Five people have been taken to to a hospital, with minor head - injuries, following a crash on the A17 near Sleaford.
Five people may have been taken back to hospital with only two minor injuries following a car crash while on the A17 near Sleaford.
Five people have been taken back to hospital, with minor injuries following a car crash on board the very busy A17 near Sleaford.
Five people have been taken back home to the hospital, with only minor injuries following a crash on board the A17 near Sleaford.
Five people have been taken to hospital with only minor head injuries, following from a car crash on the A17 road near Sleaford.
Several school districts also are holding special classes this Presidents'Day to make up time for all the days missed.
Several school districts also are holding classes this past Presidents'Day school weekend to make up for the days missed.
Several school districts are also holding classes this Presidents'Day to make make - up up and for days missed.
Several local school and district districts, are holding classes this Presidents'Day to help make up for days missed.
Several school districts also are holding classes on this Presidents'Day to make up for nearly all the days missed.
Luis Suarez, who was spotted in London.
Luis Suarez was first ever spotted in London.
Luis Suarez, was first spotted in London.
Luis Suarez was first ever spotted in London.
Luisa Suarez was first spotted in London.
A woman also was severely injured by hitting a falling tree.
A woman also was injured by accidentally hitting a falling tree.
A woman passenger was also severely injured by a falling tree.
A woman also was injured very badly by a falling tree.
A woman was severely seriously injured by hitting a falling tree.
Benjamin Zephaniah is today leading an annual Jewish poetry day for exe - offenders.
Benjamin and Zephaniah is still today leading an poetry day for the ex - offenders.
Benjamin and Zephaniah is today leading - up an poetry day for ex - offenders.
Benjamin and Zephaniah is still today leading an annual poetry day for ex - offenders.
Benjamin Zephaniah is today leading up an annual poetry reading day for ex - offenders.
Vodafone said it was still not seeking full regulatory approval to take full control of almost all its Indian unit.
Vodafone said it was seeking a full national regulatory agency and approval to take full control of its Indian unit.
Vodafone said it was seeking regulatory approval to take over full operational control over of all its South Indian unit.
Vodafone said it was seeking regulatory approvals to fully take over with the full control of its Indian unit.
Vodafone said it was seeking full regulatory approval to take over full control of all its remaining South Indian unit.
Markets have continued to remain open under pressure.
Markets continued however to remain open under pressure.
Markets continued to remain relatively open under pressure.
Markets have also continued to remain under pressure.
Markets have continued to remain open under pressure.
Rick Riordan has also revealed the album cover for telling of his story, Staff of Serapis.
Rick Riordan has revealed the new album cover cover for his story, Staffing of Serapis.
Rick Riordan has revealed the album cover for writing his short - story, Staff of Serapis.
Rick Riordan has revealed the album cover for writing his short story, The Staff of Serapis.
Rick Riordan has revealed the cover - story for his own cover story, Staff of Serapis.
Ukraine has accused Russia of sending thousands worth of troops directly into Crimea.
Ukraine government has accused the Russia of sending thousands of troops into Crimea.
Ukraine accused Russia of illegally sending thousands worth worth of troops into Crimea.
Ukraine accused Russia of being illegally sending many thousands of troops into Crimea.
Ukraine accused Russia of illegally sending thousands of troops directly back into Crimea.
A man charged with killing his father was cleared by about half of a state grand jury.
A young black man later charged with with killing his father was cleared by a grand jury.
A man charged with intentionally killing his own biological father was later cleared by a grand jury.
A man charged with killing his own father was cleared out, by half a grand jury.
A man charged with involvement with or allegedly killing his father was cleared by a grand jury.
A wave of attacks across northern Iraq reportedly killed or at least about 20 people.
A wave of attacks across northern Iraq killed at least about half another 20 people.
A wave of terrorist bomb - attacks from across Iraq killed at least 20 people.
A second wave, series of attacks across Iraq killed at least another 20 people.
A wave of terrorist attacks across northern Iraq killed or possibly at least 20 people.
NEW New - Zealand shares fell for only a third session.
NEW Zealand shares fell back sharply enough for a third session.
NEW Zealand stock shares fell sharply for a poor third session.
NEW and New Zealand shares fell for only a third session.
NEW Zealand stock shares also fell for a rare third session.
Aaron and Donald won both the inaugural 2013 Bronko Nagurski Trophy.
Aaron Donald also recently has won the 2013 Bronko Nagurski Trophy.
Aaron Donald also recently won the 2013 Sir Bronko Nagurski Trophy.
Aarons and Donald won the inaugural 2013 Bronko Nagurski Trophy.
Aaron Donald won him the 2013 Sir Bronko - Nagurski Trophy.
One in every of four men had admitted raping a woman.
One in four young black American men admitted raping a woman.
One in every four men had admitted raping even a woman.
One in four young men had admitted to raping a woman.
One in four men admitted raping of one another a woman.
Russia was fully compensating for any possible adverse future environmental effects of hosting the Games.
Russia was fully fully compensating for any adverse future environmental effects ahead of the Games.
Russia itself was fully compensating for the almost any environmental effects of hosting the Games.
Russia was also not yet fully compensating for the any environmental effects of the Games.
Russia was fully compensating for any environmental health effects of not hosting of the Games.
Cairnwater Energy Plc. currently plans to drill nine wells in its Spring of 2014 exploration programme.
Cairn Energy Plc. has announced plans to drill all nine wells early in its 2014 exploration programme.
Cairn Energy Plc. plans to successfully drill nine new wells early in its 2014 oil exploration programme.
Cairn Energy, Plc. Ltd currently plans to drill nine wells in its 2014 oil exploration programme.
Cairnwater Energy Plc. plans and plans to drill nine new wells in its 2014 exploration programme.
Three members were hacked to death over solving a large local land dispute.
Three members were hacked to the death row over a local land dispute.
Three family members, were also hacked to death over a land dispute.
Three members were hacked down almost to death over starting a land dispute.
Three members were hacked to death, over starting with a land dispute.
Gannett Co. Inc., has completed its acquisition process of the Belo Corp.
Gannett Co., USA Inc. has completed its acquisition of the Belo Corp.
Gannett Co. Inc. has completed its very own acquisition process of Belo Corp.
Gannett & Co. Inc. has recently completed its pending acquisition of Belo Corp.
Gannett & Co., Inc. has completed upon its acquisition of Belo Corp.
US champion, Jeremy Abbott fell hard in both the junior and men's short program.
US defending Olympic champion Jeremy Abbott fell hard early in winning the men's short program.
US champion Jeremy Michael - Abbott fell hard early in the men's Olympic short program.
US champion Jeremy Abbott fell down too hard in the Olympic men's Olympic short program.
US champion, fellow American Jeremy Scott Abbott fell hard in the men's short program.
Comedian Kathy Griffin - Griffin will host TrevorLIVE.
Comedian Kathy Griffin Griffin, will host TrevorLIVE.
Comedian Kathy Griffin will also also host TrevorLIVE.
Comedian Kathy Griffin will also also host TrevorLIVE.
Comedian Kathy Griffin, who will host TrevorLIVE.
Positive signs may also are emerging.
Positive mood signs also are emerging.
Positive mood signs also are emerging.
Positive signs also present are emerging.
Positive mood - signs are emerging.
Vine City has also banned sexually explicit content.
Vine Records has banned all sexually explicit content.
Vine City also has banned sexually explicit content.
Vine City has banned sexually - explicit content.
Vine has since also banned sexually explicit content.
The government agency Embassy of in the United Kingdom denied visa to the prominent Cuban antiterrorist fighter Rene Gonzalez.
The then British government of the then United Kingdom denied visa to the Cuban exile antiterrorist fighter Rene Gonzalez.
The UK - government of in the United Kingdom denied visa to the Cuban born antiterrorist fighter Rene Gonzalez.
The then British government of the then United Kingdom denied visas only to Cuban antiterrorist fighter Rene Gonzalez.
The government government of Cuba in the - then United Kingdom denied visa to Cuban antiterrorist fighter Rene Gonzalez.
The dollar has also fell against its rivals.
The new US dollar fell against its rivals.
The dollar also often fell against its rivals.
The US dollar fell sharply against its rivals.
The dollar fell back sharply against its rivals.
Maya and Prince Rudolph Rudolph have welcomed their fourth child.
Maya Rudolph have also welcomed in their upcoming fourth child.
Maya Rudolph have welcomed their, upcoming, fourth child.
Maya Rudolphs have also welcomed their upcoming fourth child.
Mayanki and Rudolph have welcomed their fourth child.
KStew showed and she flashed off her bra.
KStew showed back up and flashed her bra.
KStewgirl showed and flashed off her bra.
KStew it showed and flashed off her bra.
KStewgirls showed and flashed her bra.
Lindsey and Vonn returned to skiing over the weekend, again in Chile.
Lindsey Vonn returned to skiing over for the following ski weekend in Chile.
Lindsey Vonn also returned to alpine skiing over the weekend, in Chile.
Lindsey Vonn also returned to skiing over the weekend, also in Chile.
Lindsey Vonn returned home to skiing over the following winter weekend in Chile.
Two Chinese war ships, arrived at to the port of Singapore, which Trincomalee will visit.
Two new Chinese naval war ships, arrived at which the new port of Trincomalee will visit.
Two new Chinese war ships, which arrived at the port - city of Trincomalee will visit.
Two Chinese war ships, arrived at which the new port and city of Trincomalee will visit.
Two Chinese war ships, one which arrived at the port city of Trincomalee, will visit.
Art. Burning as if inside it were a lamp, a project by architect, Enrique Martinez Celaya.
Art. Burning as if it were not a lamp, is a mural project by Enrique Martinez Celaya.
Art. : : Burning wood as it were a lamp, a mural project by Enrique Martinez Celaya.
Art. Burning as it was, they were a lamp, a mural project by Enrique Martinez Celaya.
Art. Burning as if it were a lamp, is a mural project by Enriqueta Martinez Celaya.
Flash floods hit Chai Wan Chee after a very very heavy downpour.
Flashing flash floods hit Chai Chee after a very heavy downpour.
Flash floods hit Chai Wan Cheet after a very heavy downpour.
Flashing floods hit Chai Cheet, after a heavy downpour.
Flashing floods have also hit Chai Chee after a heavy downpour.
This jewel, the second largest diamond diamond ever sold, at auction, fetched $ US 30. 6 million.
This jewel, the largest diamond ever ever sold at such large an auction, fetched $ 30. 6 million.
This jewel, reportedly the largest single diamond ever sold at such an auction, fetched $ 30. 6 million.
This jewel, the second - largest diamond ever sold at auction, has now fetched $ 30. 6 million.
This jewel, the largest diamond ever found ever sold at auction, has fetched $ 30. 5 6 million.
Narendra Modi had sent out his personal emissaries to create a soft corner.
Narendranath and Modi had sent emissaries to create a new soft corner.
Narendra Modig had sent emissaries in order to create a soft corner.
Narendra and Modi had sent out emissaries to help create a soft corner.
Narendra Modig had also sent emissaries to create a new soft corner.
Chinese shares were also closed lower Wednesday.
Chinese shares were also closed lower Wednesday.
Chinese exchange shares closed on lower Wednesday.
Chinese exchange shares were closed lower Wednesday.
Chinese shares were closed on lower Wednesday.
Kate Bush has announced for her the very first new set of live shows in 35 years.
Katey Bush has announced for touring her first setlist of live shows in 35 years.
Kate Bush has announced her first full set of solo live music shows, in 35 years.
Katey Dee Bushell has announced her first set of live shows, in 35 years.
Kate Bush has announced plans again for her first full set of live shows in 35 years.
The then Rajasthan Government was deliberately misusing the public funds.
The then Rajasthan State Government was deliberately misusing public funds.
The then Rajasthan State Government, was misusing public funds.
The by - then Rajasthan Government was misusing public funds.
The then Rajasthan Government was allegedly also misusing public funds.
A yellow fever mosquito included involved in yellow fever was found dead at Holy - Cross cemetery in Menlo Park.
A yellow - fever mosquito included fever that was also found at Holy - Cross cemetery, in Menlo Park.
A yellow fever or mosquito included fever was found dead, at Holy - Cross cemetery, in Menlo Park.
A yellow fever mosquito included fever, that was found at the Holy New Cross cemetery in South Menlo Park.
A rare yellow fever mosquito included fever was later found dead at Holy Cross cemetery, located in Menlo Park.
Lea and Michele found out more about causing the death through making a phone call.
Lea and Michele had found out about all the death through just a phone call.
Lea Michele found out more about the mysterious mysterious death through receiving a phone call.
Lea and Michele found out more details about the death through a quick phone call.
Lea Michele found out more about the death threat through making a quick phone call.
Loudon Reed, the musician who fronted them both the rock band, died on Sunday 71.
Lou Reed, also the musician who also fronted the rock band, died suddenly on Sunday 71.
Lou Reed, also considered as the musician, who fronted rock band, died on Sunday 71.
Lou Reed, the musician, who fronted both the classic rock band, died on Sunday 71.
Loudon Reed, also the musician who fronted rock band, died suddenly, on Sunday 71.
The Millennium Development Goals have also had a very significant influence on economic development, but had little impact on the lives of leprosy sufferers.
The UN Millennium Human Development Goals Framework report may have had a influence on development but had little impact on the lives of leprosy sufferers.
The Millennium Development Goals have had a significant influence largely solely on development, but little impact whatsoever on the livesspan of leprosy sufferers.
The Millennium Millennium Development Goals have had a influence, largely, on development, but had little impact on the lives of leprosy sufferers.
The UN Millennium Development Goals have not had such a strong influence on development, but little impact on the lives of many leprosy sufferers.
A female puffin that hatched recently at the Smithsonian National Aquarium is doing.
A female deep sea puffin hatched here at the National Aquarium is doing.
A female puffin hatched at the nearby Smithsonian National Aquarium as is doing.
A female puffin hatched here, at the National Aquarium as is doing.
A single new adult female puffin hatched at the National Aquarium is doing.
Bruce Springsteen has dedicated his hit song to singer Trayvon Martin.
Bruce Lee Springsteen dedicated his hit title song to Trayvon Martin.
Bruce Springsteen himself, has dedicated his song to Trayvon Martin.
Bruce Lee Springsteen has dedicated his favorite song to Trayvon Martin.
Bruce Springsteen has dedicated half his own song to Trayvon Martin.
A passenger car was found washed off a flooded concrete causeway, on Pier Rd, near Sarina.
A parked car was washed off a partially flooded causeway, on Piers Rd, near Sarina.
A passenger car was found washed off onto a flooded causeway, on Pier Rd, near Sarina.
A cable - car was washed off of a flooded causeway on North Pier Rd, near Sarina.
A car was washed off of a partially flooded causeway, on Pier Rd,, near Sarina.
The expansion Columbus Blue Jackets, also, have recently hired player agent Bill Zito as assistant general manager.
The Columbus Crew Columbus Blue Jackets have hired player free agent Billy Van Zito as assistant general manager.
The Columbus - Crew Blue - Jackets have also hired player agent Bill Zitowski as assistant general manager.
The Columbus Blue Jackets have hired player agent Bill Zito as their new head coaching assistant and general manager.
The Columbus Crew Blue - Jackets have hired player agent Bill Zitowski as an assistant and general manager.
Firefighters who are preparing for days what conditions will be bad as ever it gets.
Firefighters are preparing for conditions will not always be bad, enough as it gets.
Firefighters who just are not preparing for conditions will not be bad as it gets.
Firefighters, who just are not preparing for conditions will be bad as it gets.
Firefighters are preparing them, for conditions will be bad as the well it gets.
Pita Pita Airport has closed in Edwardsville.
Pita Pita has since closed in Edwardsville.
Pita Pit has closed down operations in Edwardsville.
Pita Pita has since closed in Edwardsville.
Pita Pit has since been closed in Edwardsville.
Turmoil in neighbouring the Central Central African Republic also poses a serious threat.
Turmoil in the Central - African Democratic Republic poses not a serious threat.
Turmoil production in the Central African Democratic Republic also poses a serious threat.
Turmoil in neighbouring the Central African Democratic Republic poses a very serious threat.
Turmoil in the neighbouring Central African Republic also poses not a serious threat.
A young former CISF trooper foiled in a suicide bid made by killing a woman in the Delhi metro.
A CISF trooper foiled a failed suicide bid by killing a young woman working undercover in the Delhi metro.
A female former CISF trooper had foiled a suicide bombing bid by shooting a woman in the Delhi metro.
A CISF trooper foiled a previously failed suicide bombing bid made by a woman in entering the Delhi metro.
A senior CISFR police trooper foiled a suicide bombing bid made by a woman in the Delhi metro.
Who was being shot in the head in front of his teammates, as he had just walked off of a giant soccer pitch.
Who was shot twice in the head, right in front of almost all his teammates, as he walked off a soccer pitch.
Whoreboy was shot in the head right in front of his football teammates as he had walked off a nearby soccer pitch.
Who was shot twice in the head, and in blood at the front of his teammates as he walked off a soccer pitch.
Who was being shot in the head in the front of his teammates, as he had walked backwards off a nearby soccer pitch.
A Manitowoc Lake County black man is accused again of embezzling from a Sheboygan firm.
A Manitowoc County man is accused of embezzling from a corrupted local Sheboygan firm.
A Manitowoc man is also accused again of embezzling money stolen from a Sheboygan firm.
A Manitowoc man is falsely falsely accused of embezzling money from a local Sheboygan firm.
A Manitowoc County man is accused twice of embezzling money from a local Sheboygan firm.
A gang of youths robbed them of a man, in an Oldbrook underpass, for paying just £ 10.
A local gang of youths robbed a man trapped in an old abandoned Oldbrook underpass for just over £ 10.
A gang of youths robbed a young man coming back from in on an Oldbrook underpass for just £ 10.
A gang of youths were robbed of a man in on an Oldbrook underpass, for paying just £ 10.
A gang consisting of youths allegedly robbed a man in 2002 on board an Oldbrook underpass for just £ 10.
The then Bombay Presidency state high - court court directed the remaining BEST staff to call off their strike and report to work.
The Bombay high quasi - court had directed the BEST staffers to call - off their strike and to report to work.
The then Bombay high - court directed the two BEST staffers to immediately call off on their strike and report to work.
The Bombay high court judge then directed the remaining BEST staffers to immediately call off their hunger strike and report to work.
The then Bombay high court directed almost all of the BEST staff to call off their strike and to immediately report to work.
A section south of Montana Highway 12A over White Pass was also closed by a slide.
A section south of the Montana Highway 12A over White Pass was closed by a slide.
A short section of Highway # 12 over Whitefish Pass was closed off by a slide.
A section south of Highway # 12A over White Pass was also closed by a slide.
A section of Montana Highway 12 over the Big White Pass was closed off by a slide.
Germany, Belgium, and Switzerland reached the 1998 World Team Cup finals.
Germany, then Belgium and then Switzerland reached the World Team Cup finals.
Germany, hosts Belgium and Switzerland all reached the World Team Cup finals.
Germany, hosts Belgium and hosts Switzerland reached all the World Cup finals.
Germany, then then Belgium and then Switzerland reached the World Cup finals.
Seven neo - Nazis, each, were sentenced to up to to six years in prison.
Seventeen neo - Nazis were sentenced to up to twenty - four six years in prison.
Seven neo - Nazis were each sentenced to serve up to to six years imprisonment in prison.
Seven neo - Nazis were sentenced each to each serve for up to six years in prison.
Seven neo - Nazis were each sentenced to serve up to to twenty six years in prison.
Pakistan has also decided to resume its regular cross - border trade in Kashmir.
Pakistan has also decided to resume its cross - border oil trade in Kashmir.
Pakistan has decided not to resume cross - - border trade operations in Kashmir.
Pakistan government has decided not to resume cross - - border trade in Kashmir.
Pakistan has decided to resume its own regular cross - border trade in Kashmir.
Salem team then again made a successful comeback bid but fell short losing to Alliance 7.
Salem City soccer team made a comeback bid but fell short enough to defeat Alliance 7.
Salem City team then made a comeback bid but fell just short losing to Alliance 7.
Salem team, then made a comeback bid but fell short to defeat the Alliance 7.
Salem team made up a comeback bid, all but fell short to defeat Alliance 7.
Spain on Friday night also condemned the mortar attack against the former Russian embassy in Damascus.
Spain Friday condemned the mortar and fire attack against the Russian diplomatic embassy building in Damascus.
Spain Friday condemned the Israeli mortar attack against inmate the Russian embassy building in Damascus.
Spain, on Good Friday condemned the mortar attack made against the Russian embassy in Damascus.
Spain Friday condemned also the mortar fire attack against the Russian Cypriot diplomatic embassy in Damascus.
Syrian political dissident and writer has been arrested.
Syrian Muslim Brotherhood dissident writer has been arrested.
Syrian Muslim dissident writer has also been arrested.
Syrian political dissident and writer has been arrested.
Syrian dissident writer Ahmed Said has been arrested.
Taxi car drivers, who don't know the speed limit is.
Taxi drivers who just don't know the speed - limit is.
Taxi drivers don't know exactly what the speed - limit is.
Taxi drivers who don't even know the speed - limit is.
Taxi drivers, people who don't know the speed limit is.
The Venezuelan government plans it to continue increasing its paces of land use and expropriations in order to move Venezuela towards agrarian socialism.
The Venezuelan government plans it has planned to continue its slowdown pace of land expropriations, in order to move towards agrarian socialism.
The Venezuelan government has plans to also continue increasing its own pace of land expropriations, in an order to move towards agrarian socialism.
The Venezuelan government plans it to continue with its pacemaking of land tax expropriations in order to help move Venezuela towards agrarian socialism.
The new Venezuelan government plans only to continue its pace of land expropriations in order in order not to move Venezuela towards agrarian socialism.
OG & E Group Ltd is warning their customers about a scam.
OG & & E is warning its customers about such a scam.
OGG & E is also warning customers more about a scam.
OG & E is warning their customers about using such a scam.
OG & E is warning customers about such things as a scam.
Bradley Manning also received a maximum sentence total of 35 years in prison.
Bradley Manning received a sentence total of 35 - years imprisonment in prison.
Bradley Manning also received not only a sentence of 35 years in prison.
Bradley - Manning received only a sentence of over 35 years in prison.
Bradley Manning received a maximum sentence of 35 - years imprisonment in prison.
Ballarpur Heavy Industries may also touch Rs. 21 22.
Ballarpur Heavy Industries may also touch Rs. 21 22.
Ballarpur Industries Limited may touch Rs Rs. 21 22.
Ballarpur Industries Limited, may touch Rs. 21 22.
Ballarpur Industries may touch at Rs. 10 21 22.
Terry McAuliffe is bringing pre - inauguration birthday celebrations up on Saturday night.
Terry McAuliffe is also bringing pre - - inauguration celebrations on Saturday night.
Terry - McAuliffe University is also bringing pre - inauguration celebrations Saturday night.
Terry McAuliffe is bringing up pre - election inauguration celebrations on Saturday night.
Terry, McAuliffe, is also bringing pre - inauguration celebrations Saturday night.
People roulette and online video chat Guns.
People roulette tables and online chat Guns.
People played roulette and online chat Guns.
People play roulette online and chat Guns.
People roulette online and people chat Guns.
Gareth Bale also enjoys enjoying the expectation.
Gareth Bale also enjoys seeing the expectation.
Gareth - Gareth Bale enjoys the expectation.
Gareth Baleford also enjoys the expectation.
Gareth Bale enjoys seeing to the expectation.
Some stage show costumes contain toxic chemicals.
Some stage costumes contain some toxic chemicals.
Some costumes also contain some toxic chemicals.
Some stage costumes also contain toxic chemicals.
Some stage costumes contain some toxic chemicals.
A man was arrested, reportedly after a child porn tape was found on his computer.
A man was arrested, allegedly after child porn was allegedly found on to his computer.
A man was arrested, after child porn tape was found, leaking on his computer.
A young man was also arrested, after child porn tape was found on his computer.
A young man was arrested, after child porn was found as leaking on his computer.
Heritage River Valley Health Care System plans plans to advertise insurance rates at its outpatient clinics.
Heritage Valley Health System has plans to increase advertise rates annually at its three outpatient clinics.
Heritage Valley Regional Health Care System plans and plans to advertise rates at its outpatient clinics.
Heritage Valley Health System plans to significantly - increase and advertise rates at its outpatient clinics.
Heritage River Valley Health System plans to also advertise health insurance rates at its outpatient clinics.
Hundreds also marched for press freedoms in the Sudanese capital.
Hundreds marched calling out for freedom fighters in the Sudanese capital.
Hundreds also marched for freedom fighters protesting in the Sudanese capital.
Hundreds also marched out for freedom in the South Sudanese capital.
Hundreds marched for freedom - fighters in defending the Sudanese capital.
Exercise may be good, good enough as medication to treat heart disease.
Exercise may be good as a generic generic medication to treat heart disease.
Exercises may also not be good as medication to treat heart disease.
Exercises may be good enough as a medication to treat heart disease.
Exercise may also not be good enough as medication to treat heart disease.
Ninety thousand ITS stocks were, extending Friday's gain.
Ninety IT stocks there were, extending to Friday's gain.
Nine ITC common stock stocks were, extending Friday's gain.
Nine ITC stocks therein were, extending Friday's gain.
Nine IT stocks therein were, extending to Friday's gain.
World leaders who have come out to pay tribute to Nelson Mandela.
World leaders come out to pay a tribute concert to Nelson Mandela.
World leaders have also come to pay tribute to President Nelson Mandela.
World African leaders come to pay tributes annually to Nelson Mandela.
World leaders have also come to pay a tribute to Nelson Mandela.
Redbox then rented its 3 - billionth disc.
Redbox has rented its own 3 billionth disc.
Redbox rented its own $ 3 billionth disc.
Redbox has rented its own 3 billionth disc.
Redbox also rented its own 3 billionth disc.
Broadway's Jennifer Lee Holliday is also coming to the Atlanta Georgia Botanical Garden.
Broadway's Jennifer Lee Holliday, is coming to the new Atlanta Botanical Garden.
Broadway's new Jennifer Holliday Theater is also coming to the Atlanta Botanical Garden.
Broadway's Jennifer Holliday, is coming to visit the new Atlanta Botanical Garden.
Broadway's Jennifer Holliday is also coming to the new Atlanta Georgia Botanical Garden.
A University of East Dayton basketball player who has been formally charged twice with violence and assault.
A University of East Dayton basketball player has been repeatedly falsely falsely charged with violence and assault.
A University League of Dayton senior basketball player has also been repeatedly charged with violence and assault.
A University League of East Dayton basketball team player has also been charged with violence and assault.
A former former University Athletic of Dayton basketball player has been charged twice with violence and assault.
Silver Standard Resources, Inc., has entered to purchase 100 % % ownership of the Marigold mine.
Silver Standard Resources Inc. has also been entered to the purchase 100 % of, the Marigold mine.
Silver Standard Resources, Inc., has entered to purchase 100 % % ownership of the Marigold mine.
Silver Standard Resources, Inc. has entered to legally purchase just over 100 % of the Marigold mine.
Silver Standard Mining & Resources Inc. has also entered to purchase over 100 % of the Marigold mine.
The initial attack aimed on northern Syria had already failed.
The attack on northern central Syria had apparently already failed.
The attack on all the northern Syria had already failed.
The attack back on Syria had most probably already failed.
The attack on Syria by Israel itself had already failed.
The master plan team will then then begin by forming implementation task groups.
The master plan teaming will begin by first forming implementation task groups.
The master - plan team will then immediately begin forming implementation task groups.
The master planner team will then begin forming implementation planning task groups.
The master planner team will begin by forming implementational task groups.
Italy also recalled him its ambassador from India.
Italy also recalled its first ambassador from India.
Italy recalled to him its ambassador from India.
Italy also recalled its ambassadors from India.
Italy recalled all its ambassadors from India.
Kimiko Date - Krumm was forced again to retire in just the first - qualifying round of the BMW Ladies Malaysian Open.
Kimiko Daten Date - Krumm was then unexpectedly forced to retire in the very first round of the BMW Malaysian Open.
Kimiko Date - Krumm was injured then forced to retire in just just the first round of the 2018 BMW Malaysian Open.
Kimiko Date Date Date - Krumm was forced to retire early, in the first round of winning the BMW Malaysian Open.
Kimiko Date - Josef Krumm was forced to retire early in the first - qualifying round of winning the BMW Malaysian Open.
The former husband of murdered Irish woman Jill Meagher will return home safely to Ireland.
The husband of murdered Irish woman Jillian Meagher will also not return to Ireland.
The husband, of murdered woman, Jill Meagher, will not return to Ireland.
The former husband of murdered woman Jillian Meagher, he will return to Ireland.
The husband of murdered woman Jill Meagher, will then return home, to Ireland.
A repair takes, but delays are often not a very very simple result regardless of supply level and demand.
A quick repair takes,, but delays are most often considered a relatively simple result of supply and demand.
A repair often takes, but delays and delays are most often a simple result of supply problems and demand.
A repair process most often takes, but delays are most often a simple result of poor supply and demand.
A complete repair takes, but delays are often a simple result, of supply problems, supply and demand.
Gene Haas has been granted a FIA sanctioned Formula One racing license by both the FIA.
Gene de Haas has also never been granted such a Formula One license by the FIA.
Gene Haas has been officially granted a full Formula One license by and both the FIA.
Gene Haas has been officially granted entry with a full Formula One license by the FIA.
Gene Haase has been granted both a Formula One license by and both the FIA.
An Orthodox priest, who gained he performed the exorcisms has signed on a movie deal.
An priestess who has gained he performed exorcisms has also signed on a movie deal.
An priest who he has gained he performed the exorcisms, has signed a movie deal.
An priest who gained he performed exorcisms, has signed a Hollywood horror - movie deal.
An priest who gained that he performed the exorcisms has signed a major Hollywood movie deal.
24 veterans who will receive the Medal of Honor, decades after successfully completing of all their service.
24 veterans will receive only the Medal of Honor, over two decades after completing all their service.
24 veterans will now receive only the Medal of Honor, decades later after successfully completing their service.
24 veterans will receive the Medals Medal of Honor, two decades after successfully completing their service.
24 veterans will also receive both the Congressional Medal of Honor, decades after successfully completing their service.
Midtown Global Market they say're hosting the annual celebration celebration of Dia de los Muertos.
Midtown Global Food Market, they say're hosting the celebration Dia de de los Muertos.
Midtown Global Food Market they're also hosting for the celebration of Dia de los Muertos.
Midtown the Global Market they all say're hosting the celebration of Dia de los Muertos.
Midtown Global Market they're also hosting the annual cultural celebration Dia Festival de los Muertos.
Stillman College staff will furlough employees starting work in April and May.
Stillman Community Community College staff will furlough employees in April and May.
Stillman College also will furlough its employees in April, and May.
Stillman College staff will furlough employees in late April, and May.
Stillman Community College will furlough employees in late - April and May.
Amy Klobuchar Stadium will host to highlight the efforts made to help combat heroin use.
Amy Klobuchar will host events to highlight her own own efforts to combat heroin use.
Amy Jo Klobuchar Memorial Baseball Stadium will host to highlight efforts to combat heroin use.
Amy Klobuchar Memorial Stadium will host to highlight efforts being made to combat heroin use.
Amy Klobuchar will be host to highlight all of her efforts to combat heroin use.
Chris and Hemsworths team were forced to flee floods.
Chris and Hemsworth were forced back to help flee floods.
Chris and Hemsworth were also being forced to flee floods.
Chris Hemsworth were also also being forced to flee floods.
Chris Hemsworth were forced further further back to flee floods.
Miracle is also a treatment used for ringing bells in the ears.
Miracle is also a treatment for ringing pain in both the ears.
Miracle is a medical treatment for ringing bells in both the ears.
Miracle finger ringing is also a treatment for ringing in the ears.
Miracle ringing is a medical treatment for ringing sounds in the ears.
Adrian Beltrevich could not return soon, as Sunday.
Adriana and Beltre could return as soon as Sunday.
Adrian and Beltre could return as soon, as Sunday.
Adrian Beltre could not return as soon, as Sunday.
Adrian Beltrevich could not return soon, as Sunday.
Hartselle SC defeated FC Athens 14.
Hartselle defeated the FC Athens 14.
Hartselle SC defeated FC Athens 14.
Hartselle SC defeated FC Athens 14.
Hartselle defeated FC Dinamo Athens 14.
MLA and Shankar Raj Kumar Chaudhary, along with 50 others was acquitted in solving a controversial 2002 riots case.
MLA and MP Shankar Chaudhary, along with with about 50 others was acquitted in a 2002 Gujarat riots case.
MLA and Shankar Kumar Chaudhary, along with with 50 others was acquitted in solving a May 2002 riots case.
MLA and Shankar Chaudhary, along, along with 50 others was acquitted, in a 2002 Gujarat riots case.
MLA and Shankar Kumar Chaudhary along with 50 others was later successfully acquitted, in a 2002 Gujarat riots case.
Mayors urge the members of Congress to help pass comprehensive immigration reform.
Mayors also urge members out of Congress not to pass immigration reform.
Mayors urge members out of Congress to help Congress pass immigration reform.
Mayors urge the members of the Congress not to pass immigration reform.
Mayors urge members of the Congress to help Congress pass immigration reform.
Kin of a teenage rape victim accused today tried unsuccessfully to chop off part of the teenage victim's tongue.
Kin of a rape accused of today tried very unsuccessfully to forcibly chop off the teenaged victim's tongue.
Kin of a teenage rape rape victim accused today tried to chop off the teenaged rape victim's tongue.
Kin of a teenage rape victim victim accused of today tried unsuccessfully to chop off the teenage victim's tongue.
Kin of, a rape accused today, had tried to chop it off the teenaged victim's tongue.
Two more Israeli soldiers were wounded fighting in north Lebanon.
Two soldiers were wounded in fighting the far north Lebanon.
Two Israeli soldiers were also wounded fighting in north Lebanon.
Two soldiers killed were wounded fighting in the north Lebanon.
Two Israeli soldiers were also wounded, in north Lebanon.
Early childhood and education is vital.
Early childhood education education is vital.
Early childhood education education is vital.
Early childhood and education is vital.
Early childhood and education is vital.
Office Office 365 aims primarily to boost productivity.
Office 365 also aims to help boost productivity.
Office 365 aims primarily to help boost productivity.
Office 365 also aims to help boost productivity.
Office 365 also aims primarily to boost productivity.
Mike Troutman left off the game, with tightness tearing in on his right hamstring, but he isn't.
Mike Trout left the game " with tightness in his right - calf hamstring, " - but he isn't.
Mike Troutman left the game with " tightness in his right - calf hamstring, " but he isn't.
Mike Trout left the football game with a tightness in on his right hamstring, "... but he isn't.
Mike Trout left the football game too early with tightness in his lower right hamstring, but apparently he isn't.
The proposed Kudankulam nuclear reactor complex will start generating 1000 MW by October 2014 end, said.
The Kudankulam nuclear reactor complex will start generating power about 1000 MW by October end, said.
The new Kudankulam reactor will only start operations generating about 1000 MW by October end, said.
The new Kudankulam reactor will also start generating 10000 MWe by October end, said.
The Kudankulam reactor will start generating power about another 1000 MWe by October end, said.
Paraguay fought wars against Brazil, Uruguay, & later Argentina, at least the First Battle of Curupayty in 1866.
Paraguay fought against Brazil, Paraguay & Uruguay, & finally against the Argentina at the Battle of Curupayty in 1866.
Paraguay, fought together against Brazil, & Uruguay, & Argentina, at at the Battle of Curupayty in 1866.
Paraguay also fought against Brazil, Uruguay, & finally Argentina at the Battle of the Curupaytyán River in 1866.
Paraguay fought against Brazil, Uruguay, & finally Argentina, at at the Battles of Curupaytyán in 1866.
Tourists spent about US $ more.
Tourists spent about US $ more.
Tourists spent about US $ more.
Tourists have spent about $ more.
Tourists spent only about $ more.
About 200 wild pigs had died, and 100 cows had when a semi overturned.
About about 200 wild pigs died and 100 sheep had died when a semi overturned.
About 200 pigs died and another 100 had when a truck and a semi overturned.
About 200 pigs died, between 50 % and 100 had when a semi overturned.
About 200 pigs had died, and another 100 pigs had when a semi overturned.
More conservative Americans believe that the United States government has become a much less important player.
More - recently socially conservative Americans believe the United States has become a less important player.
More Americans believe the United Arab Arab States has become a less - than important player.
More Americans now believe that the United States has now become even a less important player.
More conservative Americans believe that the United - States government has become a less important player.
Who then attempted to help pay off his water bill with cocaine.
Who then attempted unsuccessfully trying to pay his water bill with cocaine.
Who attempted to pay his own water bill along with with cocaine.
Who then unsuccessfully attempted to pay his water bill along with cocaine.
Who attempted to help pay his own water bill along with cocaine.
Clement told contracting out government financial and advisory services reduces.
Clement told contracting out government and financial advisory services reduces.
Clement told the contracting - out government financial services reduces.
Clement was told contracting out of government financial services reduces.
Clement told contracting - out of government financial services reduces.
Several domestic flights were cancelled due to the otherwise otherwise unusually bad weather.
Several domestic flights also were cancelled due mainly due to the bad weather.
Several scheduled domestic flights were cancelled due mainly to both the bad weather.
Several scheduled domestic passenger flights were cancelled due mainly to the bad weather.
Several domestic flights there also were cancelled, due to the bad weather.
IRDA has prescribed a standard format standard for life and death insurance policy.
IRDA has prescribed a standard format for writing a life and insurance policy.
IRDA has prescribed a new standard format for life and health insurance policy.
IRDA prescribed for a new standard format for life and health insurance policy.
IRDA has prescribed a standard format and standard for life and insurance policy.
An old oil - tanker caught fire in a garage.
An tanker caught on fire in proximity to a garage.
An tanker truck caught on a fire in a garage.
An tanker caught fire from somewhere somewhere in a garage.
An tanker caught fire while in proximity to a garage.
TRADE MP, and MP Rob Davies defended the government's economic record.
TRADE and Robb Davies defended not improving the government's economic record.
TRADE and MP Robyn Davies defended improving the government's economic record.
TRADE MP and MP Rob Davies defended against the government's economic record.
TRADE and MP Rob Davies have defended improving the government's economic record.
Facebook also reportedly agreed to buy out WhatsApp for $ 19 billion.
Facebook agreed to also buy WhatsApp, for US $ 19 billion.
Facebook agreed to buy WhatsApp, for US US $ 19 billion.
Facebook agreed to buy WhatsApp for US $ US $ 19 billion.
Facebook also reportedly agreed to eventually buy WhatsApp for $ 19 billion.
The National Bank Union of Ukraine, is not currently mulling the proposed introduction of restrictions against banks from operating illegally in Crimea.
The National Bank of Union of Ukraine is not mulling the introduction of restrictions against foreign banks from those illegally operating in Crimea.
The National Bank Union of Ukraine is not currently mulling the introductions ahead of restrictions against foreign banks operating illegally in Crimea.
The National Commercial Bank of Ukraine is not mulling over the introductions of legal restrictions against the foreign banks operating in Crimea.
The National Bank of Ukraine is also not yet mulling the proposed introduction of restrictions imposed against banks for operating illegally in Crimea.
Detroit coach Jimi Schwartz liked both of the play of his and special teams.
Detroit coach, Jimi Schwartz liked both the play of his and special teams.
Detroit coach, GM Jim Schwartz liked watching the play of all his special teams.
Detroit coach, Jimi Schwartz liked the strong play of all his special teams.
Detroit coach Jimi Schwartz liked the more aggressive play of his own special teams.
A new second - lieutenant was introduced and two deputies each were honored.
A new state lieutenant governor was also introduced and two deputies were honored.
A new second lieutenant was introduced, and two deputies each were honored.
A new lieutenant was introduced, and the first two deputies were honored.
A new lieutenant was also introduced and two new deputies each were honored.
ROBIN, and both THICKE and PAULA PATTON have separated.
ROBIN THICKED and PAULAN AND PATTON have separated.
ROBIN THICKED and THE PAULAN PATTON have separated.
ROBIN THICKED and PAULA PATTONS I have separated.
ROBIN, THE THICKE and PAULA PATTONS have separated.
Coach : Caleb Porterfield He has signed a new contract extension with the Timbers.
Coach Caleb Porter has signed a new professional contract - an extension with the Timbers.
Coach : : : Caleb Porter has signed a contract extension extension with the Timbers.
Coach Caleb Porterfield has signed to a contract - extension agreement with the Timbers.
Coach Caleb James Porterfield has signed a new contract - extension with the Timbers.
Around 60 people are protesting in front door area of the the building of the building the Bulgarian parliament.
Around about 60 people are also protesting in front door of the building building of the new Bulgarian parliament.
Around 60 people there are also actively actively protesting in the front of the building of the Bulgarian parliament.
Around 60 people there are protesting in front door area of the building of the proposed new Bulgarian parliament.
Around about 60 people are protesting in front of the protesters in the building complex of the Bulgarian parliament.
Jaganmohan Reddy later walked him out of the state jail after only spending 16 months.
Jaganmohan Prasad Reddy walked him out of leaving the jail after spending almost 16 months.
Jaganmohan Reddy walked him right out of the state jail after only spending 16 months.
Jaganmohan Reddy walked out of the state jail of Telangana jail after spending 16 months.
Jaganmohan Reddy had just finally walked out of the jail after only spending 16 months.
Kellan and the Lutz won't really be very merry this Christmas.
Kellan and Lutz won't even be very much merry this Christmas.
Kellan and Lutzer won't really be very merry this Christmas.
Kellan and Lutzer won't be very merry about this Christmas.
Kellan Lutz won't be feeling so very much merry this Christmas.
Sony introduced and also the world's first fully curved screen LED television.
Sony also introduced the then world's first curved - screen LED television.
Sony introduced the then then world's first curved - screen LED television.
Sony introduced also the world's first curved screen full color LED television.
Sony introduced also, the world's very first curved screen LED television.
Barack - Obama shakes hands again, with Raul Castro.
Barack Obama shakes his hands once again with Raul Castro.
Barack Obama also shakes hands with Cuban President Raul Castro.
Barack Obama also briefly shakes hands again with Raul Castro.
Barack Obama - Obama also shakes hands with Raul Castro.
Medha Patkar also has extended her support to the Aam Aadmi Party.
Medhal Patkar has extended her financial support to Aam Aadmi Party.
Medha Patkar extended her electoral support to form the Aam Aadmi Party.
Medha Patkar also extended all her support to Aamma Aadmi Party.
Medhal Patkar extended her financial support support to Aam Aadmi Party.
The National Weather Service has issued it with a frost protection advisory covering a relatively wide swath of central Alabama.
The US National Weather Service has issued it a monthly severe frost advisory covering over a swath of central Alabama.
The National Weather Service Service Service has issued a frost advisory, covering a wide swath of south central Alabama.
The US National Weather Service has also recently issued a frost cover advisory covering a swath of south central Alabama.
The National Weather Service has issued a severe frost advisory, covering only just over a swath of central Alabama.
Saint Mary's Catholic College has also announced plans to renovate the McKeon Pavilion.
Saint Mary's College has announced plans, but not to renovate McKeon Pavilion.
Saint Mary's Catholic College has also announced plans to renovate the McKeon Pavilion.
Saint Joseph - Mary's College has announced plans to completely renovate McKeon Pavilion.
Saint - Mary's College Montreal has announced its plans to renovate McKeon Pavilion.
State Sen. John Paul Stewart Greenleaf also discusses his proposed human trafficking bill.
State Senator Sen. Stewart Greenleaf discusses his proposed federal human - trafficking bill.
State Sen. Stewart Greenleaf also discusses his own proposed human - trafficking bill.
State Sen. Stewart Clark Greenleaf discusses his proposed federalized human trafficking bill.
State Senator Sen. John Stewart Greenleaf discusses his proposed human - trafficking bill.
Cirque du Soleil Tour : The performers returned by taking them to the streets in Santa Monica.
Cirque du Bon Soleil performers returned by taking to walking the streets and parks in Santa Monica.
Cirque du Bon Soleil The performers returned home by foot taking to the streets in Santa Monica.
Cirque du Soleil performers returned by taking to the main, streetside theater in Santa Monica.
Cirque du Soleil performers returned by taking them to the streets, parks and in Santa Monica.
A federal court ordered YouTube to " not take down " a controversial anti - radical Islam video.
A federal court ordered on the YouTube to take - - down a controversial anti - Islam video.
A federal court has ordered YouTubers to not take down a controversial, anti - Islam video.
A federal appeals court ordered YouTubers to take - down a highly controversial anti - Islam video.
A federal court ordered YouTube " to take - down " a controversial, anti - Islam video.
Alan Turing is to receive only a presidential pardon nearly 60 years later after announcing his death.
Alan Turing is to receive him a pardon nearly 60 - years after announcing him his death.
Alan Turing is to also posthumously receive him a pardon, nearly 60 years after his death.
Alan Alan Turing, III is to receive him a pardon nearly 60 years after his death.
Alan Turing is to receive him a pardon, for nearly another 60 years after his death.
A young woman accused her husband of deliberately stabbing her husband in the chest was.
A woman accused of " deliberately stabbing her husband in " the upper chest was.
A woman accused her of " stabbing " her husband " in the chest was.
A woman accused of stabbing " her " own husband " in the chest was.
A woman accused of stabbing " her " husband in half the upper chest was.
A young Dartmouth man who is facing two child pornography charges.
A very young, Dartmouth man is facing child pornography charges.
A Dartmouth College man who died is facing child pornography charges.
A Dartmouth man is now also facing federal child pornography charges.
A Dartmouth maniac is currently facing two child pornography charges.
Jimmy and Dimora appears, headed back home to federal prison.
Jimmy and Dimora appears headed off straight back to federal prison.
Jimmy Dimora then appears, headed back home to federal prison.
Jimmy and Dimora appears headed back to the old federal prison.
Jimmy Dimora appears, headed back home, to federal prison.
Amanda Bynes was seen shopping twice before, when she started a fire up in a driveway.
Amanda Bynes was seen shopping before when she accidentally started lighting a forest fire in a driveway.
Amanda - Bynes was seen shopping before she accidentally started a fire going in on a driveway.
Amanda Bynes was seen shopping around before she started starting a fire going in on a driveway.
Amanda Bynes was seen shopping before she had started a forest fire, in just a driveway.
Iranian television station has broadcast a simulated missile - attack attack on Israel.
Iranian television has broadcast of a simulated missile - borne attack on Israel.
Iranian television has broadcast footage of a successful simulated missile attack on Israel.
Iranian television news station has broadcast a simulated missile attack attack on Israel.
Iranian television station has also broadcast a simulated ballistic missile attack on Israel.
Pune FC suffered their first AFC Asian Cup final defeat going down 1 3 0 down to hosts Tampines Rovers FC.
Pune FC suffered their first AFC Asian Cup defeat going down 2 1 - 3 to hosts Tampines Rovers Rovers FC.
Pune FC also suffered their first - ever ever AFC Cup Final defeat going down 1 3 to Tampines Rovers FC.
Pune FC suffered their very very first AFC Asian Cup defeat going down down 1 - 3 to Tampines Rovers FC.
Pune City United FC also suffered their first AFC Cup Final defeat going down 1 - 3 to Tampines Rovers FC.
Rascal Faye and Flatts guitarist Joe Don Rooney are expecting for him their third child.
Rascal Flatts and lead guitarist Joe Don Rooney, are expecting their upcoming third child.
Rascal and Flatts guitarist Joe Don Rooney, who both are expecting their third child.
Rascal Flatts guitarist, Joe Don and Rooney Don are expecting their upcoming third child.
Rascal Flatts singer and guitarist Joe Don Rooney are expecting for their upcoming third child.
Trey Burton is coming, too " but, he said players never wavered in their strong support of quarterback Will Muschamp.
Trey Burton, also is coming, but he said players have never wavered in their full public support of Will Muschamp.
Trey said Burton is still coming, but also he said players never wavered in their support, because of Will Muschamp.
Trey said Burton is coming, but, he said players never once have wavered in their support of quarterback Will Muschamp.
Trey Burton is reportedly still coming, but he said players never wavered in expressing their strong support of quarterback Will Muschamp.
Humans and lab rats think alike when afraid they have made a mistake.
Humans, and rats think so alike they must have made a mistake.
Humans and not even the rats think alike they have made a mistake.
Humans and the rats think alike they would have made such a mistake.
Humans, and rats, think alike they have not made a mistake.
National resolve is also needed to help boost economy growth and culture.
National resolvency is also needed to boost the economy and culture.
National resolve is needed to help to boost economy growth and culture.
Nationalization resolvency is needed to help boost economy and culture.
National political resolve is needed to boost both the economy and culture.
Mulberry and chief of executive Bruno Guillon has since stepped down.
Mulberry chief executive Bruno de Guillon has long since stepped down.
Mulberry chief executive officer Bruno Guillon has long since stepped down.
Mulberry and chief executive officer Bruno de Guillon has stepped down.
Mulberry chief executive executive officer Bruno de Guillon has stepped down.
Cressida de Bonas was first spotted lingerie shopping at Tezeni Street in London.
Cressida Bonas was first spotted selling lingerie while shopping at Tezeni in London.
Cressida de Bonas was first ever spotted lingerie shopping at Tezeni in London.
Cressida de Bonas was spotted wearing lingerie while shopping at Tezeni in London.
Cressida de Bonas was spotted lingerie shopping shopping centre at Tezeni in London.
Alice Herz - Sommer, the last living person turned 110.
Alice Herz - Sommer, is the person who turned 110.
Alice Herzl - Sommer, and the person turned 110.
Alice Herz - Sommer, the last person who turned 110.
Alice Herz - Sommer, the very last person turned 110.
A judge now has ordered Dag - Bratt to pay $ 3. 7 - million to the victim.
A judge has long since ordered Da Brat to pay US $ 3. 7 - million to find the victim.
A judge has long - since ordered the Da Brat to pay US $ 3. 7 million to the victim.
A judge has since ordered Da Bratt family to personally pay $ 3. 5 7 million to the victim.
A federal judge has ordered Dag Brat to personally pay US $ 3. 7 million to find the victim.
Charles Djou says that Congress needs more centrists, just like him.
Charles Djou says that the Congress now needs more centrists like him.
Charles Djou says Congress needs no one but more centrists like him.
Charles Djoura says Congress needs some more centrists, like him.
Charles Djou says that Congress needs no one more centrists like him.
Military issues still have no clear place in all the nuclear talks.
Military nuclear issues would have no place whatsoever in the nuclear talks.
Military issues still have no clear place in all the nuclear talks.
Military and other nuclear issues have no place in the nuclear talks.
Military issues have no place in all of all the nuclear talks.
I spent 10 years hiding from all my depression on tours abroad.
I spent 10½ years hiding depression while on my tours abroad.
I spent almost 10½ hundred years hiding depression on tours abroad.
I spent 10 years hiding depression while going on my tours abroad.
I have spent 10 years in hiding depression on my tours abroad.
MORE than half a hundred 100 pints of blood were being donated in one hour.
MORE than a 100 pints of human - blood were donated in about one hour.
MORE than 100 pints of fresh fresh blood were being donated twice in one hour.
MORE More than a 100 pints of blood were being donated daily in one hour.
MORE than 100 pints worth each of human blood that were donated in one hour.
Enião has won a license - for - 857 offshore Brazil.
Eni has also won a license license - for 857 offshore Brazil.
Enião has since also won a license - 857 offshore Brazil.
Eni has also won patents over a license - 857 offshore Brazil.
Eni has won a license - worth $ 857 million offshore Brazil.
The ongoing droughts has also also prompted some Bay Area residents to collect rain.
The drought has also prompted some Bay Area area residents not to regularly collect rain.
The drought situation however has prompted some Bay - Area area residents to collect rain.
The drought related situation has also prompted some Bay Area residents to illegally collect rain.
The drought has prompted only some Bay Area area residents continuing to regularly collect rain.
An animal rescue centre says it's been struggling hard to cope.
An animal centre manager says it's struggling hard enough to cope.
An unnamed animal centre management spokesman says it's struggling to cope.
An animal centre says, that it's struggling hard to cope.
An animal centre website says, that it's struggling to cope.
More than half of all the remaining eligible couples will meet up online by 2031.
More than half of all couples will now either meet online or online by 2031.
More than one half of all married gay couples will meet online online by 2031.
More than half of of the time all couples will meet online online by 2031.
More than than half that number of all couples worldwide will meet online by 2031.
Philip Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has been found dead.
Philip Seymour Hoffman, himself has also been found dead.
Philip Seymour Hoffman has been later later on found dead.
Philip Philip Seymour Hoffman has been also later found dead.
Philip Philip Seymour Hoffman has also been recently found dead.
A Clifton Park man died after he lost control control of half of his car.
A Clifton man died shortly afterwards, after he lost all control of his car.
A young Clifton man died after which he lost all the control of his car.
A Clifton man died shortly after he had lost control control of all his car.
A Clifton man died after which he had lost complete control of all his car.
Satya - Nadella raised his hand ready to take up on the job.
Satya - Nadella raised his hand ready to take up on the job.
Satya Nadella raised his hand, ready to take up on the job.
Satya - Nadella raised up his hand to formally take up the job.
Satya Nadella, had raised his hand to take up on the job.
Alex Rodriguez stormed into hearing proceedings after an independent arbitrator ruled out that Bud Selig did not have to testify.
Alex Rodriguez stormed into the hearing after which an arbitrator ruled Bud Selig did not legally have standing to testify.
Alex Rodriguez stormed hearing after an independent arbitrator ruled Budd Selig he did not even legally have to testify.
Alexa and Rodriguez stormed into the hearing after an arbitrator ruled that Bud Selig did not have to testify.
Alexa Rodriguez was stormed hearing after which an arbitrator ruled Bud Selig he himself did not have to testify.
Pakistan also will benefit very greatly from granting the Most Favoured Indian Nation status to India.
Pakistan also will benefit greatly from the granting the Most Favoured Nation status award to India.
Pakistan will also benefit from granting of the Most Favoured Indian Muslim Nation status to India.
Pakistan, and also, will benefit from granting the Most Favoured Nation status to India.
Pakistan will also also benefit from granting the Most Favoured Muslim Minority Nation status to India.
Robert Edwarde Mugabe appointed a new cabinet.
Robert Edwarde Mugabe appointed a new cabinet.
Robert Mugabe then appointed him a new cabinet.
Robert Mugabe then appointed a completely new cabinet.
Robert Edward Mugabe appointed a completely new cabinet.
The new BMW 5 Series will go on - sale, possibly starting in September.
The new BMW i 5 - Series engine unit will go on sale in September.
The new BMW 5 Series engine range will also go on sale starting in September.
The brand new model BMW i 5 Series sedan will go on sale in September.
The new BMW 5 Series engine will also go on pre - sale in September.
Robert Levinson, journalist who disappeared in Iran in late - August 2007, was in the country working for, the CIA.
Robert Levinson, who disappeared in Iran in 2007, was in hiding across the country, and working for, the CIA.
Robert Aaron Levinson, who disappeared in Iran, in August 2007, was in the country while still working for the CIA.
Robert Aaron Levinson, who disappeared while in Iran in 2007, and was in the very same country working for the CIA.
Robert and Aaron Levinson, journalist who disappeared while in southern Iran in 2007, was in the country working for the CIA.
The Phillies want to help help them keep Chase Utley.
The Phillies want for hire him to keep Chase Utley.
The Phillies would also want to keep pitcher Chase Utley.
The Phillies also want to help them keep Chase Utley.
The Philadelphia Phillies want to help help keep Chase Utley.
Transocean has agreed to sign a brand new deal with Carl Icahn.
Transocean has agreed not to sign a deal with CEO Carl Icahn.
Transoceanica has agreed terms to a new deal with Carl Icahn.
Transocean has agreed to make such a deal again with Carl Icahn.
Transocean has also agreed to sign a deal deal with Carl Icahn.
Kumar, Mangalam and Birla met Law and met Kapil Sibal.
Kumar and Mangalam. Birla met Law and met Kapil Sibal.
Kumaran and Mangalam. Birla met Law and Kapil Sibal.
Kumar and Dr Mangalam Birla met Lawyer and Kapil Sibal.
Kumar Mangalam and Birla also met Lawal and Kapil Sibal.
A woman accused of the ofcible beating her puppy dog to death was allowed.
A young woman accused of repeatedly beating her own puppy dog to death was allowed.
A woman accused of of deliberately beating up her puppy to death, was allowed.
A woman accused of battery of and beating her puppy dog to death was allowed.
A beautiful young woman accused of beating her puppy to his death, was allowed.
South African oil industry stocks rallied.
South - African oil stocks rallied.
South African crude oil stocks rallied.
South African crude oil stocks rallied.
South - African oil stocks rallied.
A young Chicago police officer was hit twice in the head with only a baseball bat.
A Chicago City police officer was hit in the head with only a single baseball bat.
A Chicago officer was hit twice twice in the head with a Chicago police baseball bat.
A Chicago police department officer was also hit twice in the head with a baseball bat.
A Chicago City police officer was hit in the head, with only a baseball bat.
China brought forward with its latest concern, against Japan, to the United Nations.
China brought out its very latest concern, against Japan to the new United Nations.
China has brought its latest concern, against allowing Japan to join the United Nations.
China brought its own latest concern, against Japan to join in the United Nations.
China brought out its latest international concern against the Japan to join the United Nations.
Bulgaria continues and occupies the position 57th - place among 148 countries in the report, The Global and Economic Competitiveness Report for 2013 - 2014.
Bulgaria continues and occupies 57th place among 148 countries listed in the report, The 10th Annual UN Global Competitiveness Report, 2013 - - 2014.
Bulgaria growth continues and currently occupies 57th place in place, among 148 developing countries in the report, The Global Competitiveness Report 2013 - 2014.
Bulgaria continues, and occupies 57th place, among 148 countries in the report, in The Global Economic Competitiveness Assessment Report 2013 2013 - 2014.
Bulgaria also consistently continues growth and currently occupies the 57th place among the 148 countries in the report, The Global Competitiveness Report 2013 - 2014.
Google Play has officially introduced the Android 4. 0 3 Jelly Bean.
Google has officially introduced Android Android 4. 3 support for Jelly Bean.
Google has officially also introduced Android OS 4. 0 3 Jelly Bean.
Google has officially also introduced Android Android 4. 3 for Jelly Bean.
Google has also recently officially introduced Android 4. 3 and Jelly Bean.
A man was found shot dead drunk in a Fairfield County hotel room has been identified.
A man found dead in a West Fairfield hotel dining room, nothing has been identified.
A man found shot dead, in only a Fairfield hotel room, has been identified.
A man found dead alone in only a Fairfield County hotel room has not been identified.
A man was found and shot dead in a Fairfield hotel room and has been identified.
GeoPark, is planning to seek out such a listing in New York.
GeoPark, is to also help seek a listing location in New York.
GeoPark, is planning to seek such a listing location in New York.
GeoPark, is to also seek out a listing location in New York.
GeoPark, LLC is to seek a new listing office in New York.
Lady Gaga is fighting very hard not to keep crown.
Lady - Gaga who is fighting hard to keep crown.
Lady Lady Lady Gaga is still fighting to keep crown.
Lady Gaga is fighting hard to still keep keep crown.
Lady Gaga is fighting hard to still keep keep crown.
Karachi police, arrested 210 people they accused of during the past three days.
Karachi police, arrested the remaining of 210 accused during the past three days.
Karachi police, arrested 210 accused during all the period past twenty three days.
Karachi police, arrested 210 accused persons during all of the past three days.
Karachi, city of police, arrested 210 accused during the past three days.
It's a tax day.
It's a tax day.
It's a tax day.
It's a tax day.
It's a tax day.
Facebook is retro - designing using the Like button.
Facebook is currently re - designing the Facebook Like button.
Facebook is currently retro - designing the Like button.
Facebook is retro - designing the Facebook Like button.
Facebook is now re - designing using the Like button.
Divers found the dead body of a nearly dead, young boy in the Sandy River.
Divers found the body of a young white West Indian slave boy in the Sandy River.
Divers later found the presumed dead body of a young boy in the Big Sandy River.
Divers found and found included the body parts of a young boy in the Sandy River.
Divers found the body and parts of a young boy drowning in the Big Sandy River.
Craig Zadan and Neil Meron will also return to help executive produce for the 2015 Oscars.
Craig Zadan and Neil Meronijns will return to executive produce the 2015 Oscars.
Craig Zadan, announced he and Neil Patrick Meron will return to produce the 2015 Oscars.
Craig Zadan, and Neil - Patrick Meron will return to executive produce the 2015 Oscars.
Craig Zadan and Neil Patrick Meron will also return to produce for the upcoming 2015 Oscars.
New York : The American stock market is still rising slightly at midday.
New York York York The stock market is still rising slightly at midday.
New York : - The stock market is still rising slightly at midday.
New York : - The stock market rate is rising slightly at midday.
New York York The American stock market rate is rising slightly at midday.
Glanders International Sports Bunkering DMCC is scheduled to announce the promotion.
Glanders International Bunkering Association DMCC is to officially announce the promotion.
Glanders International Bunkering Club DMCC is to announce for the promotion.
Glander International Bunkering DMCC is scheduled today to announce for the promotion.
Glander International Bunkering Association DMCC is to officially announce for the promotion.
He is still alive and so must live.
He who dies is alive so must live.
He is alive and so he must live.
He too is alive and so must live.
He is still alive so he must live.
Toshiba Corp., Japan will start mass - production shipments outboard of T4K71, a 1080p, 1. 12Âµm, CMOS image sensor.
Toshiba International Corp., will also start the mass production shipments of T4K71, a 1080p, 1. 12Âµm, CMOS 3D image sensor.
Toshiba Electric Corp. will start with the first mass production shipments of T4K71, with a 1080p, 1. 12Âµm, CMOS image sensor.
Toshiba Corp. will also start mass - production shipments of the new T4K71, with a 1080p, 1. 12Âµm, CMOS image sensor.
Toshiba Corp., will start the mass production shipments of T4K71, a 1080p, 1. 12Âµm, CMOS, 3D digital image sensor.
A overhauling of international taxation laws is currently proceeding on schedule.
A overhaul of the international taxation is currently proceeding almost on schedule.
A overhaul of international taxation is now proceeding almost exactly on schedule.
A overhaul of the international taxation system is currently proceeding on schedule.
A overhaul of all the international direct taxation is proceeding on schedule.
Danny Amendolas, is ready to play.
Danny Amendola is now ready again to play.
Danny Amendola is also now ready to play.
Danny says Amendola is ready now to play.
Danny and Amendolas is ready to play.
Gwyneth, Paltrow, and Chris Martin, aged 37, are to separate.
Gwyneth Paltrow, John and Chris Martin, 37, are allowed to separate.
Gwyneth, Paltrow, and Sir Chris Martin, aged 37 are to separate.
Gwyneth Paltrow, and Miss Chrissie Anne Martin, 37 are to separate.
Gwyneth Paltrow, 37 and Chris Martin, 37, are allowed to separate.
ASG Group has won an important international outsourcing deal, with Clough.
ASGO Group plc. has won an outsourcing deal with Clough.
ASG Group plc has won an initial investment outsourcing deal with Clough.
ASGO Financial Group has won out an outsourcing deal with Clough.
ASGO Financial Group has won out an outsourcing deal with Clough.
The Mizoram government disowned such company as a company which claimed to be a state government undertaking.
The Mizoram government disowned a company which it had claimed to be not be a government undertaking.
The Mizoram government disowned a company, which claimed it to not actually be a government undertaking.
The South Mizoram state government also disowned a company which it claimed to be a government undertaking.
The Mizoram government also disowned a company which claimed it was to not be a government undertaking.
The Montreal Stock Exchange has recently significantly upgraded its derivative trading platform.
The Montreal Stock Exchange has upgraded its existing derivative derivatives trading platform.
The Montreal Exchange has recently significantly - upgraded its derivative trading platform.
The Montreal Exchange Trading Group has upgraded its existing derivative trading platform.
The Montreal Exchange Group has upgraded to its derivative exchange trading platform.
Twitter Inc. was sued once again for $ 1240 - million by two financial firms.
Twitter Inc., was sued for US $ 124 million each by two different financial firms.
Twitter, Inc., was sued again for $ 1240 million by two financial firms.
Twitter, Inc. was sued for over US US $ 124 million by two financial firms.
Twitter, Inc. was also sued for $ 124 million by the other two financial firms.
Beatrix, the new queen, who has undergone surgery.
Beatrix, the drag queen, has also undergone surgery.
Beatrix, the queen, who has also undergone surgery.
Beatrix, the queen, who has also undergone surgery.
Beatrix, as the queen, has also undergone surgery.
OMED of Nevada, has added more users to its new iQuoteXpress agreement.
OMED of Northern Nevada has added users directly prior to its iQuoteXpress agreement.
OMED, of Nevada, has also added users to its iQuoteXpress agreement.
OMED of Nevada has added users to its already existing Microsoft iQuoteXpress agreement.
OMED of Nevada, in Reno has added users to its iQuoteXpress agreement.
The crisis, I just don't know nuttin.
The crisis, I don't even know nuttin.
The whole crisis, I don't know nuttin.
The whole crisis, I don't know nuttin.
The crisis, and I don't know nuttin.
The Federal International and Airports Authority of Nigeria never approved the Bi - Courtney airport terminal design.
The Federal Airports Authority, of Nigeria never formally formally approved Bi - Air Courtney terminal design.
The then Federal Airports Development Authority of Nigeria never approved the Bijou - Courtney terminal design.
The then Federal Airports Authority and Government of Nigeria never approved Bijou - Courtney terminal design.
The Federal Airports Authority, of Nigeria never has formally formally approved Bi - Courtney terminal design.
Microsoft Corporation products will still make millions from running Microsoft Windows XP.
Microsoft Corporation products will still make the first millions from Windows XP.
Microsoft Corporation will probably probably still make millions from running Windows XP.
Microsoft Corporation will probably still make the first millions from Windows XP.
Microsoft Windows Corporation will probably still make the millions from Windows XP.
NIS America also will be concurrently releasing the Toradora with a Blu - ray.
NISTO America will be also releasing La Toradora with a Blu - ray.
NIS America will be releasing Toradora with not only, a Blu - ray.
NIS America will be releasing the original Toradora with a new Blu - ray.
NIS North America will be also releasing the Toradora with a Blu - ray.
Big Cinemas has also recently entered washroom advertising.
Big Star Cinemas has also entered washroom advertising.
Big Star Cinemas has entered into washroom advertising.
Big Cinemas has entered heavily into washroom advertising.
Big Cinemas also has entered into washroom advertising.
Michael Jackson, who himself has been accused of beating Bubbles.
Michael Jackson himself has been falsely accused of of beating Bubbles.
Michael Jackson has also been falsely accused of physically beating Bubbles.
Michael Jackson has also frequently been accused of of beating Bubbles.
Michael Michael Jackson, has been falsely accused of beating Bubbles.
Two popes each will not officially be canonised.
Two popes each will not officially be canonised.
Two popes will also officially not be canonised.
Two popes from each will officially be canonised.
Two popes each will not officially be canonised.
Vera Bradley, is recalling approximately 98, 000 000 unique stuffed bear rattles, and bunny stuffed toys, posing a choking hazard.
Vera Bradley, is recalling approximately 98, 000 bear rattles, and bunny stuffed toys, thus posing them as a choking hazard.
Vera Bradley is seen recalling approximately 98, 000 stuffed bear rattles and bunny stuffed animal toys, thus posing a potential choking hazard.
Vera - Bradley is recalling approximately $ 98, 000 bear - rattless and other bunny stuffed toys, posing a choking hazard.
Vera - Louise Louise Bradley Bradley is recalling approximately 98, 000 bear - rattles and bunny stuffed toys, posing a choking hazard.
Chow Yun Fat also took in to Macau to help them promote their film Man.
Chow Yun - Fat took in Macau to promote and with him their film Man.
Chow Yun - ho Fat took in Macau fans to promote their new film Man.
Chow Yun Fat took in Macau to help promote it with their new film Man.
Chow and Chow Yun Fat took in photographs to Macau to promote their film Man.
An man later died after he was accidentally set on fire, at the National Mall.
An man died shortly after he accidentally set it himself on fire at the National Mall.
An man died after he was set on fire at near the Grand Cherokee National Mall.
An man died after he was set on fire aimed at half the entire National Mall.
An man died, after what he had set on fire, at the National Mall.
The Olympic torch torch relay has been successfully launched into space.
The very first Olympic Olympic torch has been launched into space.
The US Olympic torch has never been successfully launched into space.
The first Olympic torch has been launched directly back into space.
The first Olympic torch relay has been successfully launched into space.
African governments also need to rein in spending, a senior former senior World Bank economist said.
African Union governments need reforms to rein in spending, a senior World Bank senior economist said.
African Union governments need reforms to rein in spending, a World Developmental Bank economist said.
African governments need to rein themselves in spending, " a former senior World Bank economist said.
African governments also need to rein themselves in spending, a World Bank senior African economist said.
Republics of Northern Ireland Robbie Keane sat out training.
Republic of Ireland Robbie and Keane had sat out training.
Republic of Robbie Keane there sat carrying - out training.
Republics of Northern Ireland Robbie Keane sat out training.
Republics of Ireland and Robbie Keane sat out training.
Tamil Nadu Government today unveiled a new industrial and development policy, signed and signed with the Vision 2023 document.
Tamil Nadu The State State Government today unveiled a new industrial development policy, and the Vision for 2023 document.
Tamil Nadu State State Government today has unveiled a comprehensive new industrial development policy, and the Vision 2023 document.
Tamil Nadu Government today has also unveiled a comprehensive new industrial policy, and the National Vision for 2023 document.
Tamil Nadu Government today has unveiled, both a new industrial policy, vision and the Vision for 2023 document.
The ruling BJP party only makes promises while the Congress delivers.
The ruling BJP makes no promises, while the Congress delivers.
The then ruling BJP makes promises while only the Congress delivers.
The BJP then makes promises, while the National Congress delivers.
The BJP also makes promises while only the National Congress delivers.
Valletta today has announced a large number of new initiatives available for supporters.
Valletta today announced with a large number of new new initiatives for supporters.
Valletta today announced a large - number of brand new initiatives for supporters.
Valletta has today announced a number of number of new initiatives for supporters.
Valletta has today announced a number of new fundraising and initiatives for supporters.
Water supply will not directly be affected.
Water - supply will not be affected.
Water - supply will not be affected.
Water supply will not directly be affected.
Water supply and infrastructure will be affected.
Clark County commissioners rejected accepting a $ $ 400, 000 000 state loan.
Clarkston County commissioners rejected a previously proposed $ 400, 000 state loan.
Clark County tax commissioners rejected a $ $ $ 400, 000 state loan.
Clark County commissioners rejected accepting a $ 400, 000 emergency federal state loan.
Clarkston County commissioners rejected a $ 400, 000 000 in state loan.
Gareth Barry believes a very narrow draw match was the fairest result.
Gareth - Barry believes strongly that a draw was the fairest result.
Gareth - Barry believes a close draw was not the fairest result.
Gareth Barry believes that a draw match was not the fairest result.
Gareth Owen - Barry believes a close draw was the fairest result.
Key national interest - rates would also remain at current levels.
Key national interest rates would also remain at their current levels.
Key interest rates also would remain at their respective current levels.
Key interest - rates would remain constant at their current levels.
Key national interest rates also would remain at their current levels.
Ambulance response and response times will improve.
Ambulance response times also, will improve.
Ambulance response response times also will improve.
Ambulance - response response times will improve.
Ambulances response response times will improve.
The Big - Ten Conference revealed both its logo and division names.
The Big Ten revealed its logo and its current athletic division names.
The new Big Ten revealed both its new logo and division names.
The Big Ten also revealed both its logo and its division names.
The new Big Ten also officially revealed its logo and division names.
John Wall is apparently also not happy.
John the Wallaby is not happy.
John Paul Wallach is not happy.
John the Wall is also not happy.
John Wallach is also not happy.
Zywave Inc., LLC has sold its life insurance division.
Zywave Inc. has sold off its entire life insurance division.
Zywave, Inc. has since sold off its insurance division.
Zywave Inc. has long - since sold its insurance division.
Zywave, Inc., has since sold its insurance division.
David Bowie is preparing music after collaborating extensively with the Arcade Fire.
David Bowie, is preparing after collaborating with the band Arcade Fire.
David Bowie, is preparing, after collaborating again with Arcade Fire.
David David Bowie, is preparing after collaborating previously with Arcade Fire.
David Bowie is preparing, after collaborating previously with the Arcade Fire.
The new solar carbon capture plant and storage project is nearing completion.
The carbon capture power plant and pumped storage project is nearing completion.
The new carbon dioxide capture and carbon storage project is nearing completion.
The carbon capture and carbon storage facility project is currently nearing completion.
The carbon capture and storage plant project itself is currently nearing completion.
LL Bean has recalled not having cottage cheese step stools removed due to a fall hazard.
LL Bean has recalled cottage step stools due to being a very heavy snow fall hazard.
LL Beans has recalled cottage step stools, due to them being a fall hazard.
LLB Bean has recalled having cottage step stools removed due to being a fall hazard.
LL Bean has also recalled not having cottage step stools removed due to a fall hazard.
The new hand - - held, retro - chargeable ozone monitor detects.
The brand - new hand held, re - activated chargeable ozone monitor detects.
The new hand - - held, fully re - chargeable ozone monitor detects.
The brand - new, hand held, re - chargeable ozone monitor detects.
The brand new hand held, and fully re - chargeable ozone monitor detects.
Goldcorp aimed to increase lift output by about 50 % annually over the the next two years.
Goldcorp Limited has aimed to lift its output by about 50 % over the next two years.
Goldcorp aimed instead to reduce lift output by dropping only about 50 % over the two years.
Goldcorp aimed to gradually increase lift output by only about 50 % over over the two years.
Goldcorp also aimed to lift output by about 50 % over the next next twenty two years.
A young Webster County man, was also killed, in a motorcycle crash in Nicholas County.
A former Webster County police man was also reported killed in a motorcycle crash in Nicholas County.
A Webster County police man, was killed, in a motorcycle crash, in Nicholas County.
A single former Webster County police man was killed in a motorcycle crash while in Nicholas County.
A Webster County man was later also killed in a motorcycle crash, while in Nicholas County.
An abandoned Indian oil tanker seized by Iran, India has been allowed to leave.
An Indian oil tanker, seized by Iran, has been allowed permission to leave.
An unnamed Indian tanker, seized by the Iran has been not allowed to leave.
An Indian Navy oil tanker, seized by the Iran has been allowed to leave.
An Indian Navy oil - tanker seized by Iran has been allowed permission to leave.
Excess liquidity globally is increasingly driving the global private equity markets.
Excess liquidity globally, is now also driving the equity markets.
Excessive liquidity demand globally is also driving the equity markets.
Excessive market liquidity globally is driving the private equity markets.
Excess liquidity globally, it is driving the private equity markets.
Media General is buying LINE Media in a deal that is reportedly worth only about $ 1. 6 billion.
Media Media - General is buying LINE Media in a deal reportedly reportedly worth about $ 1. 6 billion.
Media General is considering buying LIN Media in 2013 a deal worth of about US $ $ 1. 6 billion.
Media General is buying LIN Media Group in 2013 a deal worth about US $ $ US 1. 6 billion.
Media General is buying LINE Media in a deal worth of about $ US $ US 1. 6 billion.
It really is just not nice.
It is all just not nice.
It really is just not nice.
It is just... not nice.
It just is so not nice.
Memphis Made & Brewing Co., will debut its first two brands.
Memphis Home - Made Brewing Co. will debut its first two brands.
Memphis Made Brewing Co., will also debut with its two brands.
Memphis Made Brewing Co. will debut its own and first two brands.
Memphis Home - Made Brewing Co. will debut its first two brands.
The End How much more time have you wasted living on Facebook.
The How much time have for you you have wasted on Facebook.
The End : How much time have had you wasted on Facebook.
The Very End How much time have had you wasted on Facebook.
The End How much time could have you getting wasted on Facebook.
Why the youth advisory council should vote.
Why, the American youth should vote.
Why, the youth council should vote.
Why, maybe the youth should vote.
Why the American youth population should vote.
That means, so which members of this great old Newcastle quintet should feel is the most hard done by.
That means, so which member of this Newcastle based blues quintet should feel most is very hard done by.
That means, so, which members of this great Newcastle blues quintet should feel most is hard done by.
That, he means, and so, which of this Newcastle quintet I should feel most hard done by.
That means, so, which member of this Newcastle quintet I should feel most very hard - done by.
I'm so not not playing with a trophy wife.
I certainly'm not not playing a jealous trophy wife.
I'm so not playing with a fucking trophy wife.
I'm so not not into playing a trophy wife.
I'm so not playing with a fucking trophy wife.
Edie Sheeran has released a new video for When Only I Could See Fire.
Ed Sheeran, has also released a new music video clip for I See Fire.
Ed Sheeran, has released him a brand new video clip for I See Fire.
Edi Sheeran has released a brand new music - video for I See Fire.
Ed Sheeran, has also released him a new video for I Can See Fire.
Police foiled a bid to demolish just such a Hindu Buddhist temple under the Nachole upazila.
Police foiled a bid to demolish such a Hindu Buddhist temple, located under Nachole upazila.
Police foiled a bid to have police forcibly demolish a Hindu temple located under Nachole upazila.
Police have foiled such a bidder seeking to demolish a Hindu temple under Nachole upazila.
Police foiled such plans with a bid to demolish a Hindu temple under the Nachole upazila.
A man was then taken to hospital after which he too was tasered.
A man was taken to to a hospital after he himself was tasered.
A man who was being taken to hospital died after he was tasered.
A man was later taken to hospital after which he himself was tasered.
A young man was taken to to a hospital after he was tasered.
Malaysia and Japan have both also agreed to give the commitment towards strengthening the second wave of implementing the new New Look North East Policy.
Malaysia and Japan have agreed to mutually not give up the commitment towards strengthening the existing second - wave component of the Look East Policy.
Malaysia and Japan have agreed to both countries give the same commitment towards strengthening the second wave component and of implementing the Look East Policy.
Malaysia and Japan would also have mutually mutually agreed to give the same commitment towards strengthening the second wave component of the Look East Policy.
Malaysia and Japan also have agreed to give the commitment points towards further strengthening of " the second - wave of the Look East Policy.
Kanye West, III was born.
Kanye West, III was born.
Kanye West III, was born.
Kanye West West III was born.
Kanye West III, was born.
General Johnson and Gregoire Abbott will visit both Abilene and Brownwood.
General Johnson, and Gregoire Abbott will visit Abilene and Brownwood.
General and Greg Abbotts will visit both in Abilene and Brownwood.
General and Gregal Abbotts will visit both Abilene and Brownwood.
General and Deputy CEO Greg Abbott will visit Abilene, and Brownwood.
Severe winter weather is sweeping through almost all the southern states.
Severe soil weathering is sweeping through the many southern states.
Severe weather is also sweeping down through the many southern states.
Severe weather is still sweeping through all the many southern states.
Severe weather is sweeping through the country very many southern states.
The City of Carroll is also currently hosting its first ever official national youth triathlon.
The Loyola University City Community College of Carroll is hosting its first ever youth triathlon.
The City of Mount Carroll is hosting annually its very first - ever youth triathlon.
The City of Carrollton is also hosting of its very first ever youth triathlon.
The City College of Carroll is hosting its first - ever ever collegiate youth triathlon.
Brianna McDermott will return home at the Leeds United.
Brianne and McDermott will return at the Leeds United.
Brianne McDermott will also return home at Leeds United.
Brian McDermott will return home at both the Leeds United.
Brian McDermott will also return at the new Leeds United.
Pakistan Railways also has recovered stolen track worth of about Rs. 9 million.
Pakistan - National Railways Department has recovered stolen track worth Rs. 9 million.
Pakistan National Railways Department has recovered stolen track equipment worth Rs. 9 million.
Pakistan Railways has recovered the stolen track worth about Rs. - 9 million.
Pakistan Railways has recovered stolen railway track equipment worth Rs.. 9 million.
Martin and Scorsese was also honoured at the the 2012 Los Angeles County Museum of Art.
Martin and Martin Scorsese was honoured at both and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art.
Martini, and Scorsese was honoured at the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Martin Scorsese, who was later also honoured at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art.
Martini and Scorsese was also honoured at the Royal Los Angeles County Museum of Art.
Department submits its report on NSEL 2014 financial crisis to the US ED probe panel.
Department also submits its final report on NSEL crisis situation to EDD probe panel.
Department submits its final report on NSEL crisis management situation report to ED probe panel.
Department submits its report on the NSEL financial crisis report to EDO probe panel.
Department C also submits its report on NSEL crisis situation to the ED probe panel.
DeLaet tied second at The Barclays, thus setting a brand new career high.
DeLaet was then also tied second at The Barclays, a new career high.
DeLaet tied second at The Barclays, setting up a then new career high.
DeLaet finished tied for second at The Barclays, a new career career high.
DeLaet was also tied second at The London Barclays, a new career high.
Cheteshwar Pujara has also been ranked at the 8th position as a very very very good venture investment option in sports.
Cheteshwar Pujara has been consistently ranked at the 8th position as a good investment option and option management option in sports.
Cheteshwar Pujara has been ranked at only the joint 8th - highest position as being a good investment option in sports.
Cheteshwar Pujara has been ranked as at about the equal 8th position as being a good new investment option in sports.
Cheteshwar Pujara Stadium has been ranked at the 8th best position as a a very very good investment option in sports.
A Shell Rock County woman has been hurt in such as a crash.
A Shell Rock woman has been badly hurt, badly in a crash.
A Shelly Rock woman has been badly badly hurt in a crash.
A Shell Rock County woman has been badly hurt, in a crash.
A Shell Rock County woman who has been hurt in such a crash.
Timmy Hudson made it his very first start since breaking his ankle.
Tim Hudson made his very first career start since breaking up his ankle.
Tim Hudson made his first start since first, breaking open his ankle.
Tim Hudson also made it his very first start since breaking his ankle.
Tim Hudson also made his first start, since breaking up his ankle.
Turkish oil assets fell.
Turkish oil assets fell.
Turkish oil assets fell.
Turkish oil assets fell.
Turkish oil assets fell.
Thieves had targeted all three vehicles.
Thieves also targeted the three vehicles.
Thieves had also targeted three vehicles.
Thieves targeted at all three vehicles.
Thieves had targeted all three vehicles.
A weekend summit calling for world - peace talks in Chicago is beginning.
A new weekend summit calling for peace talks in downtown Chicago is beginning.
A new weekend summit calling for peace talks held in Chicago is beginning.
A weekend summit, calling out for peace talks in Chicago is beginning.
A new weekend summit meeting calling for peace in Chicago, is beginning.
A third man was after being accused of sexually holding a woman held hostage at knifepoint.
A man was also arrested after being falsely accused of holding a woman hostage at knifepoint.
A young black man who was after being accused, of holding a woman at knifepoint.
A man was arrested after allegedly being accused of allegedly holding a young woman at knifepoint.
A man was after being found, accused of holding a young pregnant woman at knifepoint.
A British woman who was jailed for illegally trolling herself online on Facebook.
A British transgender woman was later also jailed for trolling herself on Facebook.
A British transgender woman was jailed twice for trolling herself online on Facebook.
A British woman was jailed for illegally and illegally trolling herself on Facebook.
A young young British woman was jailed twice for trolling herself on Facebook.
A convicted habitual felon has been sentenced to spend almost exactly 18 years imprisonment in prison.
A convicted or habitual felon has been repeatedly sentenced to almost 18 years imprisonment in prison.
A habitual felon who has been repeatedly sentenced to spend almost 18½ years in prison.
A habitual felon who has been sentenced to spend almost exactly 18 years imprisonment in prison.
A habitual felon who has been sentenced annually to spend almost 18 years spent in prison.
Northwest Ohio Fire Protection District responded to the two motorcycle accidents.
Northwest Ohio Fire Protection School District responded to two motorcycle accidents.
Northwest Fire District has responded to only the two motorcycle accidents.
Northwest Fire Protection School District has responded to two motorcycle accidents.
Northwest Ohio Volunteer Fire District responded to two fatal motorcycle accidents.
Elton John himself is being constantly lined up and up for a fight scene in new movie.
Elton John, is being lined up for a big fight scene in his upcoming new movie.
Elton John, is also being lined up again for a fight scene scene in new movie.
Elton John says John is being lined up for a fight scene, in a new movie.
Elton John is being lined - up for a fight scene in yet a brand new movie.
Invensys, has since also acquired InduSoft.
Invensys, LLC has also acquired InduSoft.
Invensys, has since also acquired InduSoft.
Invensys, LLC has also acquired InduSoft.
Invensys, LLC has also acquired InduSoft.
Hanley Ramirez, had jammed his shoulder.
Hanley had Ramirez jammed on his shoulder.
Hanley Ramirez had already jammed his shoulder.
Hanley Ramirez was jammed on his shoulder.
Hanley and Detective Ramirez jammed his shoulder.
The Lancaster Barnstormers will now host only their third - annual job fair.
The new Lancaster County Barnstormers Center will host their third annual job fair.
The Lancaster Barnstormers will also host their own third annual regional job fair.
The new company Greater Lancaster Barnstormers will host their third annual job fair.
The Lancaster County Barnstormers will also annually host their third annual job fair.
John Kerry warned Iraq it risked destabilization coming in from extremists.
John Kerry warned that northern Iraq risked destabilization especially from extremists.
John John F Kerry warned Iraq risked economic destabilization from extremists.
John Kerry also has warned Iraq risked economic destabilization from extremists.
John Kerry warned Iraq it risked destabilization coming in from extremists.
Earl and Ray Tomblin signed the first municipal gun control bill into law.
Earl and Ray Tomblin signed the municipal and municipal gun bill into law.
Earl Ray Tomblin signed, passing the first municipal gun bill into law.
Earl and Ray Tomblin signed all the municipal gun control bill into law.
Earl Ray Tomblin signed all the proposed municipal gun control bill into law.
Jerry Jones also regrets not firing Tom Landry.
Jerry Jones regrets firing manager, Tom Landry.
Jerry Lee Jones also regrets firing Tom Landry.
Jerry Lee - Jones regrets firing Tom Landry.
Jerry Jones regrets not ever firing Tom Landry.
A young youth, one who had committed a suicide, was sodomised by his four friends.
A youth, one who by himself had committed suicide, was sodomised by his four friends.
A young youth, one who had committed suicide was sodomised by all of his four friends.
A youth, who had just as recently recently committed suicide was sodomised by his four friends.
A young youth, who had committed a suicide was sodomised by his two other four friends.
Singapore shares prices were ended flat.
Singaporean shares were ended flat.
Singaporean shares were ended flat.
Singapore shares prices were ended flat.
Singaporean equity shares ended flat.
An investment banking guru, he was busted for allegedly smuggling out a knife through LaGuardia Airport to security, officials said.
An investment banking guru, was busted for smuggling out of a steak knife through to LaGuardia Airport security, officials said.
An alleged investment guru, who was busted for smuggling out a knife after knife through LaGuardia Airport security, officials said.
An alleged investment guru, he was also busted for smuggling a knife through LaGuardia Airport security, the airport officials said.
An American investment guru, was busted for smuggling of half a dozen knife through LaGuardia Airport security, airport officials said.
George and Michael has topped all the major UK album charts.
George and Michael has also topped the UK pop album charts.
George and Michael has topped all of the UK album charts.
George Michael has topped the major major label UK album charts.
George Michael has topped almost virtually all the UK album charts.
A road - bridge was temporarily closed after a crash.
A toll road was closed off immediately after a crash.
A nearby road - bridge was closed after a crash.
A road bridge was closed down after such a crash.
A toll road was temporarily closed down after a crash.
Manmohan Singh, will also share the stage with actor Narendra Modi.
Manmohan Singh will also be also share the stage with Narendra Modi.
Manmohan Singh, who will also share the stage with Narendra Modi.
Manmohan Singh, will share lead in the stage with Narendra Modi.
Manmohan Singh will share in the stage 1 win with Narendra Modi.
Chrissy Riley, is to also remain at Wakefield.
Chris Riley is expected to also remain based at Wakefield.
Chris Riley is expected to also remain permanently at Wakefield.
Chris Riley is to also temporarily remain based at Wakefield.
Chris Riley, is allowed to remain on at Wakefield.
Sandra Bullock also played a dirty gypsy street - child in both her mother's operas.
Sandra Bullock also played a very, dirty gypsy child, in her mother's operas.
Sandra Bullock played a very dirty, gypsy child, in her own mother's operas.
Sandra Bullock played as a dirty gypsy street child in almost all her mother's operas.
Sandra Bullock played a dirty, gypsy child in all of her late mother's operas.
Garden Grove seniors are invited to celebrate on their own Mother's Day birthday with a event.
Gardener Grove seniors are also often invited to celebrate Mother's Day along with a event.
Gardener Grove seniors also are invited together to help celebrate Mother's Day with a event.
Gardener and Grove seniors also are invited to celebrate Mother's Day with such a event.
Garden Grove Academy seniors are invited to celebrate their Mother's Day birthdays with a event.
VEIL OF THE MAYA has retro - signed with the Sumerian Records.
VEIL OF THE MAYA has re - signed signed with the Sumerian Records.
VEIL OF MAYA Records has retro - signed her with Sumerian Records.
VEIL OF THE MAYA has re - signed her contract with Sumerian Records.
VEIL OF MAYA has retroactive - signed her with Sumerian Records.
Case Keenum will start at the quarterback position for both the Houston Texans.
Case Keenum will start at quarterback for both the expansion and Houston Texans.
Case Keenum will start in 2018 at backup quarterback for the Houston Texans.
Case Keenum will start at the starting backup quarterback for the Houston Texans.
Case Keenum will also start at quarterback position for both the Houston Texans.
Floyd - Mayweather - - is more open to fighting Amir Khan in the future.
Floyd Mayweather is open - up to be fighting Amir Ali Khan in the future.
Floydian Mayweather III is open to fighting against Amir Khan sometime in the future.
Floyd Mayweather himself is more open to actively fighting against Amir Khan in the future.
Floyd - Floyd Mayweather is open to fighting Amir - Khane in the future.
Adama Jacobs and actress Courtney Lee Reed, who co - starred together as Aladdin, will reprise.
Adama Jacobs and Courtney Lee Reed, both who co - starred as Aladdin, also will reprise.
Adam Jacobs and Courtney Reed, who co - co - starred as Aladdin, respectively also will reprise.
Adam Scott - Jacobson and Courtney Reed, who co - starred as King Aladdin, will reprise.
Adama Jacobs and actress, Courtney Reed, who co - starred as Prince Aladdin, will reprise.
Homes, originally for sale in Sunnyvale, are now listed by using the name Transaction Engineers company.
Homes for sale in Sunnyvale, are all now listed buildings owned by the United Transaction Engineers company.
Homes for public sale in Sunnyvale, are now listed by the Australian National Transactional Engineers company.
Homes, for sale in Sunnyvale, California are all now listed separately by the Transaction Engineers company.
Homes, for public sale in Sunnyvale, are now listed buildings by the United Transaction Engineers company.
Social - media - content management company HootSuite LLC. has raised an $ 165 million.
Social - media - management company HootSuite has raised just over an estimated $ 165 million.
Social - media - management company, HootSuite has raised over an estimated $ 165 million.
Social - media - management company, HootSuite has raised over an $ estimated 165 million.
Social - media - management company HootSuite has raised over half an US $ 165 million.
TV pitchman Kevin James Trudeau was also ordered sent to jail.
TV pitchman Kevin Trudeaux was also ordered sent to jail.
TVB pitchman Kevin Trudeau was also ordered sent to jail.
TV pitchman, Kevin Trudeau, also was ordered to jail.
TV Guide pitchman, Kevin Trudeau, was ordered to jail.
A woman who now shares her homeroom with 50 other skunks says.
A young woman who now shares her homeroom with 50 skunks says.
A woman, one who shares her own home with 50 skunks says.
A woman who shares space in her own home with 50 skunks says.
A woman who now shares her own home with 50 other skunks says.
Nitish Kumar Kumar decried the chief blame gamer over Kishtwar communal strife.
Nitish Kumar decried that the Indian blame game over Kishtwar and communal strife.
Nitish Kumar Kumar also decried the blameless game over Kishtwar communal strife.
Nitish Kumar Kumar decried the blame gamer over Kishtwar and communal strife.
Nitish Kumar Kumar decried the blame game over Kishtwars and communal strife.
A former French mayor has refused permission to legally marry a lesbian couple.
A French mayor who has refused to marry a beautiful young lesbian couple.
A French mayor has refused to officially marry her to a lesbian couple.
A French mayor who has refused to marry a openly gay lesbian couple.
A French city mayor has refused to ever legally marry a lesbian couple.
A fish feed mill has been recently started being inaugurated at Prampram.
A fish feed - processing mill complex has been inaugurated at Prampram.
A fish feed mill project has recently also been inaugurated at Prampram.
A brand new fish feed mill complex has been inaugurated at Prampram.
A new fish and feed mill has been recently inaugurated at Prampram.
A very recently retired West Chicago sergeant has died, two weeks he was shot dead during a planned home invasion.
A retired West Chicago police sergeant has died, two weeks he was shot during a poorly planned American home invasion.
A recently retired Chicago sergeant has died, two of consecutive weeks he was shot dead during a planned home invasion.
A retired Chicago police sergeant who has died, two weeks later after he was shot during planning a home invasion.
A retired Chicago police sergeant who has died, two weeks he was shot brain - dead during a home invasion.
Three Ports Control Authority officers have filed a federal civil lawsuit seeking damages to overturn promotions.
Three former Port Authority officers have filed for a pending civil federal lawsuit seeking to overturn promotions.
Three Port Authority officers have also filed for a federal civil rights lawsuit seeking to overturn promotions.
Three Port Authority officers, two who have filed a pending federal lawsuit seeking to overturn promotions.
Three Ports Authority officers have filed for a federal lawsuit seeking ways to successfully overturn promotions.
Bhaag Milkha Bhaag Hain was screened only in Saudi Arabia.
Bhaag Ki Milkha Bhaag was also being screened in Saudi Arabia.
Bhaag Milkha - Bhaagya was screened in the Saudi Arabia.
Bhaag - Milkha Bhaag was screened exclusively overseas in Saudi Arabia.
Bhaag Milkha Bhaag was later on also screened in Saudi Arabia.
The Brooklyn Nets will also be holding their spring training camp at nearby, Duke University.
The 2019 Brooklyn Nets team will be holding their training camp at the new Duke University.
The Brooklyn Dodgers Nets will be also holding their training - camp at nearby Duke University.
The Brooklyn Nets will also be holding their training camp camp held annually at Duke University.
The Brooklyn Nets team will be holding out for during their training camp at Duke University.
Phil Kessel was later also absent from practice.
Philly Kessel was also absent from practice.
Philly Kessel was absentee from practice.
Philo Kessel was absentee from practice.
Phil Kesselringer was absent from practice.
Elle Macpherson has since married her then former boyfriend Jeffrey Soffer in Fiji.
Elle Macpherson, has married with her boyfriend Jeffrey Soffer, in Fiji.
Elle Macpherson has recently married her boyfriend Jeffrey John - Soffer in Fiji.
Elle Macpherson has recently married her boyfriend, Jeffrey John Soffer in Fiji.
Ellery Macpherson has married her then longtime boyfriend Jeffrey Soffer in Fiji.
Russia will also eventually only send two ships to the east Mediterranean.
Russia also, it will send two ships to the east Mediterranean.
Russia, also will send two more ships to the east Mediterranean.
Russia also will send two more ships to the north east Mediterranean.
Russia will send two ships directly outbound to the east Mediterranean.
Umar Akmal has also not been declared fit.
Umar bin Akmal has been declared declared fit.
Umar bin Akmali has been declared fit.
Umar Akmali has been declared declared fit.
Umar Akmali, has been declared fit.
Vijayan had not informed the cabinet members about almost all of the facts of the deal.
Vijayankar had also not informed the Indian cabinet about all facts required of the deal.
Vijayan had also not as yet informed the cabinet members about all facts of the deal.
Vijayan had not informed the Indian cabinet about all the facts being required of the deal.
Vijayan had still had to not informed the cabinet about all facts yet of the deal.
Ghana remains as such a favourable investment destination.
Ghana also remains a favourable foreign investment destination.
Ghana also remains a favourable foreign investment destination.
Ghana remains a favourable foreign direct investment destination.
Ghana also remains a very favourable investment destination.
Hillary Clinton may run, telling her she was pregnant and was considering all different kinds kind - of of decisions about her future.
Hillary thought Clinton may run, telling she she was and was considering all the very different different kinds of decisions about her future.
Hillary - Clinton may run, telling she was and she was considering making all kinds of of decisions - especially about her future.
Hillary Clinton may have run, telling everyone she really was and was - considering all those kinds of decisions - about her future.
Hillary thought Hillary Clinton just may run, telling she was and was considering all kinds - of decisions - about running her future.
The main Western Australian market is trading flat.
The Australian market economy today is trading flat.
The Australian stock - market is trading flat.
The Western Australian market is a trading flat.
The Australian stock - market is trading flat.
YPO Sora would strike back with just a win, over PSC.
YPO saw Sora strike back with a winless margin over PSC.
YPO Sora would strike them back with just a win over PSC.
YPO Sora would strike back with just a win away over PSC.
YPO Sora strike back with a convincing win away win over PSC.
Boston will be tested, right, right off the bat.
Boston fans will be tested right there, off the bat.
Boston will be being drug tested, right off the bat.
Boston will be tested right there, off of the bat.
Boston will be tested, right off top of the bat.
Concept Laser Technology has also opened a new technology development center.
Conception Laser has opened a new brand new development center.
Concept Laser Technology has also recently opened a new development center.
Concept Laser has opened up a new brand new development center.
Concept Laser has most recently also opened a new development center.
A report ranks from the top domestic airlines.
A similar report drew ranks from domestic airlines.
A report made of ranks from domestic airlines.
A report made of ranks from domestic airlines.
A similar report drew ranks from domestic airlines.
A boy is in a critical health condition after accidentally being struck down by a car.
A boy is later left in a very critical condition after being struck by a car.
A boy is placed back in critical health condition after being struck by such a car.
A boy, who is in critical condition after being accidentally struck down by a car.
A young boy who is in a critical condition after accidentally being struck by a car.
The Russian opposition party leader, Alexeievich Alexei Navalny, has been jailed.
The former Russian opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, has also recently been jailed.
The former Russian military opposition leader, Admiral Alexei Navalny, has been jailed.
The former Russian opposition leader, Alexeievich Navalny, also has been jailed.
The former Russian opposition party leader, Admiral Alexei Navalny, has been jailed.
Sean and Weatherspoon returned home to practice.
Seanna and Weatherspoon returned to practice.
Sean Weatherspoon returned to home to practice.
Sean Weatherspoon returned home early to practice.
Sean and Matt Weatherspoon returned to practice.
Harry - O Kane was buzzing after first scoring his goal at White and Hart Lane.
Harry Kanell fans was buzzing after finally scoring his goal at the White Hart Lane.
Harry O Kane was buzzing around London after scoring his goal at White and Hart Lane.
Harry Kanellu was still buzzing after scoring his first goal at White Hart Lane.
Harry Kane was buzzing after seeing him finally scoring his first goal at White Hart Lane.
A doctor falsely accused him of sexual assault and pleaded not guilty.
A female doctor accused of sexual or sexual assault pleaded not guilty.
A doctor accused of sexual assault pleaded to a jury not guilty.
A doctor accused of sexual assault also later pleaded a not guilty.
A doctor accused of a federal sexual assault conviction pleaded not guilty.
Denver coach, Head Coach John Fox was taken to a hospital.
Denver coach, John Foxx was taken to see a hospital.
Denver Broncos coach, Johnnie Fox was taken to a hospital.
Denver coach, Johnnie Fox was then taken to a hospital.
Denver coach John Fox was also taken to see in a hospital.
Free flu shots will also also be given.
Freesed flu shots also will be given.
Free fluff free shots will be given.
Free flu shots also, will be given.
Free flu shots will also also be given.
Barack - Obama administration has signed up the $ 1. 1 trillion spending bill.
Barack - Obama has signed the US $ 1. 1 trillion federal spending bill.
Barack Obama has signed on the $ 1. 2 1 trillion federal spending bill.
Barack Obama also recently has signed the $ 1. 1 trillion federal spending bill.
Barack Obama also has signed on to the $ 1. 1 trillion spending bill.
The state Senate has recently also passed a bill authorizing two more speed cameras in the city.
The state and Senate has passed a separate bill authorizing more high speed cameras in the city.
The state Senate has also passed a bill authorizing more speed dial television cameras in the city.
The Senate has also passed on a bill authorizing more speed cameras be installed in the city.
The Washington state State Senate has passed a bill authorizing two more speed cameras in the city.
The very very very best things in life aren't free.
The best of things left in my life aren't free.
The best damn little things in my life aren't free.
The very very best things left in life aren't free.
The two best things in my entire life aren't free.
World War - II Z incites a zombie run brain craving feeding frenzy.
World War Z incites zombie - run brain cravings and feeding frenzy.
World War Z incites zombie runaway brainwash - craving feeding frenzy.
World War Z incites zombie - like zombie run brain craving feeding frenzy.
World War Z also incites zombie runaway brain craving and feeding frenzy.
The Nanticoke Junior High High High School girls won the 9th - - grade basketball championship.
The Nanticoke Junior Senior High School girls won in 2006 the state 9th grade basketball championship.
The Nanticoke Junior High School team for girls won also the 9th - grade basketball championship.
The Nanticoke Junior High School varsity girls team won the state 9th - grade basketball championship.
The East Side Nanticoke Junior High School girls won in the state 9th grade basketball championship.
I covered the online loan, australia, no fax.
I have covered online loan australia, but no fax.
I covered online loan, no australia, no fax.
I covered online no loan, no australia no fax.
I covered the online student loan australia, no fax.
This is a payday loan, illinois rollover or refinance had.
This type is payday loan illinois ( rollover or refinance had.
This payday or loan of illinois is rollover or refinance had.
This is payday loan illinois, rollover, or refinance had.
This payday or other loan is illinois rollover or refinance had.
But, the only scholarship essay and writing help is.
But not all the scholarship and essay writing help is.
But the only scholarship essay writing that can help is.
But the way that scholarship essay writing will help is.
But maybe the scholarship essay writing will really help is.
None can have any real real faith in Narendra Modi.
None can have any faith, except in Narendra Modi.
None else can ever have faith in the Narendra Modi.
None else here can have any faith in Narendra Modi.
None can have faith in the great great Narendra Modi.
Ukraine must also meet all its commitments.
Ukraine also, must meet its commitments.
Ukraine must meet with all its commitments.
Ukraine itself also must meet its commitments.
Ukraine also, must meet its commitments.
Pune FC then bounced back back back to winning ways.
Pune City FC bounced back and back to winning ways.
Pune City FC bounced back back to their winning ways.
Pune FC bounced back to continue their title winning ways.
Pune FC bounced back back to continue their winning ways.
Citizen Eye - Watch Co. Ltd has tapped Kelly Clarkson.
Citizen Watch Publishing Group & Co. has tapped Kelly Clarkson.
Citizen - National Watch Co. has tapped out Kelly Clarkson.
Citizen Watchers Publishing Co. has also tapped Kelly Clarkson.
Citizen Watch Co. Ltd. has also tapped Kelly Clarkson.
A very small, international team of UN chemical weapons experts left their Damascus hotel.
A team of UN chemical weapons experts had left their most beloved, Damascus hotel.
A small team consisting of UN chemical weapons experts left Damascus for their Damascus hotel.
A team of five UN chemical weapons safety experts left their most beloved Damascus hotel.
A team consisting of UN and US chemical weapons experts left for their Damascus hotel.
Tila, Tequila, took to officially announce she's pregnant.
Tila Tequila took to publicly publicly announce that she's pregnant.
Tila and Tequila I took to officially announce she's pregnant.
Tila Tequila took to officially officially announce that she's pregnant.
Tila Tequila also took time to announce that she's pregnant.
JeffreyGroups programming will be focused primarily on Latin America.
JeffreyGroups'programming will be focused on Latin America.
JeffreyGroup will also be focused more on developing Latin America.
JeffreyGroup will also be becoming more focused on Latin America.
JeffreyGroups will also be focused on developing Latin America.
Highwoods Financial Properties Inc issued statements on its own FY14 earnings guidance.
Highwoods Financial Properties Inc issued on its own in FY14 earnings guidance.
Highwoods Financial Services & Properties Inc issued on its FY14 earnings guidance.
Highwoods Properties Inc issued on Twitter in its annual FY14 earnings guidance.
Highwoods Properties Inc issued on Twitter in its FY14 annual earnings guidance.
An American inmate escaped from under a prison work release program.
An American inmate escaped from a prison work - release program.
An American inmate escaped from under a prison work release program.
An American prison inmate has escaped from a work release program.
An American inmate escaped from a work force - release program.
Air Force of India, is likely to successfully successfully complete the work to join the Star Alliance this summer.
Air Force India is likely to complete all the necessary work to officially join the Lone Star Alliance this summer.
Air Force of India is likely to complete the necessary preparatory work to join the Lone Star Alliance this summer.
Air India is likely to complete the necessary work necessary now to officially join the Lone Star Alliance this summer.
Air India is likely to complete all aspects of the necessary work necessary to join the Star Alliance this summer.
The Gambia reopened its former international border borders with Senegal.
The Gambia also reopened its borders together again with Senegal.
The Gambia reopened its borders, together again with Senegal.
The Gambia has also reopened along its borders with Senegal.
The Upper Gambia also reopened its international borders with Senegal.
Hungary is now ready to send chemical experts and experts back to Syria.
Hungary also is ready enough to send its chemical and experts to Syria.
Hungary is ready to send its chemical and other biological experts to Syria.
Hungary also is ready to help send chemical and experts back to Syria.
Hungary is ready to help send chemical and biological experts back to Syria.
Tamar Braxton performed on it live at the 2013 iTunes Festival.
Tamar and Braxton performed at at least the 2013 iTunes Festival.
Tamar Braxton also performed at at least the 2013 iTunes Festival.
Tamar Braxton also performed at the June, 2013 iTunes Festival.
Tamar Braxton performed it live again at the 2013 iTunes Festival.
NASCAR unveiled a revamped fuel - penalty system.
NASCAR has also unveiled a revamped penalty system.
NASCAR also unveiled a completely revamped penalty system.
NASCAR unveiled a revamped fuel - penalty system.
NASCAR unveiled also a revamped time penalty system.
The new British national pensions scheme is still undersubscribed.
The new national pension scheme scheme is however still undersubscribed.
The proposed new pension scheme scheme is however still undersubscribed.
The proposed new pensions scheme is however still undersubscribed.
The new national Swiss national pension scheme is still undersubscribed.
Stocks to watch at, the shop would close on Tuesday.
Stocks to watch out at near the close range on Tuesday.
Stocks had to watch at the shop to close on Tuesday.
Stocks to watch out for it at the close on Tuesday.
Stocks had to keep watch at the shop close on Tuesday.
Michael and Kirk Douglas will join with Paul Rudd as Hank Pym in Ant X - Man.
Michael Douglas will also join Paul Wesley Ruddy as Hank Pymble in Ant - Man.
Michael Douglas will join Pauli Rudd as Hank and Hank Pym in The Ant - Man.
Michael Douglass will join with Paul Rudd as Captain and Hank Pym in Ant - Man.
Michael Kirk Douglas will join with Paul Rudd as Captain Hank Pym in The Ant - Man.
Matty Harvey underwent a successful solo Tommy John surgery.
Matt Harvey also underwent quite a successful Tommy John surgery.
Matt Harvey underwent a successful Tommy - Boy John surgery.
Matty Harvey underwent a successful knee Tommy John surgery.
Matty Harvey also recently underwent successful Tommy John surgery.
Three men may also have also admitted to making bottle bombs.
Three other men may also have admitted to making bottle bombs.
Three men have also admitted themselves to making water bottle bombs.
Three men have also admitted to secretly secretly making bottle bombs.
Three men may have admitted to making the water bottle bombs.
Countries operating outside of the Pacific Alliance signed a new bilateral cooperation agreement, to help combat money laundering.
Countries outside of the Pacific Islands Alliance have signed a cooperation agreement and agreement to help combat money laundering.
Countries operating outside members of the Pacific Islands Alliance signed a cooperation agreement designed to help combat money laundering.
Countries of the South East Asia - Pacific Economic Alliance signed a cooperation agreement to help combat money laundering.
Countries outside members of the Pacific Economic Cooperation Alliance signed a cooperation agreement designed to help combat money laundering.
Katie Price has since also been recently hospitalised in Europe.
Katie Price, has been successfully hospitalised twice in Europe.
Katie Price has been heavily hospitalised twice while in Europe.
Katie Price, has also been recently hospitalised in Europe.
Katie Price, has also been hospitalised elsewhere in Europe.
Politician Trevor Van Zinck is not currently running again in the election.
Politician Trevor Van Zinckberg is not running again in the election.
Politician Trevor Zinck is also not running - in for the election.
Politician, Trevor Zinck is currently not running in for the election.
Politician, Trevor Van Zinck is not running again in the election.
Starbucks also has opened its first ever new Teavana tea bar in downtown New York City.
Starbucks has opened its first Teavana tea bar, in downtown New - New York City.
Starbucks has recently also opened up its first Teavana tea bar, in New York City.
Starbucks has opened its very first, Teavanah tea bar, in New York City.
Starbucks has also opened up its first Teavana tea - room bar in New York City.
Russian aircraft may have never entered Ukrainian airspace.
Russian aircraft may have entered the Ukrainian airspace.
Russian aircraft may have never entered Ukrainian airspace.
Russian military aircraft may have entered Ukrainian airspace.
Russian aircraft have entered the northern Ukrainian airspace.
Russia held up a single tank biathlon - and Belarus supposedly had unsuccessfully challenged the US team to one.
Russia also held a single tank biathlon - Ukraine and Belarus supposedly challenged by the host US to one.
Russia held a tank biathlon championship - and even in Belarus supposedly challenged the host US team to one.
Russia held up a tank biathlon event. - Ukraine and Belarus supposedly challenged the US team to one.
Russia also held a single tank biathlon - and Belarus supposedly challenged by beating the host US to one.
The whole BBC is from the sleepwalking to destruction, BBC veteran presented Noel Edmonds said.
The whole whole BBC is sleepwalking to destruction, veteran radio show presented Noel Edmonds said.
The " BBC is sleepwalking to destruction, " the BBC veteran presented Noel Edmonds said.
The BBC station is sleepwalking to destruction, " veteran BBC radio presented Noel Edmonds said.
The BBC itself is sleepwalking to its destruction, veteran presented host, Noel Edmonds said.
Kristen Stewart, Alec Baldwin Baldwin and Kate Bosworth, are set to join writer Julianne Moore, in writing the drama, Still Alice.
Kristen Hall Stewart, and Alec Baldwin and Kate Bosworth, are set to also join Julianne Moore Moore in the CBS drama Still Alice.
Kristen Stewart, alongside Alec Baldwin and Katelyn Bosworth, are set up together to join actress Julianne Moore in the drama Still Alice.
Kristen Stewart, actress Alec Baldwin Baldwin and Kate Bosworth are set to also join Julianne Moore and Moore herself in the drama Still Alice.
Kristen Stewart, Alec Baldwin, and Kate Bosworth are set up to also join Julianne Moore, cast in the CBS drama Still Alice.
Brayford Wanderers have announced plans seeking to revolutionise by becoming fully an independent community owned club.
Bray Wanderers fans also have announced plans to revolutionise football by becoming an independent community owned club.
Bray Wanderers have announced their plans to revolutionise football by becoming an independent, community owned club.
Bray Wanderers Wanderers have also announced plans to revolutionise by fully becoming fully an community owned club.
Bray Wanderers have announced plans to revolutionise by officially officially officially becoming an independent community owned club.
Egyptian helicopter gunships struck at all the suspected hideouts of militants.
Egyptian helicopter gunships also reportedly struck suspected hideouts sites of militants.
Egyptian helicopter gunships have also reportedly struck suspected hideouts of militants.
Egyptian helicopter gunships also struck suspected Egyptian military hideouts of militants.
Egyptian military and helicopter gunships also struck suspected hideouts of militants.
Michael Douglas and Catherine Zeta - Jones - Jones, will be seen celebrating their respective birthdays alone and miles apart.
Michael, Douglas and Lady Catherine Zeta Jones - Jones will all be seen celebrating their birthdays alone and miles apart.
Michael, Douglas and Catherine Zeta Jones - Jones will now be celebrating both their birthdays alone and many miles apart.
Michael Douglas and Catherine Zeta - Jones both will be celebrating their respective birthdays, alone, and many miles apart.
Michael, Douglas and Catherine Zeta Jones - Jones will be celebrating their respective first birthdays, alone and miles apart.
Manchester United have agreed to a £ 35m deal to help sign Sporting Lisbon'star midfielder, William Carvalho.
Manchester United FC have also agreed a £ 35m deal to help help sign former Sporting Lisbon midfielder William Carvalho.
Manchester City United have agreed a £ 35m deal, to help sign Sporting and Lisbon based midfielder William Carvalho.
Manchester United have also agreed terms to sign a £ 35m transfer deal to sign Sporting Lisbon midfielder William Carvalho.
Manchester United FC have agreed a new £ 35m deal to help help sign Sporting de Lisbon midfielder William Carvalho.
A new burnout ban was lifted.
A fuel burnout ban was lifted.
A burn banister door was lifted.
A burnout banter was lifted.
A fuel burnout ban was lifted.
804 Capital has also opened up its Helium strategy to investors.
80 Capital Partners has opened up its new Helium strategy to investors.
804 Capital Partners has opened its Helium strategy business to investors.
804 Capital has opened its Helium Ventures investment strategy to investors.
80 Capital Partners has opened - up its Helium strategy to investors.
We will have time to even remotely ask for something else.
We really will just have to ask him for something else.
We are all really will have to ask for something else.
We really will have to just ask for... something else.
We all really just will have to ask for something else.
Sarah Silverman is joining the main cast as of in the season two of All the SHOWTIME MASTERS OF SEX.
Sarah Silverman, is joining the main cast of season - two episode of the SHOWTIME MASTERS series OF SEX.
Sarah Silverman, is also joining the cast as of the season episode two of the SHOWTIME MASTERS OF SEX.
Sarah Silverman is joining the main cast as of the second season two of the SHOWTIMES MASTERS OF SEX.
Sarah Silverman, is joining her in the cast of season - two of the SHOWTIMES MASTERS OF SEX.
Social media industry experts took turns to discuss Pinterest content and best practices for business.
Social - media industry experts took to discuss Pinterest best practices and strategies for business.
Social - media experts took to discuss the Pinterest best practices business model for business.
Social media industry experts took to and discuss the Pinterest best - practices for business.
Social media industry experts took to discuss the latest Pinterest best - practices for business.
A Waldport maniac was also later charged with rape.
A very young Waldport maniac was charged with rape.
A young Waldport maniac was charged twice with rape.
A young, Waldport man, was charged with rape.
A young Waldporter man was charged twice with rape.
Barack - Obama has proposed $ 442 tax - hikes since taking office.
Barack Obama has proposed $ 442 tax rate - hikes since taking office.
Barack - Obama also has proposed 442 tax - hikes since taking office.
Barack Obama has proposed $ 442 tax hikes since first considering taking office.
Barack Obama has proposed 442 new property tax - hikes since taking office.
Headley has cautioned him to desist from giving the money back to the police.
Head has cautioned to desist him from ever giving the money back to the police.
Headley himself has cautioned her to desist him from giving money to the police.
Head has cautioned to absolutely desist from ever giving the money back to the police.
Headley has been cautioned to absolutely desist from ever giving money to the police.
Paris Hilton has also filed a complaint directly against a gay porn site.
Paris Hilton International has filed a complaint directly against such a porn site.
Paris Hilton Paris Hilton has filed a complaint against such a porn site.
Paris Hilton Hotels International has also filed a complaint against a porn site.
Paris Hilton has also filed a complaint against creating such a porn site.
The Israeli navy arrested both the two young female Gaza fishermen.
The Israeli Israeli navy arrested both the two young Gaza fishermen.
The Israeli Israeli navy arrested the two two young Gaza fishermen.
The local Israeli navy has also arrested two young Gaza fishermen.
The new Israeli navy arrested about two dozen young Gaza fishermen.
Whorf says that he was defamed by his portrayals in film The Wolfs of Wall Street.
Who says he was defamed by his own portrayals in Batman : The Lone Wolf of Wall Street.
Who says he " was defamed " " by his own portrayal in The Lone Wolf of Wall Street.
Who also says that he himself was defamed by his own portrayal in film The Wolf of Wall Street.
Who says he is himself himself was defamed by his portrayals in The Wolfs of Wall Street.
Barack Obama said Russia " must move to bring back its troops.
Barack - Obama has said Russia " must move back its troops.
Barack Obama has also said Russia must move back with its troops.
Barack - Barack Obama Obama said Russia must move back its troops.
Barack - Obama said that Russia must move back with its troops.
Stoke then scored to come right back from the behind and beat Crystal Palace 2 1.
Stoke scored to come back from the behind and beat the Crystal Palace Palace 2 1.
Stoke then scored to come back from a behind and beat Crystal Palace Palace 2 1.
Stoke then scored twice, to come from behind and beat Crystal Palace Palace 2 1.
Stoke scored to come back from the behind and beat Crystal Palace Palace by 2 1.
The chargesheet copies copies of about 50 most important criminal cases that were found missing.
The chargesheet copies of about the 50 most - important cases, were found missing.
The original chargesheet copies of about a 50 important court - cases were found missing.
The original chargesheet copies of the book about 50 most important cases were found missing.
The chargesheet included PDF copies of about 50 important cases that were later found missing.
Housing and affordability improved.
Housing and affordability improved.
Housing and affordability improved.
Housing and affordability improved.
Housing and affordability improved.
Rail bus services, which are also set to run as normal tomorrow morning.
Rail services, which are set up to be run as normal tomorrow morning.
Rail services, which are also set to run as normal until tomorrow morning.
Rail services, are set to not be to run as normal tomorrow morning.
Rail bus services, are not set to run as is normal tomorrow morning.
Coal India union officers had called off on their strike midway.
Coal India officers called them to off their hunger strike midway.
Coal Board of India union officers called off their strike midway.
Coal India officers then immediately called them off their strike midway.
Coal India workers union officers called off their own strike midway.
Four police officers also fell ill shortly after first finding a drug lab.
Four other local police officers fell ill after finding a local drug lab.
Four police officers fell seriously ill after not finding a proper drug lab.
Four police officers fell seriously ill shortly thereafter after finding a drug lab.
Four police officers fell ill shortly after finding a local illegal drug lab.
Google has acquired from an drone - drone maker Titan Aerospace.
Google Ventures has also acquired, an drone maker Titan Aerospace.
Google has also acquired an American military drone maker Titan Aerospace.
Google has also acquired an American drone maker, Titan Aerospace.
Google Ventures has acquired an drone maker, named Titan Aerospace.
The upcoming 2014 generation Toyota Corolla Hybrid is likely to be first showcased at at the 2014 Auto Expo.
The 2014 production Toyota Corolla is likely going to also be showcased at at least the 2014 Auto Expo.
The 2014 Toyota Corolla Hybrid Hybrid is likely to first be showcased at at the upcoming 2014 Auto Expo.
The upcoming 2014 Toyota Corolla Hybrid is likely to also be first - showcased at the 2014 Auto Expo.
The upcoming 2014 Toyota Corolla is likely to also be showcased at the upcoming then upcoming 2014 Auto Expo.
The answers are also listed from, how foreign affairs policy should be determined, by its possible impact on Christians.
The answers are listed : Apart from, foreign policy should be carefully determined by considering its impact directly on Christians.
The answers are listed from, how a foreign policy policy should be determined, by its impact and on Christians.
The answers are not listed from, and foreign policy should be determined only partially by its impact not on Christians.
The following answers are also listed from, foreign - affairs policy which should be determined by its impact on Christians.
Aretha Franklin celebrated it on her 60th birthday in New York City.
Aretha Franklin celebrated her 60th birthday in the New - York City.
Aretha Franklin Franklin celebrated her birthday here in downtown New York City.
Aretha Franklin also celebrated her birthday in New - New York City.
Aretha Franklin celebrated on her birthday in New York - York City.
A single giant laser pyramid, hot - water tubs on New Year's Day and evergreens would enhance the entire new city's image, Thompson told.
A laser pyramid, with hot - tubs open on New Year's Eve. Day and evergreens would enhance the city's image, " Thompson told.
A giant laser - pyramid, hot tubs on every New Year's Day and evergreens would enhance almost half the city's image, " Thompson told.
A laser pyramid, hot tubs on the New - Year's Day and evergreens would enhance the new city's'image,'" Thompson told.
A laser pyramid, with hot - tubs open up on New Year's Day and tall evergreens would enhance half the city's image, Thompson told.
Supreme Court will also continue to monitor the probe into the 2014 Muzaffarnagar riots and work done in the affected areas till near the end.
Supreme Court will continue to monitor the police probes into the 2014 Muzaffarnagar city riots and work in areas till and near the end.
Supreme Court will continue working to monitor all of the probe into the Muzaffarnagar riots and work done elsewhere in areas till near the end.
Supreme Court will also, continue to monitor the local police, probe into the Muzaffarnagar riots and stop work in areas till the end.
Supreme Constitutional Court will continue to monitor on the government probe into the 2014 Sheikh Muzaffarnagar riots and work in affected areas till the end.
Compounding pharmacies may be subject only partially strictly to FDA regulations.
Compounding of pharmacies may be also made subject to FDA regulations.
Compounding in some pharmacies may also be subject to FDA regulations.
Compounding pharmacies may be made subject only strictly to FDA regulations.
Compounding pharmacies'products may be made subject to FDA regulations.
A retired veteran educator has recently been appointed as interim president of Los Angeles Angeles Southwest College.
A veteran educator has been recently appointed interim president emeritus, of Los Angeles County Southwest College.
A veteran education educator has been appointed interim vice president of Los - Angeles County Southwest College.
A retired veteran educator has been recently been appointed interim vice president of Los Angeles Southwest College.
A veteran educator has recently been recently appointed interim president - emeritus of Los Angeles Southwest College.
Slovenian flag - carrier Adria Slovenian National Airways has signed on a code - share agreement with Air Serbia.
Slovenian flag carrier Slovenian Adriaan Airways has signed on a new code - share agreement with Air Serbia.
Slovenian flag carrier Adria Airways has signed on a code share sharing cooperation agreement agreement with operator Air Serbia.
Slovenian flag carrier Air Adria Slovenian Airways has also signed on a code - share agreement with Air Serbia.
Slovenian flag carrier, Slovenian Adria Airways has also recently signed a code share sharing agreement with Air Serbia.
Emergent BioSolutions, Inc., is planning to also open a new facility.
Emergents BioSolutions Inc. is planning to open up a brand new facility.
Emergents BioSolutions Inc. is now also planning to open a new facility.
Emergent BioSolutions Inc. is planning recently to also officially open a new facility.
Emergent BioSolutions Inc. is planning very recently to officially open a new facility.
Protesters have also blocked voting rights in tense Thai elections.
Protesters also blocked their voting rights in tense Thai elections.
Protesters have also blocked the voting in tense Thai elections.
Protesters also blocked voting in the tense 2015 Thai elections.
Protesters have blocked voting in the politically tense Thai elections.
Verint Software Systems is also currently acquiring KANA Software for $ 514 million.
Verint Systems Corporation is acquiring KANA Interactive Software for US $ 514 million.
Verint Systems is acquiring KANA Software Systems Corporation, for $ 514 million.
Verint Systems is acquiring the KANA Interactive Software Services for $ 514 million.
Verint Software Systems is currently acquiring KANA Software for $ $ 514 million.
The Medical College of Charleston is canceling all of the classes, labs and for Tuesday.
The College Board District of Charleston is canceling out all classes, labs and for Tuesday.
The College of the Charleston administration is canceling all the classes, including labs for Tuesday.
The Community College Board of North Charleston is canceling out all classes, labs for Tuesday.
The College Board of Charleston is also considering canceling all classes, including labs for Tuesday.
Rain stopped the play in the first post - game lunch session.
Rain stopped play in just the morning post post - lunch session.
Rain had stopped play in the post post post - lunch session.
Rain stopped play early in to the first post - lunch session.
Rain had stopped play too early in the post - lunch session.
Crews have also worked to contain a fire starting at a small west Little Rock apartment complex.
Crews worked to contain a fire at least in a west Little Round Rock residential apartment complex.
Crews worked to contain such a fire at least a west Little Rock - area apartment complex.
Crews worked together to help contain a fire at one a west Little Rock area apartment complex.
Crews have worked to contain such a fire starting at least a west Little Rock apartment complex.
The next best client is always right.
The male clientele is always right.
The clientele here is always right.
The male clientele is always right.
The wrong client is not always right.
Haggen is often recalled as ground beef.
Haggen beef is often recalled ground beef.
Haggen is recalled today as ground beef.
Haggen is often also recalled ground beef.
Haggen is often recalled as ground beef.
Guus van Hiddink has resigned as manager of the FC Dynamo Anzhi Makhachkala.
Guus Hiddink who also has resigned as manager of the FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
Guus Hiddink who has resigned as manager of FC - Dynamo Anzhi Makhachkala.
Guus Hiddink has resigned as manager coach of FC - Dynamo Anzhi Makhachkala.
Guus Hiddink who has also resigned recently as manager of FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
A young Keene County woman faces two sexual assault charges.
A very young, Keene woman faces two assault charges.
A very young Keene woman faces two sexual assault charges.
A young Keene woman also faces two sexual assault charges.
A Keene woman faces both of the two assault charges.
Olympic Park Steel, Inc. a convention center announced management promotions.
Olympic Steel, USA Inc a local convention center announced management promotions.
Olympic Steel, Inc a local steel convention center announced management promotions.
Olympic Steel, Inc is a center for publicly announced management promotions.
Olympic Park Steel, Inc is a center announced for management promotions.
Derek Jeter, will also officially retire after the 2014 season.
Derek Jeter, will retire, after the entire 2014 season.
Derek Jeter will not retire again until after the 2014 season.
Derek Jeter will retire after the first entire NHL 2014 season.
Derek - Jeter Racing will not retire after the 2014 season.
A simple way to compare the car - insurance quotes online exists.
A way available to compare car - insurance company quotes online exists.
A free way available to easily compare car insurance quotes online exists.
A simple way is to compare the car insurance quotes online exists.
A way available to compare car - insurance company quotes online exists.
She has also been partying around town with another flame, Harman Baweja.
She has been last seen partying with yet another flame, Harman Baweja.
She also has recently also been partying with another flame, Harman Baweja.
She has been partying with yet yet another old flame, Harman Baweja.
She has also been partying together with yet another flame, Harman Baweja.
Alyssa Milanovichi and Davide Bugliari are expecting their second child.
Alyssa De Milano and husband David Bugliari are expecting their upcoming second child.
Alyssa Milano Milano and David Bugliari Milano are both expecting their second child.
Alyssa Milanovich and husband David Bugliari are both expecting their second child.
Alyssa Milanovich and David Bugliari are expecting their own upcoming second child.
Danny and John Alexander paid a brief visit to Sutton.
Danny and Alexander also paid a brief visit to Sutton.
Danny Alexander also paid him a brief visit to Sutton.
Danny left and Mrs Alexander paid a visit to Sutton.
Danny Alexander has also recently paid a visit to Sutton.
Jerry Brown signed on at SB 493.
Jerryd and Brown signed SB 493.
Jerry Brown signed him on SB 493.
Jerry Brown was later signed SB 493.
Jerryd Brown later signed SB 493.
The same teams made last night so did those who went home on Amazing Race All All - Stars 2014.
The two teams made last night, so who went home on Amazing Race Race Race All - Stars 2014.
The teams made last night and so they did who went home first on Amazing Race : All Stars 2014.
The teams decisions that were made last night so did who went home on The Amazing Race All Stars 2014.
The teams made it last night, so who went home on Amazing Race 3 : The All Stars 2014.
The then ruling MMD in Chinsali district has called for reconciliation, and unity in the party.
The MMD in President Chinsali has called for national reconciliation and national political unity in the party.
The MMD in President Chinsali, who has called for national reconciliation and unity in the party.
The MMD leader in the Chinsali has also called out for reconciliation and unity in the party.
The MMD in Chinsali has also been repeatedly called for reconciliation and unity in forming the party.
Jesse McCartney then steps out in the West Hollywood wearing a onesie suit and man Uggs.
Jesse McCartney steps out onstage, in Hollywood, wearing only a onesie and man Uggs.
Jesse McCartney steps out in the West Hollywood, wearing a onesie, and man Uggs.
Jesse Paul McCartney steps him out in Hollywood wearing only a onesie and a man Uggs.
Jesse McCartney steps it - out in the West Hollywood wearing a onesie and man Uggs.
A Australian party political group has launched a campaign calling to ban burqa.
A Australian political party has also launched a campaign to officially ban burqa.
A Australian party has launched a national social media campaign to ban burqa.
A Australian political party has also launched a campaign calling to ban burqa.
A Australian party has also also recently launched a campaign to ban burqa.
A man is fighting for his life after accidentally accidentally falling from behind behind a moving car.
A man is fighting desperately for all his life after nearly falling down from a moving car.
A man is fighting desperately for his life after falling out from behind of a moving car.
A man who is fighting for his life, after falling down from a fast moving car.
A man is fighting for all his life after falling down falling from behind a moving car.
A bag tested him positives for ricin.
A Chinese bagel tested positive for ricin.
A bag tested him as positive for ricin.
A small plastic bag tested positive for ricin.
A second bag tested positive positive for ricin.
A former former CEO accused of defrauding in Wyoming, and Indiana was forced, apparently to use a recently stolen passport to flee.
A former company CEO, falsely accused of defrauding in both Wyoming and Indiana was apparently use a stolen passport used illegally to flee.
A former former Ford CEO accused him of defrauding in Wyoming and Indiana which was apparently use instead of a stolen passport to flee.
A former Ford CEO was accused of defrauding in Wyoming, and Indiana was apparently to use a stolen US passport, to flee.
A former CEO accused of defrauding in southern Wyoming and in Indiana, he was to apparently use a stolen passport, to flee.
It is still to finally get a hold on of a new PS4 before Christmas.
It is still possible to finally get a holdover of a PS4 before Christmas.
It is still possible to get hold of such a new PS4 game before Christmas.
It is still possible to get hold of such a PS4 CD player before Christmas.
It really is harder still to finally get hold of a PS4 just before Christmas.
Transplanting permits also available are available.
Transplanting plant construction permits are available.
Transplanting plant permits also are available.
Transplanting plant permits also are available.
Transplanting permits, also are available.
Gwyneth Paltrow also will also tour with Coldplay.
Gwyneth Paltrow MBE will also tour with Coldplay.
Gwyneth Paltrow will also tour Europe with Coldplay.
Gwyneth Paltrow will also on tour with Coldplay.
Gwyneth and Paltrow will also tour with Coldplay.
ITV is now launching as just a channel aimed at women.
ITV2 is launching a channel specifically specifically aimed at women.
ITV is launching as a digital television channel aimed at women.
ITV is launching a new television channel aimed specifically at women.
ITV is launching again as a channel mainly aimed at women.
Justin Masterson is beginning to slowly, slowly settle in.
Justin Masterson The family is just beginning to settle in.
Justine and Masterson is beginning to finally settle in.
Justine Masterson is just beginning time to settle in.
Justin Masterson The Taylor family is beginning to settle in.
The two Giants players said they had met with Martin.
The NY Giants said later that they met with Martin.
The NY Giants said they met up again with Martin.
The Giants said they too had met up with Martin.
The Giants said that when they met up with Martin.
Dailymotion has also opened up a Japanese office.
Dailymotion Media has opened up a Japanese office.
Dailymotion has opened a new online Japanese office.
Dailymotion has recently also opened a Japanese office.
Dailymotion has opened up a new Japanese office.
Maker, Apple, is accused of not hiding all its own profits again.
Maker, Apple, Inc is also accused again of hiding its profits again.
Maker, like the Apple, is accused of hiding its own profits again.
Maker, like Apple, is accused again, of hiding its profits again.
Maker, Apple, is accused again, of not hiding its profits again.
Justine Bieberman was attacked backstage at a Toronto nightclub.
Justin Bieber was later attacked at midnight at a Toronto nightclub.
Justin Bieber was attacked backstage at at a downtown Toronto nightclub.
Justin Bieberman was attacked at at a downtown Toronto nightclub.
Justin Bieber was later attacked backstage at at a Toronto nightclub.
Feedback on I can't even kiss to her on the lips.
Feedback on I still can't even kiss on to the lips.
Feedback - on lips I still can't kiss on the lips.
Feedback on I can't kiss with just her on the lips.
Feedback on, I can't kiss her on all the lips.
Barack - Obama has called out calls for the immediate release of an Iranian American pastor imprisoned in Iran.
Barack - Obama has also called for not only, the release of an American pastor imprisoned in Iran.
Barack Obama has called out for only the release of an American Baptist church pastor imprisoned somewhere in Iran.
Barack - Obama - Obama has called for the release immediately of an American pastor currently imprisoned in Iran.
Barack - Obama Obama has called for, the release, release of an American pastor imprisoned in Iran.
A former former Shawnee County employee has recently also filed for a wrongful termination lawsuit.
A former Shawnee County police employee has also filed a wrongful job - termination lawsuit.
A former former Shawnee Falls County employee who has filed a federal wrongful termination lawsuit.
A former Shawnee County employee has filed a suit calling for a wrongful termination lawsuit.
A former Shawnee Falls County employee who has filed for a federal wrongful termination lawsuit.
General Motors's recalling of some 370, 000 fire trucks because lack of such a fire risk.
General Motors's recalling of some 370, 000 trucks because lack awareness of such a fire risk.
General Motors's is recalling leaving some $ 370, 000 fire trucks because of a fire risk.
General General Motors's is recalling some 370, 000 trucks destroyed because of such a fire risk.
General Motors's is recalling its losing some 370, 000 trucks because of such a fire risk.
John Paul Abraham has been prohibited from ever ever using the religious title Hamara Bajaj.
John Abraham has also been prohibited publicly from using the title Lord of Hamara Bajaj.
John Abraham has also been legally prohibited from using of the Hindu title Hamara Bajaj.
John Abraham has also been officially prohibited from using the religious title of Hamara Bajaj.
John Abraham has been prohibited himself from using use of the religious title Hamara Bajaj.
A Stillwater County man was arrested on the first suspicion of domestic assault.
A Stillwater man was also arrested on the suspicion of a domestic assault.
A young Stillwater County man was arrested on suspicion only of domestic assault.
A Stillwater man was also arrested on the suspicion basis of domestic assault.
A Stillwater man was later also arrested on the suspicion of domestic assault.
Sunrun acquired a business plan that will further expand its reach in the Southern California California market.
Sunrun has acquired a business that will expand well beyond its reach in the Southern California market.
Sunrun acquired a business plan that will expand on its reach even further in the California market.
Sunrun acquired a business that hopes will further and expand its market reach in the California market.
Sunrun acquired a business that hopes it will expand its market and reach in the California market.
Researchers have unlocked a controversial molecular structure found only in heart cells.
Researchers have also unlocked a controversial new molecular structure in heart cells.
Researchers have unlocked such a controversial structure found in human heart cells.
Researchers have unlocked a new highly controversial molecular structure in heart cells.
Researchers have also unlocked a controversial structure in the human heart cells.
I just think that it's in my head.
I think that it's all in my head.
I can just think it's in my head.
I just think that it's in my head.
I think it's been all in my head.
Daniel Ricciardo, who will also replace Mark Webber Red Bull year.
Daniele Daniel Ricciardo will replace Mark - Webber Red Bull year.
Daniel Ricciardo will replace Mark Webber in Red - Red Bull year.
Daniel Ricciardo will replace Mark Webber in Red Bull - Bull year.
Daniel Ricciardo will replace in the Mark - Webber Red Bull year.
Razor clammy diggings begins Wednesday.
Razor clammy diggings begins Wednesday.
Razorback clam digging season begins Wednesday.
Razor clammy, digging begins Wednesday.
Razorback clam digging season begins Wednesday.
Jessica Lange, who stars, also has been cast in the 2011 film remakes of, and The Gambler.
Jessica De Lange, who stars, directed and also has been cast in in the film remake of The Gambler.
Jessica Lange, actress who stars, also, has been a cast in the 2011 film remake of The Gambler.
Jessica De Lange, who stars, has also been cast in in particular the film remakes of The Gambler.
Jessica Lange, actress, who stars, has been cast in the acclaimed 2011 film noir remake of The Gambler.
A Waianaean man was arrested twice for allegedly shooting at " his neighbor's cat.
A young Waianaean man, who was arrested for allegedly shooting his neighbor's cat.
A Waianae man was arrested twice for allegedly accidentally or accidentally shooting his neighbor's cat.
A young Waianaean young man was arrested for allegedly allegedly shooting his neighbor's cat.
A Waianaean male young man was arrested for allegedly shooting at his neighbor's cat.
Danone has also reported sales growth figures that beat estimates.
Danone reported sales and growth that nearly double beat estimates.
Danone reported high annual sales growth figures that beat estimates.
Danone also reported sales growth that nearly double beat estimates.
Danone also has reported sales growth figures that beat estimates.
Police may have targeted a local local recreational motorcycle club.
Police have also targeted out a recreational local motorcycle club.
Police have also also recently targeted a recreational motorcycle club.
Police may have targeted a recreational local amateur motorcycle club.
Police officers also may have targeted a recreational motorcycle club.
The two arms of brokers gave loans out to clients to help them play on NSEL.
The arms of brokers gave loans to clients to help them help them play on NSEL.
The arms business of which the brokers gave loans to their clients to play on NSEL.
The arms of the brokers gave loans out directly to clients to help play on NSEL.
The arms business of brokers gave loans to their clients wishing to play games on NSEL.
The Queen Mother of England used the wrong name for creating the modern Republics of Ireland.
The Queen Mother of England has used the very wrong name for both the Republic of Ireland.
The Queen of England used the very wrong name for the then modern Republics of Ireland.
The Queen of All - England also used the wrong name for representing the Republic of Ireland.
The Queen of England never used the wrong name for formally creating the Republics of Ireland.
Secretary of State John Kerry John Kerry delivers his remarks on Syria.
Secretary of the State John Kerry also delivers his remarks on Syria.
Secretary of State John F Kerry delivers remarks, focusing on Syria.
Secretary of State John John Kerry delivers his opening remarks on Syria.
Secretary of State John Kerry delivers remarks, focusing specifically on Syria.
Miranda - Kerr wants her to further explore her bisexuality.
Miranda - Kerr wants to further and explore her bisexuality.
Miranda Kerr wants for her to further explore her bisexuality.
Miranda - Miranda Kerr wants Will to explore her bisexuality.
Miranda - Kerr wants to further explore " her bisexuality.
The Renault - Fluence facelift it is and what we spotted.
The new Renault Sport Fluencer facelift is and we spotted.
The new Renault Fluence facelift is and so is we spotted.
The Renault Sport - Renault Fluence facelift is and we spotted.
The Renault - Fluence facelift is coming up and we spotted.
Craven Council's legal team - last - year prosecuted benefit'cheats'- is now facing the axe.
Craven Council's legal team - the last - year prosecuted benefit cheats - is facing with pulling the axe.
Craven District Council's new legal team - year old prosecuted benefit cheats - is now facing off the axe.
Craven Council's legal team 25 - year - old prosecuted for benefit cheats - - is facing the axe.
Cravenshire District Council's first legal - team - year prosecuted benefit - cheats - is facing the axe.
There was no clear plan by Congress which the federal federal government to sell - off any of the refineries.
There really was no plan devised by the US federal government ever to sell off any of all the refineries.
There never really really was no plan by the federal federal government to sell off almost any of the refineries.
There was no plan by the federal government ever to completely or completely sell off almost any of the refineries.
There was still no clear - enough plan by the federal government to sell off any part of the refineries.
Security software maker Networks's revenue also jumped as all its subscriptions rose.
Security software - maker Networks's advertising revenue also jumped as subscriptions rose.
Security software maker Networks's online advertising revenue also jumped as subscriptions rose.
Security and software maker Alpha Networks's revenue jumped dramatically as subscriptions rose.
Security software maker Networks's revenue jumped dramatically as all its subscriptions rose.
The stock of shares, I could almost say that right now I'm 100 % straight.
The shares, if I could say right about right now I sure'm 100 % straight.
The shares, I could just almost say that right now, I'm 100 % straight.
The shares, I could almost say right now I'm not even thinking 100 % straight.
The stock is shares, if I could say right now I'm not 100 % straight.
Timo Farron has also successfully introduced a bill to democratise national parks.
Tim Farron has also introduced quite successfully a bill to democratise national parks.
Tim Farron has introduced a bill to help help democratise the national parks.
Tim Farron has recently also introduced a controversial bill to democratise national parks.
Timmy Farron has introduced successfully, a bill to democratise national parks.
Antonia Bird, one, woman who has died suddenly of cancer aged 52.
Antonia Bird, aged one, who has died of lung cancer aged 52.
Antonia Marie - Bird, one, has since died of cancer aged 52.
Antonia Marie Bird, one, has since died suddenly of cancer aged 52.
Antonia Bird, one, who has died suddenly, of cancer aged 52.
Operation Elveden : Also a former and former Surrey police officer, is to be charged.
Operation John Elveden : a former East Surrey Police police officer, is to be charged.
Operation Detective Inspector Elveden Smith : a former Surrey police officer who is to be charged.
Operation Elveden : a single former Surrey County police officer, is set to be charged.
Operation : Detective Inspector John Elveden : a former Surrey police officer is to be charged.
Prairie - View upset Texas Southern 63 58 for winning both the SWAC title and for an automatic NCAA tournament berth.
Prairie - View upset Texas Southern 69 63 58 for both the SWAC title and an NCAA postseason basketball tournament berth.
Prairie View upset Texas Southern 69 63 58 68 for the SWAC title and earns them an NCAA tournament berth.
Prairie View upset Texas Southern 63 - 59 58 for the SWAC title and earn an NCAA Tournament postseason tournament berth.
Prairie View upsets the Texas - Southern 63 58 for the first SWAC title and an automatic NCAA tournament berth.
Ian Mackenzie McKellen officiated the wedding wedding ceremony of his friend Patrick James Stewart and Sunny Ozell.
Ian Mackenzie McKellen officiated the wedding ceremony of his friend Patrick Stewart and actress, Sunny Ozell.
Ian McKellen officiated at the wedding of his former best friend Patrick Stewart, and Sunny Ozell.
Ian McKellen officiated the first wedding of his best friend Patrick, Stewart, and Sunny Ozell.
Ian McKellen officiated at the wedding of his best friend, Sir Patrick Stewart and Sunny Ozell.
A young man was arrested twice twice for rape bid on a minor.
A man was arrested twice for a rape insurance bid on a minor.
A man who escaped was arrested twice for rape bid on a minor.
A man was arrested twice, for rape biding on a minor.
A man was arrested for attempted rape, and bid on a minor.
Autorickshaws drivers should also switch to LNG.
Autorickshaws should switch it over to LNG.
Autorickshaws drivers should switch over to LNG.
Autorickshaws drivers also should switch to LNG.
Autorickshaws should switch over again to LNG.
St. - Ambrose also hosts Ashford.
St. Ambrose also currently hosts Ashford.
St. Ambrose also currently hosts Ashford.
St. Ambrose also currently hosts Ashford.
St. Ambrose University also hosts Ashford.
Engineering students with very bad handwriting recognition skills may also end up getting zero marks.
Engineering students with very - bad handwriting skills may end up only getting zero marks.
Engineering graduate students with bad handwriting may end up not getting the only zero marks.
Engineering students graduating from universities with bad handwriting may end up getting only zero marks.
Engineering students graduating with bad quality handwriting skills may also end up getting zero marks.
The City of Tulsa is cracking down on its residents who simply cannot even park on grass.
The City Council of Tulsa is cracking down hard on all the residents who park on grass.
The City Planning Council, of Tulsa, is cracking down on residents who park on grass.
The City of Greater Greater Tulsa is cracking downs on residents, who park on grass.
The City Council of Tulsa is also cracking downs on residents, who park on grass.
People shifted farther away to safer places.
People had shifted to much safer places.
People shifted farther away to safer places.
People had shifted to much safer places.
People had shifted away to safer places.
Plug Power Inc, today confirms its upcoming annual conference, call, and investor meeting conference schedule.
Pluggo Power Inc, LLC today confirms its upcoming annual conference call and current investor conference schedule.
Plug Power Inc, LLC today confirms both its upcoming investor conference call and the investor conference schedule.
Plug Power, Inc, today confirms its own upcoming conference, call, and investor conference schedule.
Plug Power, Inc, today confirms its upcoming annual conference call and current investor and conference schedule.
The United World Sikh Organization of Canada, has offered its congratulations to join in the Parti - libéral du Québec.
The World Sikhs Organization of Canada Canada has offered its official congratulations also to the Parti - libéral du Québec.
The United World Sikh Organization of Canada has recently also offered its official congratulations to the Parti libéral national du Québec.
The World - - Wide Sikh Organization of Canada has offered its congratulations to joining the Parti - libéral du Québec.
The World Sikh Organization of the Canada has also offered its congratulations, to the Canadian Parti - libéral du Québec.
Cleveland Browns wide receiver Davone Bess was later arrested twice more for assaulting.
Cleveland - Browns'wide receiver Davone - Bess was arrested for assaulting.
Cleveland Browns wide receiver Davone Bessman was arrested only twice for assaulting.
Cleveland Browns wide receiver Davone Bessman was arrested twice more for assaulting.
Cleveland - Browns'wide receiver, Davone Bess was arrested for assaulting.
MHRA issued a voluntary recall of all 16 medicines made by Wockhardts AG, at its Waluj site.
MHRA has also issued a recall order of the 16 medicines made by Dr Wockhardt at its Waluj site.
MHRA issued out a recall order of all 16 medicines made available by Wockhardt at its former Waluj site.
MHRA issued a recall of all 16 of the 16 medicines made by Dr Wockhardt at its Waluj site.
MHRA issued for a recall of 16 brand new patent medicines made by Hermann Wockhardt at its Waluj site.
Rivals who can't just be friends.
Rivals, who can't be friends.
Rivals who can't even be friends.
Rivals who can't just be friends.
Rivals can't just... be friends.
This is also the first real good time to invest in equities.
This is the good time and period when to invest in equities.
This is the goodest time period to invest money in equities.
This is probably not the good time period to invest in equities.
This period is the first good time period to invest in equities.
Lewis and Lewis Hamilton hailed Sebastian Vettel as such a great champion.
Lewis Hamilton hailed Sir Sebastiano Vettel as such a great champion.
Lewis Hamilton hailed Sebastian Vettel as being such and a great champion.
Lewis Hamilton hailed Sir Sebastiano Vettel, as a great champion.
Lewis Hamilton hailed Sebastian Vettel, as such, a great champion.
Total will return it to neutral Iran, even if sanctions are lifted.
Total will return to Iran, if the sanctions will finally are lifted.
Total will not immediately return to neutral Iran, if sanctions are lifted.
Total will not immediately return to Iran, even if sanctions are lifted.
Total power will eventually return over to Iran, if sanctions are lifted.
Former Washington state Rep. Thaddous Viers pleaded guilty to a sexual harassment charge.
Former Republican Washington state Rep. Thad Viers pleaded guilty to a sexual - harassment charge.
Former state representative Rep. Thad Viers pleaded guilty, once again to a harassment charge.
Former Washington DC state Rep. Thaddo Viers pleaded guilty to filing a harassment charge.
Former state representative Rep. Thaddous Viers pleaded guilty to filing a harassment charge.
Ambujat Cements reported a $ 6. 5 6 % increase in profit.
Ambuja Cements reported a 6. 5 5 6 % annual increase in profit.
Ambuja Cements reported only a US $ 6. 6 % increase in profit.
Ambujat Cements reported a 6. 5 6 % increase rate in profit.
Ambuja Cements has reported a 6. 6 % increase in rate in profit.
THE US Federal and Securities and Exchange Commission has also filed charges against CEO Steven A. Cohen.
THE US Securities Exchange and Securities Exchange Commission has filed charges directly directly against Steven A. Cohen.
THE US Securities and Exchange Commission and Commission has filed charges almost directly against Steven A. Cohen.
THE US Securities Exchange Commission and Exchange Commission has also filed charges against CEO Steven A. Cohen.
THEN US The Securities and Foreign Exchange Commission has filed charges directly against Steven A. Cohen.
A man sleeping in a dumpster, was thrown back into behind a pickup truck, and nearly crushed.
A man sleeping in darkness behind a garbage disposal and dumpster was thrown into a truck and nearly crushed.
A man sleeping in at a nearby dumpster was thrown into a truck, was shot and nearly crushed.
A young man sleeping alone alone in a dumpster was thrown into it by a truck and nearly crushed.
A young man found sleeping in at a nearby dumpster, was thrown into a truck and nearly crushed.
A dog has died, after accidentally accidentally being shot, outside a Scarborough home.
A very young stray dog has died, after being shot outside a Scarborough home.
A stray dog has died, after being shot dead just outside a Scarborough home.
A dog has died after allegedly accidentally being accidentally shot outside a nearby Scarborough home.
A female stray dog, who has died after being shot outside a Scarborough home.
Water - distribution system repairs will also be occur Monday, Nov. 25.
Water distribution system emergency generator repairs will also occur Monday, Nov. 25.
Water - distribution system repairs that will also occur Monday, Nov. 25.
Water - distribution system emergency repairs will occur on Monday, Nov. 25.
Water - distribution system repairs will occur Monday, starting on Nov. 25.
Shaw Communications plans to eventually lay off approximately another 400 employees.
Shaw Community Communications plans plans to lay off approximately 400 employees.
Shaw Media Communications plans now to permanently lay off 400 employees.
Shaw Community Communications has announced plans to lay off 400 employees.
Shaw Community Communications plans plans to lay - off 400 employees.
Meridian - Hill Township has selected an artist to create a new public - art sculpture.
Meridian Township Council has selected an artist chosen to create such as a public art sculpture.
Meridian Township Council also has selected an individual artist to help create a public art sculpture.
Meridian - Hilltop Township has selected an artist group to create a public art sculpture.
Meridian Hill Township Council has selected an artist group to create a new public art sculpture.
Yohan Cabayel is also left out part of the Newcastle United squad.
Yohannes Cabayel is left out entirely of the Newcastle United squad.
Yohan Cabaye is also left out part of the full Newcastle United squad.
Yohannes Cabaye is now also left out of the Newcastle United squad.
Yohan Cabayel is left out instead of joining the Newcastle United squad.
Over over 500 people reportedly were killed in political violences in northern Bangladesh in 2013.
Over another 5000 people were killed in political violence in northern Bangladesh beginning in 2013.
Over over 500 people reportedly were killed resulting in political violence occurring in Bangladesh in 2013.
Over 500 people have reportedly were killed in political party violence in northern Bangladesh in 2013.
Over over 500 people were killed in the political violence in Bangladesh, beginning in 2013.
DA launched the party's second - annual Ayisafani - TV advert.
DA launched with the new party's second annual Ayisafani TV advert.
DAK launched the then new party's second Ayisafani TV advert.
DA launched the new party's official second annual Ayisafani TV advert.
DA launched with the party's first and second Ayisafani TV advert.
POLICE are appealing names after two boys, who were approached earlier at Tweed Heads.
POLICE Boys who are appealing after the two boys were approached at the Tweed Heads.
POLICE terms are appealing after two young boys who previously were approached at Tweed Heads.
POLICE are two appealing names named after two boys who were approached at Tweed Heads.
POLICE : Boys who are more appealing after two boys were approached at Tweed Heads.
FLIRE Global Systems, Inc. is realigning and streamlining its global operations.
FLIR Systems, Inc. is realigning and furthermore streamlining its global operations.
FLIR Systems Inc., is realigning operations and streamlining of its global operations.
FLIR Systems, Inc. is currently actively realigning and streamlining its global operations.
FLIR Systems Inc. is currently realigning and streamlining all its major global operations.
Voice recognition will also be fully enabled on the PS4, the Xbox and will work via the PlayStation Camera.
Voice recognition system software will be enabled on the Sony PS4 and will also work via using the PlayStation Camera.
Voice - recognition will also be fully enabled on the PS4, and will work via the Sony PlayStation Camera.
Voice recognition will be enabled on the Sony PS4 and will work - out directly via the Sony PlayStation Camera.
Voice - recognition will be enabled on the Sony PS4 and will work directly via the Sony - PlayStation Camera.
Alliant Energy, USA Corp. is also raising the company's earnings expectations.
Alliant Energy Energy Energy Corp. is raising the company's annual earnings expectations.
Alliant Energy Management Corp. is also raising the company's annual earnings expectations.
Alliant Energy Energy Corp., is raising the company's annual earnings expectations.
Alliant Energy Corp. is raising - up the energy company's earnings expectations.
Lawson Peabody would want to get Rita Ora in for their next video.
Lawson want him to get both Rita and Ora in their next video.
Lawson want to get Rita and Ora in time for their next video.
Lawson want to get to Rita Ora in making it their next video.
Lawson want to get Rita Ora brought back in for their next video.
Superior Spider - Iron Man appears in LEGO Avengers : Marvel Super Heroes.
Superior Man Spider - Man also appears in the LEGO Marvel Super Heroes.
Superior Man Spider Spider - Man appears in LEGO : Marvel Super Heroes.
Superior - Man Spider Spider - Man appears in LEGO Marvel Super Heroes.
Superior Spider - Man appears briefly again in LEGO Marvel Super Super Heroes.
Bill Kristolchuk has joined the ABC News.
Bill - Kristol has since joined ABC News.
Bill and Kristolchuk has joined ABC News.
Bill Kristolchuk has since joined ABC News.
Bill and Kristol has since joined ABC News.
The current Archbishopric has arrived in Burundi.
The current Archbishopric has arrived in Burundi.
The Archbishop has just arrived back in Burundi.
The only current Archbishop has arrived in Burundi.
The Archbishop has just arrived back in Burundi.
Facebook has agreed to also help buy WhatsApp for $ 19bn dollars.
Facebook Group has agreed to buy out WhatsApp Group for 19bn dollars.
Facebook has agreed not to also buy WhatsApp products for 19bn dollars.
Facebook Group has also agreed to buy WhatsApp for $ 19bn dollars.
Facebook has agreed to and eventually buy out WhatsApp for 19bn dollars.
Casey Anthony - Smith has reached a settlement.
Casey Anthony has never reached such a settlement.
Casey Anthony has not yet reached a settlement.
Caseys - Anthony has reached a settlement.
Casey - Anthony has not reached a settlement.
Will Arnett III may be starring, " but " he's open to returning to join Arrested Development.
Willi Arnett III may not be starring, but he's open to potentially returning to Arrested Development.
Will Arnett III. may be starring, but he's open to his potentially returning to Arrested Development.
Will Arnett may be starring, but he's not open to potentially potentially returning him to Arrested Development.
Will Arnett may be starring, ", but, he's not open to returning to Arrested Development.
Veteran Bollywood film cinematographer, VK Murthy has recently passed away.
Veteran Bollywood film cinematographer VK Murthy, has also passed away.
Veteran Bollywood film cinematographer, VK Murthy has also passed away.
Veteran Bollywood cinematographer VK Krishna Murthy, has also passed away.
Veteran and Bollywood cinematographer VK Murthy has also also passed away.
Force India have also adopted a brand new fierce new look.
Force of India FC FC have adopted a fierce new look.
Force India have adopted such a fierce, exciting new look.
Force of India, they have adopted a fierce new look.
Force India have also adopted a much more fierce new look.
The US federal government may do a major rethink on the monthly 50 - paise a hike in fuel diesel rates.
The government may do a rethink on not increasing even the monthly $ 50 - paise a hike in diesel rates.
The government may dodge a possible major rethink on the proposed monthly 50 paise a hike in fuel diesel rates.
The federal government may also do a major rethink on the monthly $ 50 per paise a hike in diesel rates.
The government may also dodge a major rethink on increasing the monthly 50 paise a day hike in diesel rates.
A woman was shot in the leg in an old abandoned Outer Missions'supermarkets parking lot.
A woman was shot - - in on the back leg in an Outer Missions supermarket parking lot.
A woman was found shot in the both the and leg in an Outer Missions supermarket parking lot.
A young woman was found and shot in the leg in an abandoned West Outer Mission supermarket parking lot.
A woman was also shot in both in the leg in near an Outer Mission supermarkets parking lot.
A very young former Keyser woman, was charged with trespassing.
A young former Fort Keyser woman was also charged with trespassing.
A former Keyser woman was also charged, twice with trespassing.
A former Keyserling woman, she was charged with trespassing.
A very young former Keyserling woman was charged with trespassing.
Attacks including of a car bomb that killed over 22 people in Iraq.
Attacks including a car bomb killed over 22 million people living in Iraq.
Attacks including of a car bomb that killed 22 more people in Iraq.
Attacks including a car - bomb attack that killed 22 people in Iraq.
Attacks including of a car bomb killed 22 Iraqi people living in Iraq.
Shoji. am returning for its 40th season.
Shoji I am returning again for 40th season.
Shoji. com am returning for 40th season.
Shoji. am returning for its 40th season.
Shoji. am is returning for 40th season.
An IAF microlite aircraft had also failed to make for an emergency landing attempt in a park.
An IAF microlite aircraft had failed to successfully make an emergency emergency landing in such a park.
An IAF microlite aircraft had to make such an emergency landing even in such large a park.
An IAF microlite aircraft also had time enough to make an emergency landing in such a park.
An IAF microlite aircraft had to make preparations for an emergency emergency emergency landing in a park.
PAG has made, taking a majority of ownership stake in Universal Studios Japan.
PAG has made, taking a stake, in Universal Studios Animation Studios Japan.
PAG has also been made, taking a stake in the Universal Studios Japan.
PAG has made, taking a majority stake, in the Universal Studios Japan.
PAG has been made, taking a majority stake in the Universal Studios Japan.
A man has died, after being struck down by such a vehicle.
A man who died has died after being accidentally struck by a vehicle.
A man has died after his allegedly accidentally being struck by a vehicle.
A young man has died, after being accidentally struck by a vehicle.
A man has died, after being accidentally accidentally struck by a vehicle.
Sparkill, fire, sparked off, by exploding a space heater, damaged.
Sparkill, a fire, sparked by a space air - heater, damaged.
Sparkill, fire, sparked off by a space air - heater, damaged.
Sparkill, fire, sparked by a fire damaged nearby space heater, damaged.
Sparkill, on fire, sparked off by exploding a space heater, damaged.
David Ross pleaded guilty to to all five charges and now he has been remanded in custody.
David Ross pleaded not guilty to all all five charges, and has been remanded in custody.
David Ross pleaded not guilty to all five murder charges and he has been remanded in custody.
David Ross pleaded guilty to five murder charges and he has been indefinitely remanded while in custody.
David Ross pleaded guilty initially to five charges and has been subsequently remanded indefinitely while in custody.
Chrisy Weidman defended his vacant UFC light middleweight title.
Chris Weidman successfully successfully defended his vacant UFC middleweight title.
Chrisy Weidman successfully defended of his UFC middleweight title.
Chris Weidman defended for his now vacant UFC middleweight title.
Chrisy Weidman defended his UFC light - middleweight title.
The police have launched a training training facility for people submitting RTID applications online.
The local police have launched into such a facility for submitting their RTI applications online.
The police department have launched such a facility, for people submitting RTI applications online.
The two local police departments have launched a facility for submitting RTID applications online.
The local municipal police have launched a new online facility for submitting RTI applications online.
The government is to look further now, looking at ways to boost demand for implementing the Green Deal.
The government is going on to also look at ways to help boost demand for implementing the Green Deal.
The federal government is to look more closely at ways to boost demand levels for the proposed Green Deal.
The government goal is to also look closely at the ways possible to boost demand for the Green Deal.
The government is to also look at new ways, to boost demand and levels for the Green Deal.
Jefferys Pendergraph is now changing his last name to Ayres.
Jeff Pendergraph is changing from his original last name back to Ayres.
Jeff Pendergraphe is changing it from his last name to Ayres.
Jeff Pendergraph is changing his own and real last name to Ayres.
Jeff Pendergraph is also considering changing back his last name to Ayres.
The police foiled the students'plan to stage and began to build block road.
The police force had also foiled students'plan to stage and build block road.
The local local police have foiled students'plan to stage riot and block road.
The university campus police foiled all the students'plan to stage and block road.
The police foiled students'' s plan, to stage and build block road.
Bashar al - Assad said that Syria would not defend Syria itself against any aggression.
Bashar Abd al - Assad said Syria would not defend itself vigorously against any aggression.
Bashar and al - Assad said Syria would defend itself vigorously against almost any aggression.
Bashar al - Assad said Syria would defend Northern Syria itself, against any aggression.
Bashar al - Assad has not said Syria would ever defend itself against any aggression.
The man accused of killing Phylicia dies and Barnes himself will be brought back in court.
The man he accused of killing Phylicia Barnes will probably not be back up in court.
The man accused of almost deliberately killing Phylicia, Barnes, will be back in court.
The same man accused of killing Miss Phylicia Barnes will be brought back up in court.
The man accused of killing Phylicia, John Barnes, who will be back in court.
A Charlottesville man was charged in committing a New Year's - Eve - Day rape.
A Charlottesville man was charged in a New - Year's - Eve - Day rape.
A Charlottesville police man was charged in planning a New - Year's - Day rape.
A Charlottesville maniac was also charged in a 2007 New York Year's Day rape.
A Charlottesville man was also charged in a New York New - Year's Day rape.
Subway also plans on removing a new chemical active ingredient from its bread.
Subway plans on removing all but a chemical ingredient removed from its bread.
Subway plans on removing a chemically active ingredient from all its bread.
Subway also plans on removing a chemically active ingredient from its bread.
Subway plans on not removing a single chemical ingredient altogether from its bread.
Non - Muslims can therefore also not use only the word Allah.
Non - Muslims also can also not use only the word Allah.
Non - Muslims, can also not always use the word Allah.
Non - Muslim Muslim Muslims can not use only the word Allah.
Non - Muslims also can not use, only the word Allah.
The then Indian Supreme Court also exempted Jayalalithaa from appearance.
The Supreme Court also has not exempted Jayalalithaa from appearance.
The Supreme Court exempted Justice Tan Sri Jayalalithaa from appearance.
The Indian Supreme Court also exempted Sri Jayalalithaa from appearance.
The Supreme Court exempted Tan Sri Sri Jayalalithaa from appearance.
Oommen and Chandy promised not to help to endosulfan victims.
Oommen Chandy promised him to provide help to endosulfan victims.
Oommen Chandya has promised to help to endosulfan victims.
Oommen and Chandy promised help especially to the endosulfan victims.
Oommen and Dr Chandy have promised help to endosulfan victims.
The first bright sunny day out of spring is here.
The first day out of the hot spring is here.
The first day out there of spring break is here.
The first full day of the spring break is here.
The first day of the annual spring season is here.
A Harbourville man will stand trial immediately on the various sex related charges.
A former Harbourville man will stand trial again on the sex related charges.
A Harbourville man will not stand trial again on sex - related charges.
A former Harbourville man will stand trial on various other sex related charges.
A Harbourville police man will stand trial on sex - abuse related charges.
A Denham Springs woman died because of from an unknown apparent heroin overdose.
A young Denham Hot Springs woman died because of an apparent heroin overdose.
A Denham Springs woman died of an otherwise - unknown apparent heroin overdose.
A young Denham Springs woman died of from an unknown apparent heroin overdose.
A Denham Springs woman later died of an otherwise unknown apparent heroin overdose.
Lady of Gaga has accused Perez Hilton executives of trying to stalk her.
Lady Gaga has accused Perez - Long Hilton of trying to stalk her.
Lady of Gaga accused Perez Hilton - Hilton of trying to stalk her.
Lady Gaga accused the Perez - Hilton executives of trying to stalk her.
Lady Gaga has accused Perez - Hilton of trying not to stalk her.
Mickey Rooney had died yesterday at age 93.
Mickey Rooney has died at yesterday age 93.
Mickey Wayne Rooney had died yesterday age 93.
Mickey Rooney died at home yesterday age 93.
Mickey Wayne Rooney died yesterday at age 93.
Nigeria at least 100 should not be celebrated.
Nigeria Day starting at 100 should be celebrated.
Nigeria Day starting at 100 should be celebrated.
Nigeria at least $ 100 should be celebrated.
Nigeria Day at 100 should not be celebrated.
Fleetbridge town centre continues to top in both the antisocial and behaviour league table.
Fleet Street town centre also continues to top the local antisocial behaviours league table.
Fleet town centre continues on to top in the antisocial behaviours and league table.
Fleet town - centre continues on to consistently consistently top the antisocial behaviour league table.
Fleet town city - centre continues going on to top the antisocial behaviour league table.
Bella and Thorne worked the red carpet, looking cute in just a short monochrome dress.
Bella and Thorne worked the red velvet red carpet looking cute in a long monochrome dress.
Bella Thorne worked the red carpet, looking cute, even, in a monochrome dress.
Bella and Thorne worked on the red carpet looking cute, dressed in a monochrome dress.
Bella and Thorne worked the red carpet, looking cute together, in a monochrome dress.
A friend of Carolyn Cassady has confirmed the popular rumors that the writer has died.
A friend of author Carolyn Cassady, has confirmed the original writer who has died.
A friend of the author Carolyne Cassady has confirmed the original writer has died.
A friend friend of Carolyne Cassady, has since confirmed the writer has died.
A friend of Carolyn, John Cassady, also has confirmed the writer has died.
Star, LeBron James James has praised Johnny Manziel after making his first on pro day.
Star, coach LeBron James, has praised Johnny Manziel, after attending his pro day.
Star, and LeBron James has also praised Johnny Manziel, after his first pro day.
Star, LeBron James has praised Johnny Joe Manziel after not making his first pro day.
Star, LeBron James has also praised Johnny Manziel after attending his first official pro day.
Pledges for foreign direct investment in the South - Korea dropped quite significantly in 2013.
Pledges for increased foreign direct investment investment in South Korea were dropped early in 2013.
Pledges support for foreign direct investment in the South Korea dropped significantly since in 2013.
Pledges for foreign - direct - investment activities in South - Korea dropped in 2013.
Pledges calling for foreign direct investment assistance in the South Korea dropped significantly in 2013.
The player, a Pandit of Shiv Kumar Sharma, Abida Parveen, who will be performing during during of the Jammu festival.
The player, Pandit Shiv Kumari Sharma, Abida and Raj Parveen, will also be seen performing during the Jammu festival.
The keyboard player, playing alongside Pandits Shiv Kumar Sharma, and Abida Parveen, will be performing during the Jammu festival.
The player, Pandit of India Shiv Kumar Sharma, Abida Singh Parveen, will be seen performing during the upcoming Jammu festival.
The player, Pandit Shivraj Kumar - Sharma, and Abida Parveen, will also be performing live during the Jammu festival.
A large scale U - Haul packed with at - least'71 undocumented immigrants, was discovered in South Texas.
A U - Boat Haul packed with " at least 710 undocumented immigrants was later discovered in rural South Texas.
A Ub - Haul convoy packed with " at least 710 undocumented immigrants was discovered somewhere in South Texas.
A second U - Haul packed together with at - least about 71 undocumented immigrants, was discovered in South Texas.
A U - boat boat Long Haul convoy packed with at least 71 undocumented immigrants was also discovered in South Texas.
DNA on a baseball cap led directly to the subsequent arrest in preventing a possible home invasion.
DNA on to a baseball ball cap led to making the arrest in for a home invasion.
DNA on board a baseball ball cap had led to the arrest inciting a home invasion.
DNA on a baseball cap eventually led to the subsequent arrest resulting in almost a home invasion.
DNA on a baseball ball cap had eventually led to the subsequent arrest in a home invasion.
Gasoline prices recorded in southern Utah have risen to 7. 3 cents per gallon.
Gasoline fuel prices recorded in Utah have also risen 7. 3 cents per gallon.
Gasoline prices as recorded in Utah have risen to 7. 3 cents per gallon.
Gasoline fuel oil prices recorded in Utah have risen 7. 3 cents per gallon.
Gasoline prices in Utah have since then risen 7. 5 3 cents per gallon.
Republican US Rep. John Kline will host a campaign fundraising event along with fellow Tea Party Party activist and congressman William Van Allen West.
Republican US. US Senate Rep. John Kline will host a campaign fundraising event along with Tea Party movement activist and congressman Allen West.
Republican US Rep. Senator John Kline will host a campaign event with his fellow former Tea - Party activist, and congressman Allen West.
Republican US Rep. Senator, John Paul Jones Kline will host such as a campaign event with Tea Party activist and congressman Allen West.
Republican former US Rep. and US Senator John Kline will also host a campaign event along with Tea Party activist and congressman Allen West.
Aaron and even Alexis had lied about a previous arrest.
Aaron Alexis had lied about a possible, previous arrest.
Aaron Alexis had never lied about making a previous arrest.
Aaron and Alexis lied about a possible possible previous arrest.
Aaron and then Alexis lied, about a previous arrest.
Azerbaijan has also launched centralized catering management systems used in boarding schools.
Azerbaijan has launched centralized catering management system used mainly in boarding schools.
Azerbaijan has launched with a centralized catering and management in boarding schools.
Azerbaijan has launched centralized catering management in almost all its boarding schools.
Azerbaijan has launched a centralized catering management in its public boarding schools.
Paula Deen has landed her a $ 75 - 80 million business deal.
Paula Deen, has landed a $ 75 - million new business deal.
Paula Deen, who has landed a $ 75 million in business deal.
Paula Van Deen has landed a $ $ 75 - million business deal.
Paula Dee Deen has landed her a $ 75 million in business deal.
The weather has also recently created an urgent need for new blood donors.
The weather has created yet an increasingly urgent need for new blood donors.
The weather has created quite an urgent need list for new blood donors.
The weather change has also created an urgent urgent need for blood donors.
The weather change also has also created an urgent need for blood donors.
NAMI Oklahomans will begin by 2015 offering free mental health classes.
NAMI in Oklahoma City will begin offering free free mental health classes.
NAMI Oklahoma will also begin offering some free mental - health classes.
NAMI Oklahoma will begin offering free mental - health - health classes.
NAMI Oklahoma will begin its operations by offering free mental health classes.
Tributes would have poured back in after Tito and Vilanova died.
Tributes that would have poured in shortly after Tito Vilanova died.
Tributes would have been poured in after President Tito Vilanova died.
Tributes have been also poured in after Tito and Vilanova died.
Tributes have poured in since after the guitarist Tito Vilanova died.
A Big Island young man is facing off an charge for not throwing away an weapon.
A Big Bear Island Native man is seen facing down an charge for throwing an weapon.
A Big Island man is seen as facing down an charge for throwing away an weapon.
A Big Horn Island man is seen facing an charge for allegedly not throwing an weapon.
A young Big Island young man who is facing an charge for throwing away an weapon.
Fairfax Fairfax County Public Schools had made also the decision to permanently close on Thursday.
Fairfax County Public and Charter Schools also recently made the decision to close on Thursday.
Fairfax Fairfax County Public Schools made the controversial decision not to close school on Thursday.
Fairfax - County Fairfax Public Charter Schools made the final decision to close on Thursday.
Fairfax County Public Charter Schools made the decision not to permanently close school on Thursday.
Social Security benefits package will also increase by nearly 1. 5 %.
Social Security pension benefits will increase income by 1. 5 5 %.
Social Security pension benefits will also not increase by 1. 5 %.
Social Security and pension benefits will increase income by 1. 5 %.
Social - Security pension benefits bill will increase by 1. 5 %.
Apple Computer has released Digital Camera RAW Compatibility Update for version version 5. 01.
Apple has released Digital Video Camera RAW with Compatibility Update version # 5. 01.
Apple Macintosh Computer has released Digital Camera with RAW Compatibility Update version 5. 01.
Apple Computer has released Digital Camera RAW with Compatibility to Update version 5. 01.
Apple has also released Digital Video Camera RAW Compatibility and Update version 5. 01.
Employers may also and are urged on to improve the grading system of auxiliary police personnel.
Employers are also urged to improve on the uniform grading and system of auxiliary police personnel.
Employers are urged to help improve the grading system of both the auxiliary and police personnel.
Employers are also urged to improve the grading system trainings required of auxiliary police personnel.
Employers are urged to improve the uniform and uniform grading system of auxiliary state police personnel.
The two Sensexs were trading flat.
The Sensexs themselves were trading flat.
The two Sensex were still trading flat.
The Sensexs were still trading flat.
The two Sensexs were trading flat.
Carlo Ancelotti calls to see him show his courage and personality.
Carlo Ancelotti calls to see me show his courage and personality.
Carlo Ancelotti has made many calls to show courage and personality.
Carlo Maria de Ancelotti calls to show courageous and personality.
Carlo Maria Ancelotti calls him to show his courage and personality.
Crimes - Stoppers detectives are also seeking the general public's legal aid help to identify and locate the man, who burglarized a gas station in Huntington.
Crime - Stoppers and detectives alike are seeking the general public's help to identify and locate the man who was burglarized at a local gas station in Huntington.
Crime - Stoppers detectives, are seeking the general public's help, to help them identify and locate the man who burglarized a local gas station in Huntington.
Crime Stoppers detectives, are seeking out the public's help to identify the suspects and locate the man who burglarized at a local gas station located in Huntington.
Crime Stoppers detectives are seeking out all the public's for help to identify and will eventually locate the mysterious man who has burglarized a gas station in Huntington.
A former French Catholic priest has also been kidnapped in Cameroon.
A French Catholic priest, who has been kidnapped in Cameroon.
A young French priest who has been kidnapped while in Cameroon.
A French Roman Catholic priest has been kidnapped while in Cameroon.
A French Catholic priestess has also been kidnapped in Cameroon.
Steve, and Rapira will leave the Warriors.
Steve Rapira will also later leave the Warriors.
Steve Rapirato will leave with the Warriors.
Steve Rapira will also leave for the Warriors.
Steve Rapira will also leave with the Warriors.
Scotland also would have beaten Kenya.
Scotland would not have beaten Kenya.
Scotland would have also beaten Kenya.
Scotland would have easily beaten Kenya.
Scotland also would have beaten Kenya.
Swedish House Mafia are set to premier Leave Behind Me and the Whole World Behind documentary.
Swedish House Mafia are set to premier Leave Behind the Whole, Whole World Behind documentary.
Swedish House of the Mafia are set to the premier Leave the Whole World Behind documentary.
Swedish House Mafia are being set up to premier their Leave the Whole World Behind documentary.
Swedish House of Mafias are set to premier Leave the Whole Whole World Behind documentary.
How to not even grow ginger.
How easy not to grow ginger.
How hard to even grow ginger.
How to not even grow ginger.
How easy to just grow ginger.
Students also, will be able to take a free virtual canoe tour.
Students also will be able to also take on a virtual canoe tour.
Students will be now also able to take a virtual virtual canoe tour.
Students will also be able to also take a free virtual canoe tour.
Students also will be now able to take a virtual reality canoe tour.
The globalization scenario calls for the local postal administrations to think differently.
The global scenario also calls for postal service administrations to always think differently.
The global scenario calls also also for postal service administrations to think differently.
The global scenario calls for the postal service and administrations to think differently.
The current global scenario also calls for postal administrations to always think differently.
India offers a stable and effective, non - adversarial income tax regime.
India offers a stable and effective non - competitive adversarial income tax regime.
India also offers a stable competitive market and non - adversarial tax regime.
India offers a relatively - stable stable and non - adversarial tax regime.
India also offers a stable and non - competitive adversarial income tax regime.
Max Clifford has been also found not guilty of eight counts of sexual and indecent assault.
Maxine Lee Clifford has since been found guilty of eight counts of sexual indecent assault.
Maxine Clifford has been found not guilty of eight separate counts of sexual indecent assault.
Maxine Clifford has been found not guilty, guilty of eight counts of indecent assault.
Max Clifford Smith has also long since been found guilty of eight counts of indecent assault.
Dozens of residents ran - off for safety, after their apartment and building went in flames.
Dozens thousands of local residents also reportedly ran for safety after their apartment building went in flames.
Dozens of other local residents ran for their own safety after their apartment building went in flames.
Dozens thousands of residents ran away for safety, after their own apartment building went in flames.
Dozens of local residents ran for their safety after their own apartment and building went in flames.
A woman who was reportedly gang - raped in her Anniston home.
A young woman was reportedly gang raped in near her Anniston home.
A woman was also reportedly gang raped in her suburban Anniston home.
A young woman was also reportedly raped in her suburban Anniston home.
A woman who was reportedly raped moved in at her Anniston home.
The Brooklyn Nets organization also will not sign Jason Collins.
The expansion Brooklyn Nets will also sign forward Jason Collins.
The expansion Brooklyn Nets team will sign forward Jason Collins.
The expansion Brooklyn Nets also will sign forward Jason Collins.
The Brooklyn Nets team also will also sign Jason Collins.
Pirates attacked a oil vessel and took both the captain, and the former crew chief mechanical engineer, who are US citizens, hostage.
Pirates attacked on a oil vessel and then they took the ship captain and chief of civil engineer, who are US citizens, hostage.
Pirates attacked on a chartered US oil vessel and took both the vessel captain and chief engineer, who both are US citizens, hostage.
Pirates attacked a oil vessel and they also took in, both the captain and chief engineer, who are US - citizens, hostage.
Pirates then attacked a oil vessel and then took both the ship captain and chief civil engineer, who are US - citizens, hostage.
Darren Fletcher completed nearly half his 90 minutes.
Darren Fletcher had also completed his 90 minutes.
Darren Shaun Fletcher also completed his 90 minutes.
Darren Fletcher also completed half his 90 minutes.
Darren - Shaun Fletcher completed his 90 minutes.
Hamid Ansari also left on the visit to Peru, Mexico and Cuba.
Hamid Ansari left on - board the visit to both Peru and Cuba.
Hamid and Ansari left on the visitation to both Peru and Cuba.
Hamid Ansari left on board the historic second visit to Peru and Cuba.
Hamid and Ansari left on the second consecutive visit to Peru and Cuba.
Why there is no cure available is for the very common cold.
Why there is no known cure for all the other common cold.
Why there is no cure for all the now very common cold.
Why there really exists is absolutely no cure for the common cold.
Why there really is no cure available for all the common cold.
MNM Nambiar has donned as as many as 11 disguises.
MN Nambiar donned as many many as a possible 11 disguises.
MN Nambiar donned just as many many costumes as 11 disguises.
MNM Raja Nambiar donned as as many as 11 disguises.
MNM Nambiar donned as as many as possible 11 disguises.
Casinos and regular express wendover flights.
Casinos, and express wendover flights.
Casinos and regular express wendover flights.
Casinos express flights and wendover flights.
Casinos operated express and wendover flights.
The real objective of forming the government is to help bring the structural structural reforms forward in the economy.
The real objective and objective goal of forming the government is to bring structural structural reforms in the economy.
The real objective of the government is also : to bring about structural reforms needed later in the economy.
The real economic objective function of the government ministry is to bring structural structural reforms forward in the economy.
The main real objective of forming the government is to help bring about structural structural reforms in the economy.
The Orangeburg Civic Center Ballet will also present the ballet, titled The Nutcracker.
The Orangeburg Civic Center Ballet will present her with the ballet, The Nutcracker.
The Royal Orangeburg Civic Ballet Company will also present the ballet, The Nutcracker.
The Orangeburg Civic Ballet will present the new Dutch national ballet, The Nutcracker.
The Orangeburg Civic Ballet Company will present with the new ballet, The Nutcracker.
Shareholders voted to approve Howard Phillips'pending future acquisition of Tosco.
Shareholders unanimously voted to unanimously approve Phillips pending the acquisition of Tosco.
Shareholders voted unanimously to approve Howard Phillips'pending acquisition of Tosco.
Shareholders voted to approve Johnnie and Phillips pending acquisition of Tosco.
Shareholders have also voted to approve Phillips'pending acquisition of Tosco.
Explosive Guns then surged to win by a nose margin at the new Canterbury Park.
Explosive Machine Guns then surged to take a win by a nose at Canterbury Park.
Explosive Guns surged to the win easily, by a nose at the Canterbury Park.
Explosive Guns surged to win away easily by a short nose at the Canterbury Park.
Explosive Guns surged to win by a narrow nose margin at the new Canterbury Park.
Saints have won both the club team player of the year award.
Saints also have won the club of the year year year award.
Saints have twice won the league club of of the year award.
Saints have won both the rugby league club of the year award.
Saints have won the club team of the year every year award.
We are very dissatisfied with the OSCE - - led Minsk Group.
We too also are very dissatisfied today with the OSCE Minsk Group.
We are very much dissatisfied with joining the OSCE - Minsk Group.
We are very much dissatisfied now with the new OSCE Minsk Group.
We are very dissatisfied right now with joining the OSCE Minsk Group.
Depressions can also speed up the bone ageing process.
Depressions can speed - up the human ageing process.
Depressions can speed - up the human ageing process.
Depressions can also speed up the brain ageing process.
Depression can also also speed up the brain ageing process.
The rupee ended up flattering at 61. 55.
The 10 rupee ticket ended flat at 61. 55.
The rupee ticket ended up flat at 61. 55.
The rupee ended up being flat at 61. 55.
The rupee ended - up flat at 61. 55.
The Baltimore Ravens would have waived LaQuan Williams.
The Baltimore Baltimore Ravens have waived LaQuan Williams.
The Baltimore Ravens have also waived LaQuan Williams.
The Ravens would have also waived LaQuan Williams.
The Ravens would have also waived LaQuan Williams.
Kilkenny City is already bracing for a cold, and windy Christmas.
Kilkenny is now already bracing for a cold, and windy Christmas.
Kilkenny is already bracings itself for a cold, windy Christmas.
Kilkenny is bracing itself for such a very cold, windy Christmas.
Kilkenny is bracing for a very cold, wet and windy Christmas.
Edward Edward Snowden III is considered a hero that has shown greater political leadership than Obama.
Edward Snowden, is considered a hero in that he has shown greater leadership than Obama.
Edward Snowden is considered a hero that has also shown far - greater leadership than Obama.
Edward Edward Snowden is a hero, one person that has shown greater leadership than Obama.
Edward Snowden is a hero, that he has shown greater leadership skills, than Obama.
Lena Dunham will also help write a Archie Comics Comics story in 2015.
Lena Dunham, will write for a Archie Comics short story in 2015.
Lena Dunham will write a Archie Comics short - story starting in 2015.
Lena Dunham will write for a new Archie Comics Comics story in 2015.
Lena Dunham will write a new, ongoing Archie Comics story in 2015.
Habitat International for Humanity will assist the many thousands affected by Typhoon Haiyan.
Habitat for Humanity will assist in the thousands affected worldwide by Typhoon Haiyan.
Habitat for Humanity International Fund will assist thousands affected worldwide by Typhoon Haiyan.
Habitat for Bettering Humanity, will assist thousands affected by Typhoon Haiyan.
Habitat International for Humanity will assist thousands affected worldwide by the Typhoon Haiyan.
Credit Suisse members could cut down up to 500 jobs, while working at its private bank, a newspaper reported.
Credit Suisse could cut off up to 500 jobs working directly at either its private bank, a local newspaper reported.
Credit Suisse could cut up to 500 jobs at least in its private bank, as was such a newspaper reported.
Credit Union Suisses could cut up up to 500 more jobs than at its private bank, a newspaper reported.
Credit Suisse Bank could cut up to only about 500 new jobs at its private bank, as a newspaper reported.
Luke - Hyam is facing out a minimum of two weeks on both of the sidelines.
Luke Hyams is facing out for a minimum of two more weeks on the sidelines.
Luke Hyam is currently currently facing a minimum of only about two weeks on the sidelines.
Luke - Hyam is facing a minimum of about two weeks out on to the sidelines.
Luke Hyam is facing out for a minimum of two weeks, on both the sidelines.
Members " of ConEdison staff are also asking commuters to be patient.
Members not only of ConEdison are asking commuters how to be patient.
Members of the local local ConEdison are asking commuters to be patient.
Members of ConEdison staff are asking commuters to seek help be patient.
Members only of ConEdison are asking commuters to please not be patient.
A bike shop has come to the almost almost immediate rescue of just a Ironman, whose 3, 700 - bike was destroyed.
A bike shop has come in to help the rescuers of a Ironman whose entire 3, 700 - bike bike was destroyed.
A bike shop owner has come to the immediate rescue of a Ironman, one whose 3, 700 - pound bike was destroyed.
A local bike repair shop has come out to the rescue of a Ironman, whose 3, 700 mini - bike was destroyed.
A bike shop has also come to help the rescue of a Ironman, whose $ 3, 700 race - bike was destroyed.
TV star Carol Ann Vorderman performed on her first solo flight solo, at Gloucestershire Airport.
TV star, Carol Vorderman performed on her first solo solo air flight at Gloucestershire Airport.
TV star Carol Vordermann performed her very first solo flight, solo at Gloucestershire Airport.
TV - show star Carol Vorderman performed her first ever solo solo flight at Gloucestershire Airport.
TV show guest star Carol Vorderman performed on her first solo flight at South Gloucestershire Airport.
Two other brothers died years later in a road accident.
Two other brothers also died later in a road accident.
Two three other brothers died in a serious road accident.
Two brothers also died years later in a road accident.
Two brothers have also recently died in a road accident.
The drama shows who who was coming last night but who later was eliminated on The Celebrity Bachelorette 2013.
The new drama was coming last night, but they decided who was eliminated first on The Bachelorette 2013.
The family drama was coming back out last night but who was later eliminated on The Celebrity Bachelorette 2013.
The female reality drama who was not coming last night but who was later eliminated on The Bachelorette 2013.
The drama who who was coming last night but who was eliminated on The Ultimate Celebrity The Bachelorette 2013.
Aquila Inc., is currently eliminating the approximately 200 positions.
Aquila, Inc., is eliminating approximately over 200 positions.
Aquila Inc. is eliminating at approximately just over 200 positions.
Aquila, Inc., is eliminating the approximately 200 positions.
Aquila Inc. is eliminating all of the approximately 200 positions.
Arvind Singh Kejriwal will hold the Delhi darbar music festival on Saturday.
Arvind Kejriwal will also hold the Delhi - city darbar on Saturday.
Arvind Kejriwali will also hold up the Delhi darbar on Saturday.
Arvind Kumar Singh Kejriwale will hold the Delhi darbar on Saturday.
Arvind Kejriwal will also hold up the Delhi darbar festival on Saturday.
China today issued guideline measures to safeguarding its defence interests.
China is today issued guideline to safeguard its own defence interests.
China today has issued guideline and measures to safeguard defence interests.
China is today issued guideline to help to safeguard defence interests.
China today issued guideline measures to help safeguard its defence interests.
The two Iron Duke men then travel to Blacksburg, Va.
The Duke, and men travel to Fort Blacksburg, Va.
The other two Duke men travel together to Blacksburg, Va.
The Iron Duke men then must travel to Blacksburg, Va.
The Grand Duke and men travel together to Blacksburg, Va.
Two teens were shot while standing guard outside on a busy Brentwood sidewalk.
Two young teens who were shot while standing outside on a Brentwood sidewalk.
Two teens who were shot while still standing up on a Brentwood sidewalk.
Two teens were shot while still standing standing on to a Brentwood sidewalk.
Two teens were also shot while still standing outside on a Brentwood sidewalk.
Yahoo! answers viagra.
Yahoo! answers viagra.
Yahoo! answers viagra.
Yahoo! answers viagra.
Yahoo! answers viagra.
Amitabh Singh Bachchan, will start shooting Bhootnath 2, a more direct sequel to 2008 Bhootnath.
Amitabh Bachchan, will start off by shooting for Bhootnath 2, a sequel to 2008 Bhootnath.
Amitabh Bachchan, will start shooting Bhootnath 2, as a sequel film sequel to 2008 Bhootnath.
Amitabh Bachchan, will also start shooting Bhootnath 2, a direct sequel film to 2008 Bhootnath.
Amitabh Bachchan will start off by shooting for Bhootnath 2, a sequel to the 2008 Bhootnath.
Nine persons not directly involved were arrested after a series of drug finds.
Nineteen persons were arrested after a series of of illegal drug finds.
Nine persons were also arrested after a series of illegal illegal drug finds.
Nine persons involved were arrested, after a long series of drug finds.
Nine persons were arrested after a long series of alleged illegal drug finds.
Laura Trott has backed calls calling for and organizing a women's cycling Tour de France.
Laura Trott has also has publicly backed calls for a women's cycling Tour de France.
Laura Trott has backed calls for a women's Touraine and Touraine de France.
Laura de la Trott has backed up calls for organizing a women's Tour de France.
Laura de Trott has backed up calls for a women's club Touraine de France.
Patsy Robertson once advised for a gay woman to set some boundaries in her friendship with a lesbian.
Pat Robertson once advised a woman friend to not deliberately set boundaries in her friendships with a lesbian.
Pat Robertson has advised on being a gay woman to set new boundaries in her friendship with a lesbian.
Pat Robertson had advised such a young woman to set boundaries in establishing further her friendship with a lesbian.
Pat Robertson advised a woman not try anything to set boundaries in her friendship with someone being a lesbian.
Plank jacks with feet not being mounted on sliding discs are.
Plank - jacks with feet mounted on the sliding discs are.
Plank - mounted jacks with feet on sliding rubber discs are.
Plank - mounted jacks with the feet on sliding discs are.
Plank - jacks with the feet mounted on sliding discs are.
Chevon Walker, could be right back in for next Saturday's game.
Chevon Walker, could be back for the game next Saturday's game.
Chevon, Walker, could not be coming back for Saturday's game.
Chevon, Walker, could be coming back soon for Saturday's game.
Chevon Walker, could be right now back in for Saturday's game.
Parts of Metro - Manila became a waterworld, especially when following heavy rain.
Parts of Metro - Manila - Manila became a waterworld, following heavy rain.
Parts north of Metro Manila Bay also became a waterworld, following heavy rain.
Parts of Metro - North Manila became a waterworld, especially following heavy rain.
Parts of south of Metro Manila became primarily a waterworld, following heavy rain.
George Edwarde Zimmerman has been also found not guilty.
George Zimmerman has also been found guilty not not guilty.
George Edward Zimmerman has also been found not not guilty.
George - Edward Zimmerman has been found not not guilty.
George Zimmerman has since also been later found not guilty.
Former Republican Party first lady Barbara W Bush remained hospitalized.
Former first lady, Barbara W. Bush remained hospitalized.
Former Republican first lady Barbara Bush has also remained hospitalized.
Former Republican and first lady Barbara W Bush remained hospitalized.
Former first - lady, Barbara Bush, remained hospitalized.
Assailants blew - - up of a gas pipeline in Egypt.
Assailants also blew blow - up a gas pipeline in Egypt.
Assailants blew up on board a natural gas pipeline in Egypt.
Assailants also allegedly blew up a gas pipeline located in Egypt.
Assailants also blew up on a natural gas pipeline in Egypt.
Manitoba former deputy chief public health officer is seen delivering a lecture.
Manitoban former public health officer, he is delivering a lecture.
Manitoba former public health affairs officer, is delivering him a lecture.
Manitoba former public - health officer is seen delivering him a lecture.
Manitoba former chief public health health officer, is delivering a lecture.
Steve, and Spurrier still going strong.
Steve the Spurrier still was going strong.
Steve Spurrier still was not going strong.
Steve Spurrier, still was going strong.
Steve and Spurrier still were going strong.
Stellar Diamonds Limited, has not renewed its Mandala mining licence.
Stellar Diamonds Limited, Limited has renewed its Mandala mining licence.
Stellar Diamonds has renewed its interest on its Mandala mining licence.
Stellar Energy Diamonds has renewed on it its Mandala mining licence.
Stellar Gold Diamonds has recently renewed its Mandala Gold mining licence.
Two other young men were indicted for rape.
Two men he arrested were indicted for rape.
Two men he arrested were indicted for rape.
Two men were later indicted, for rape.
Two men also were indicted, for rape.
Tele - Columbus Media has boosted its offering.
TeleX - Columbus has boosted its offering.
Tele Columbus Media has also boosted its offering.
TeleX - Columbus has boosted its offering.
Tele Columbus has boosted back up its offering.
A new 12th Sexually Violent Predator family has moved back to Colorado Springs.
A new, 12th Sexually - Violent Predator has moved to Colorado Springs.
A new 12th Sexually Active and Violent Predator has moved to Colorado Springs.
A 12th Sexually Violent Predator Group has moved back to nearby Colorado Springs.
A 12th Sexually Violent Predator Group has since moved to downtown Colorado Springs.
P. Chidambaram himself is humiliated by not even allowing him to speak in Hindi.
P Chidambaram is humiliated by not allowing time for him to even speak in Hindi.
P Chidambaram was humiliated, by not even allowing him permission to speak in Hindi.
P Chidambaram is humiliated by not even allowing for him permission to speak in Hindi.
P Chidambaram himself was humiliated by not allowing time for him to speak in Hindi.
Gearoid and Farrelly both, will be performing at the GB Shaw.
Gearoid Farrelly will also also be seen performing at the GB Shaw.
Gearoid Farrelly will also also be performing at at the GB Shaw.
Gearoid and Farrelly will be performing together at at the GB Shaw.
Gearoid Farrelly will be also be seen performing at the GB Shaw.
State employee behind allegations made against Dany - Rutherford resigned.
State Department employee behind allegations made against Dany Rutherford resigned.
State Department employee behind allegations made earlier against Dan Rutherford resigned.
State employee behind the allegations made against him Dan Rutherford resigned.
State employee behind all the corruption allegations against Dan Rutherford resigned.
An unnamed official FIR has also been successfully registered against Beni Prasad Verma for calling Narendra Modi as the biggest goondar of RSS.
An open FIR has also been successfully successfully registered against Beni Prasad Verma, for calling Narendra Modi the biggest goondar of RSS.
An FIR has been successfully registered against Beni Krishna Prasad Verma for calling for making Narendra Modi the second - biggest goonda of RSS.
An FIR has also also been registered, against Beni Prasad Verma, for allegedly calling on Narendra Modi the biggest goonda of RSS.
An official FIR has been registered against Beni Prasad Verma for allegedly calling Narendranath Modi, as the second biggest goonda of RSS.
Rider Ben Spies announced his imminent retirement very early from racing.
Rider Ben Spies announced upon his retirement early on from racing.
Rider rider Ben Spiess announced his 2015 retirement from racing.
Rider owner Ben Spies announced of his imminent retirement from racing.
Rider Ben Spiess announced his 2015 season retirement from racing.
Ashley Judd is later seen reuniting with, her estranged husband.
Ashley Judd is later seen briefly reuniting with her estranged husband.
Ashley Judd is seen reuniting with her by now estranged husband.
Ashley Judd is seen briefly reuniting her with her estranged husband.
Ashley Judd is reuniting her daughter with now her estranged husband.
Jenny McCarthy is joining The Insider View as a co - host.
Jenny McCarthy is joining on The Inside View as a co - host.
Jenny McCarthy is now joining The Inside View as co co - host.
Jennyl McCarthy is now joining The View as co co - host.
Jenny McCarthy also is joining The Insider View as co - host.
It's the day Duchess Mary Margaret of Cambridge has been crowned best new British celebrity style icon.
It's the Duchesses of Cambridge who has been crowned best ever new British celebrity style icon.
It's the Duchess who University of Cambridge has just been the crowned best British celebrity style icon.
It's the Duchess of Cambridge Cambridge Cambridge, who has been crowned best British celebrity style icon.
It's like the Duchess of Cambridge Cambridge has just been crowned best British TV celebrity style icon.
Tata Martino will not ever return to Argentina.
Tata Martino, will not return to Argentina.
Tata Martino, will not return to Argentina.
Tata and Martino will return home to Argentina.
Tata Martino, will return home to Argentina.
Prabhudheva wants to work together with not only him again soon.
Prabhudheva wants to work together with him, once again soon.
Prabhudhevan wants her to work with only him again soon.
Prabhudheva wants to come and work with him once again soon.
Prabhudhevan also wants her to work with him again soon.
The Greater Pendleton County Round - Up plans to hire its first female paid executive.
The Pendleton Round - Up plans is to hire its first female, paid executive.
The Camp Pendleton Round - Up plans to hire as its very first paid executive.
The Pendleton County Round - Up plans to hire as its first female paid executive.
The Pendleton Round - Up plans to hire its very very own first paid executive.
The original bail plea of BSP MP Dhananjay Ram Kumar Singh was still today rejected.
The bailiffs plea agreement of BSP MP Dhananjay Kumar Singh was today rejected.
The bail plea, of BSP MP Dhananjay Singh against Singh, was today rejected.
The bail plea of the BSP MP, Dhananjay Kumar Singha was today rejected.
The bail plea of the BSP MP Dhananjay to Ram Kumar Singh was today rejected.
Pakistan signed a resolution to import 1, 300 10000 - MW of electricity from Kyrgyz Autonomous Republic and Tajikistan.
Pakistan signed a resolution seeking permission to import 1, 300 - MW of electricity from Kyrgyz Republics, and Tajikistan.
Pakistan signed a joint venture resolution to import 1, 000 300 - MW of electricity from Kyrgyz Republics and Tajikistan.
Pakistan signed a resolution to import just over 1, 000 300 MWh of electricity from the Kyrgyz Republic and Tajikistan.
Pakistan signed a joint venture resolution to import over 1, 000 300 - MW of electricity from Kyrgyz Republic and Tajikistan.
Two suicide and suicide bombers targeted the Iranian center located in Beirut.
Two dozen other suicide bombers also targeted the Iranian center in Beirut.
Two suicide bombers targeted the main Sunni - Iranian center in Beirut.
Two suicide suicide bombers have also targeted the Iranian center in Beirut.
Two suicide - bombers targeted the Iranian Islamic cultural center in Beirut.
Neil Young will release the album Live At The Electric Cellar Door.
Neil Young will also release the Live At - The Cellar Door.
Neil Young will release Live! Live At The Music Cellar Door.
Neil Young Records will release " Live At The Electric Cellar Door.
Neil Neil Young Live Records will release Live At The Cellar Door.
The assessor will also then send out notices of valuation.
The district assessor general then will send notices of valuation.
The assessor will also then send out notices of valuation.
The tax assessor will send out notices regardless of valuation.
The assessor will then send - out notices of valuation.
Iraqis have braved both the threat of bombs, and violence to vote.
Iraqis braved all the constant threat, of bombs and violence to vote.
Iraqis braved the constant military threat of bombs and domestic violence to vote.
Iraqis have braved the constant threat of bombs, and violence to vote.
Iraqis braved the constant threat of bombs, and violence began to vote.
A parrot from a recently stolen fron Harry in Tuffins supermarket has been found alive and well.
A stuffed parrot stolen by fron Harry Tuffins'supermarket has also been found alive and well.
A parrot stolen frond Harry Tuffins supermarket, has been found, alive alive and well.
A stuffed parrot stolen fron Harry Tuffins'supermarket, has also been found alive and well.
A stuffed parrot stolen fron Harry in a Tuffins supermarket has been found alive alive and well.
Social - media marketing vendor, Hearsays Social Inc. has raised $ $ 30 million.
Social media marketing vendor Hearsay Social Media Inc. has also raised over $ $ 30 million.
Social - media marketing vendor Hearsays Social Media Inc., has raised $ 30 million.
Social media marketing service vendor Hearsay Social Inc. has reportedly also raised over $ 30 million.
Social multi - media marketing vendor Hearsay Social Inc. has raised $ US $ 30 million.
Philip Seymour Hoffman Hoffman has also been later found dead.
Philip Seymour Hoffman has since also been later found dead.
Philip Philip Seymour Hoffman has also recently been found dead.
Philip Philip Seymour Hoffman Hoffman has also been found dead.
Philip Seymour Hoffman has also recently been found found dead.
Cocaine residue has been found only recently at Oxford University buildings.
Cocaine has been also found at several Oxford City University buildings.
Cocaine residue has been also found at Oxford and University buildings.
Cocaine has been found only once at the Oxford University buildings.
Cocaine has also been found in at Oxford and University buildings.
The four Pennsylvania Departments of Education published rules based on gainful employment, establishing regulations.
The Departments of Education published rules based on gainful employment, but without establishing regulations.
The Department of Education published the rules, based solely on gainful employment, establishing regulations.
The Pennsylvania Department of Education published rules based on gainful employment, but without establishing regulations.
The Pennsylvania Department of Education published rules on gainful employment, without explicitly explicitly establishing regulations.
A South East - Central Florida man killed his wife and young son with only a crossbow and then he slit his throat.
A South Central Florida man killed his wife and young son first with a wooden hunting crossbow and then slitting his throat.
A South Florida man killed his wife, daughter, and son, each with a crossbow and then slitted his throat.
A South Florida man had killed his wife, and son with only a wooden crossbow and he would then slit his throat.
A South Central Florida white man killed his pregnant wife and son with a crossbow and then he would then slit his throat.
No. # 1 Southern California California will look to add to extend out its win streak.
No. 2 #. 1 Southern California will look to add more to its win streak.
No. 1 Southern California California State will look forward to add more to its win streak.
No. 1 ranked team Southern California California will look to add to extend its win streak.
No. 1 ranked Southern California State will look to help add to it its win streak.
Ossiam Investment Bank Limited has developed a smart beta strategy for investing in new corporate bonds.
Ossiam Capital has also developed a smart beta strategy framework for investing in new corporate bonds.
Ossiam has developed into a smart - card beta strategy for investing money in corporate bonds.
Ossiam has also developed this into a smart beta strategy for investing money in corporate bonds.
Ossiam has developed into a new smart - beta strategy for companies investing in corporate bonds.
A teacher has also been arrested twice on the charges of forcing a female student not to clean a urinal.
A teacher who has been arrested on the charges of forcing a student not to clean up in a urinal.
A female teacher has been arrested, on charges alleged of forcing a female student to clean in a urinal.
A school teacher who has been arrested twice on charges of forcing " " a student to clean a urinal.
A teacher has been arrested twice on charges of forcing on a student to not clean - up a urinal.
An experienced whisky maker is bracing for even such a battle.
An old whisky bottle - maker is bracing for a battle.
An whisky maker who is bracing himself for such a battle.
An whisky maker is always not quite bracing for a battle.
An whisky - maker is bracing himself for such a battle.
Politically Newcomer, Curt Clawson has won in the GOP primary.
Political action party Newcomer Curt Clawson has also won the GOP primary.
Political Party Newcomer Curt Clawson has won in both the GOP primary.
Political Newcomer Curtin - Clawson also has won the GOP primary.
Political Newcomer John Curtin Clawson has also won the GOP primary.
Syria has now also reached a critical moment.
Syria war has now reached a critical moment.
Syria The war has reached a critical moment.
Syria has reached such as a critical moment.
Syria has reached such as a critical moment.
On watching the last episode, of drama series Generation of Youth, Deguchi Gaya cried at Shin Yi - Chi's death.
On the episode 2 of the drama series Generations of Youth, Deguchi Gaya cried at the Shin Yi Chi's death.
On watching the very first episode of drama series Generation of Youth, actress Deguchi Gaya cried at Shin Yi Chi's death.
On watching the episode episode one of drama Generation of Youth, Deguchi Gaya cried at the Shin Yi - Chi's death.
On the episode of drama Generation of Youth, Deguchi Gaya cried out grief at Lee Shing Yi - Chi's death.
Archeologists say they may have unearthed here in Nepal what, they say is the second oldest Buddhist shrine.
Archeologists say they may have unearthed in Nepal they say is most probably, the second oldest Buddhist shrine.
Archeologists also say that they may have been unearthed in Nepal they say is the second oldest Buddhist shrine.
Archeologists who say they have not been unearthed in Nepal they also say is probably the oldest Buddhist shrine.
Archeologists say they have unearthed another one in Nepal which, they say is the oldest extant Buddhist shrine.
Dixons Home Retail today revealed plans to and eventually sell PIXmania.
Dixons Retail today revealed plans however not yet to sell PIXmania.
Dixons Retail today has revealed plans however not to sell PIXmania.
Dixons Retail has today revealed its plans to eventually sell PIXmania.
Dixons Retail has today revealed that its plans to sell PIXmania.
Two women face charges, for making death threats, on Facebook.
Two women face criminal harassment charges for making death threats on Facebook.
Two other women face charges for making false death threats on Facebook.
Two women face charges, for allegedly making threats posted on Facebook.
Two women face federal criminal charges for making threats posted on Facebook.
An African elephant accidentally killed a zookeeper.
An Indian bush elephant killed a zookeeper.
An injured Indian elephant killed a zookeeper.
An Indian elephant accidentally killed a zookeeper.
An elephant has accidentally killed a zookeeper.
Spice Girls'fans have been offered $ 41 million in tickets for a Las Vegas reunion.
Spice Girls have been offered $ US $ 41 million tickets for a 2012 Las Vegas reunion.
Spice Girls fans would have been offered $ 416 million for a Las - Vegas reunion.
Spice Girls have been offered $ 41 million tickets annually for a Las Vegas - Vegas reunion.
Spice Girls have been offered US US $ US 41 million for a Las - Vegas reunion.
A man who has been extradited is in a connection connected with child abduction in Slough.
A third man has been extradited in connection again with the child abductions in Slough.
A man who has recently been extradited, in a connection with child abduction in Slough.
A child maniac has also recently been extradited in connection with child abduction in Slough.
A man has also been extradited in a connection with investigating a child abduction in Slough.
The two pirates have landed in on the Mollywood, again.
The two pirates must have just landed in Mollywood, again.
The pirates have landed, back in the Mollywood, again.
The pirates must have already landed back in Mollywood, again.
The other pirates have landed, back in Mollywood, again.
Russia will impose further, reciprocal sanctions against the United States US and the EU.
Russia also will impose reciprocal sanctions both against the US and against within the EU.
Russia will impose reciprocal economic sanctions and sanctions against both the US and the EU.
Russia, which will also impose reciprocal sanctions both against the US and the EU.
Russia also will impose reciprocal economic sanctions both directly against the US and the EU.
Microsoft Research Corp's Windows Phone 8. 1 is available.
Microsoft Research Corp's Microsoft Windows 8. 1 is available.
Microsoft Research Corp's Windows Phone 8. 1 is available.
Microsoft Corp's Windows Mobile Phone 8. 1 is available.
Microsoft Corp's Windows Phone 8. 1 version is available.
Google on a Monday said it agreed not to buy Titan Aerospace.
Google Mondays said it agreed to not officially buy Titan Aerospace.
Google Monday said it agreed not to directly directly buy Titan Aerospace.
Google Mondays said it agreed to and eventually buy Titan Aerospace.
Google Monday said again that it had agreed to buy Titan Aerospace.
Kamal Haasan, threatened, and pledged his commitment back to serving the country.
Kamal Haasan, threatened, pledged allegiance due to his commitment to the country.
Kamala Haasan, threatened, and pledged his commitment to serving the country.
Kamala Haasan, feeling threatened, also pledged his commitment to the country.
Kamal Haasan, threatened, pledged his life commitment to continue serving the country.
India currently needs over a 26, 000 independent directors.
India needs over half a 26, 000 independent directors.
India needs over a 26, 000 000 independent directors.
India needs well over 26, 000 000 independent directors.
India currently needs just over 26, 000 independent directors.
Ireland's economy is set up to grow by far more than what the Government currently has forecast.
Ireland's economy is set to rapidly grow rapidly by more than what ever the Government has forecast.
Ireland's national economy now is set to grow by more than double what the Government has forecast.
Ireland's national economy currently is set to grow very rapidly by more than the Government has forecast.
Ireland's economy however, currently is set to grow by more than the Government currently has forecast.
Base, the all 2014 season winning Porsche GT3 race car is nothing short of amazing.
Base, the all - 2014 season Porsche GT3 race is still nothing short of amazing.
Base, the all 2014 Porsche GT3 race is still nothing very much short of amazing.
Base, the same almost all the 2014 Porsche 911 GT3 is nothing short of amazing.
Base, the all 2014 Porsche Porsche 911 GT3 race is nothing short - of amazing.
There's a statewide effort to help prevent widespread domestic child abuse.
There's a statewide effort underway to help help prevent child abuse.
There's also a statewide effort underway to prevent domestic child abuse.
There's a statewide government - sponsored effort to prevent child abuse.
There's a statewide effort to prevent child domestic and child abuse.
Police are investigating possible drive by shootings of the two young black teenagers in villages in and near Bucklebury.
Police are investigating possible local police and drive by car shootings of the two teenagers in villages near Bucklebury.
Police also are investigating possible and attempted drive by car shootingss of two teenagers in villages near Bucklebury.
Police are investigating a possible drive - by shootings, of two teenagers living in two villages near Bucklebury.
Police are also investigating possible youth drive by and shootings of two teenagers living in villages and near Bucklebury.
Paul Simon were also arrested, after having a domestic dispute.
Paul and Simon were also arrested after a serious domestic dispute.
Paul Simon were also later arrested after having a domestic dispute.
Paul Simon were also later arrested, after a domestic dispute.
Paul Simons were also arrested after a serious domestic dispute.
Men can dream and women dream.
Men dream, and women dream.
Men can dream and women dream.
Men can dream and women dream.
Men and the other women dream.
Daniel Ricciardo will also face the internal battle along with Red Bull Racing teammate, Sebastian Vettel.
Daniel Ricciardo will face the internal battle with his fellow former Ferrari Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel.
Daniel Ricciardo will face - off off the internal title battle with Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel.
Daniel Ricciardo, will face off in the internal battle with Red Bull Racing teammate Sebastian Vettel.
Daniel Ricciardo will face the internal title battle along with his Red Bull Racing teammate Sebastian Vettel.
Petey Seeger, not the man, died.
Pete Seeger, the original third man, died.
Petey Seeger, the third man, died.
Petey Seeger, the third man, died.
Pete Seeger, but not the man, died.
A mafia crime boss was being being fed alive to pigs.
A ruthless mafia boss was now being fed alive to pigs.
A ruthless ruthless mafia boss who was fed alive to pigs.
A very old ruthless mafia boss was fed alive to pigs.
A mafia crime boss was fed alive and down to pigs.
Pakistan, and China will enhance their cooperation in global defence production.
Pakistan and China, will also enhance cooperation in global defence production.
Pakistan and the China will enhance their cooperation in global defence production.
Pakistan, and later China, will enhance cooperation in defence production.
Pakistan and the host China will also enhance cooperation in defence production.
How easily, you can turn any other web site into a menu or bar app.
How you can easily turn almost any web - site app into a menu bar app.
How you can easily turn almost any web site into just such a menu bar app.
How you can turn almost any web - site into such a simple menu bar app.
How you can easily just turn any web site into such a simple menu bar app.
Boston Milan : Lucicci has been fined $ 5, 000 000 for spearing.
Boston Milan - Lucic has also been fined US $ 5, 000 for spearing.
Boston Milan - Lucic has been fined US $. 5, 000 for spearing.
Boston Milan Luciccito has also been fined $ 5, 000 for spearing.
Boston Milan Lucic has long since also been fined $ 5, 000 for spearing.
Kate, Winslet, has given birth again to a baby boy.
Kate Winslet has given birth again to only a healthy baby boy.
Kate Winslet, has given birth again to only a baby boy.
Katelyn Winslet has given birth only to only a baby boy.
Kate Winslet, has given birth to a healthy, baby boy.
A third man was also seriously injured while trying unsuccessfully to help catch the trolley.
A man was seriously injured while still standing trying to help catch up the trolley.
A man also injured was seriously injured, while trying to catch up the trolley.
A third man was also seriously - injured, while trying to catch the trolley.
A man was seriously injured, while still desperately trying to catch up the trolley.
2013 07 - 27T10 : 00 459 : 00Z You and the Law : I really'm afraid of my wife's big new business idea.
2013 - 07 - 27T101 : 451 : 00Z You and I the Law : I'm afraid of my wife's new business idea.
2013 07 - 27T101 : 00 45 : 00Z You and Am I the Law : I'm not afraid of my wife's business idea.
2013 - 07 - 04 - 27T10 : 451 : 00Z You and the Law : I'm not afraid of my wife's business idea.
2013 - 07 - 27T10 : 45 : 00Z You and Am I the Same Law : I'm afraid of losing my wife's business idea.
CMJ Punk will appear on Stopping the Talking Dead next week.
CM Punk will appear again on the album Talking Dead the next week.
CM Punk will not appear again on the Talking Evil Dead next week.
CM Punk will appear on the Talking Evil Is Dead album next week.
CMJ Punk will also appear on the Talking Evil Dead next week.
Paris Saint Saint - - Germain football player Zlatanko Ibrahimovic has urged Wayne Rooney to join.
Paris Saint - Germain football player, Zlatanko Ibrahimovic, has urged Wayne Rooney to join.
Paris Saint - Germain player, Zlatanko Ibrahimovic has urged manager Wayne Rooney not to join.
Paris Saint - Germain football player Zlatan Ibrahimovic has urged footballer, Wayne Rooney not to join.
Paris Saint - Germain football player, Zlatan Ibrahimovic has urged footballer, Wayne Rooney to join.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers currently, are considering not signing DeSean Jackson.
The Tampa Buccaneers - Tampa Bay Buccaneers are not signing DeSean Jackson.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers'are currently not signing quarterback DeSean Jackson.
The expansion Tampa Bay Buccaneers currently are not signing quarterback DeSean Jackson.
The Tampa - Tampa Bay Tampa Buccaneers are not signing DeSean Jackson.
One full week after their abduction, more than more than 200 young girls are reportedly still missing in Nigeria.
One week or later after their abduction, no longer more than 200 young girls are still missing in Nigeria.
One week later after their abduction, no more than half of a 200 girls are still missing in Nigeria.
One week after reporting their first alleged abduction, now more than a 200 girls are still missing in Nigeria.
One full week, after their abduction, more than more than 200 girls, are still missing in Nigeria.
Public employee pension retirement plans alone are underfunded, by a $ 4. 5 1 trillion.
Public employee retirement pension plans are underfunded, by just over a $ 4. 1 trillion.
Public employee employee pension retirement plans are underfunded by over half a $ 4. 1 trillion.
Public employee pension retirement pension plans are underfunded by a US $ $ 4. 1 trillion.
Public employee and retirement pension plans are underfunded by a $ US $ 4. 1 trillion.
Libyan authorities vowed to stick close to the democratic electoral path two opposition opposition MPs were shot.
Libyan authorities vowed that to always stick too close to the democratic path two MPs were shot.
Libyan authorities vowed to stick to the more democratic path after two MPs who resigned were shot.
Libyan central government authorities vowed to stick to following the new democratic path two MPs were shot.
Libyan authorities have vowed not to stick to following the democratic path two Libyan MPs were shot.
More than of thousands participated in the July 11th National LGBTQ Pride Day Parade in Taipei.
More than of 100 + thousands people participated in the 11th National LGBT Pride Parade in Taipei.
More more than of thousands participated in organizing the July 11th National LGBT Pride Parade in Taipei.
More more than of thousands people participated in organizing the 11th National LGBT Pride Parade in Taipei.
More than of thousands participated in organizing the 11th annual National LGBTQ Pride Parade in Taipei.
XV may also be linked directly to XIII.
XV may be also linked directly to XIII.
XV. may also be linked to XIII.
XV may be directly linked directly to XIII.
XV. may be directly linked to XIII.
Christina Aguilera are expecting only, a healthy baby girl.
Christina Aguilera are also expecting, having a baby girl.
Christina Aguilera are also expecting but only a baby girl.
Christina Aguilera, are also now expecting a baby girl.
Christina Aguilera, are also expecting, a baby girl.
A reward scheme is being offered in the arrest of the last two bank - robbery suspects.
A reward is being also offered in case of the subsequent arrest of two bank robbery suspects.
A large reward is being offered also being offered in the arrest of two bank robbery suspects.
A reward is now also being offered in the arresting of the two bank robbery suspects.
A reward scheme is being being offered in the arresting of two suspected bank robbery suspects.
Dartmouth researchers have developed both a novel and yet unique approach approach used primarily to treating Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia.
Dartmouth researchers have also developed a novel, and unique, approach approach to successfully treating Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia.
Dartmouth researchers have developed both a relatively novel approach and a unique approach to treating Chronic - Lymphocytic Leukemia.
Dartmouth researchers, have developed a novel and unique clinical clinical trial based approach to treating Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia.
Dartmouth researchers, have developed a novel and yet unique therapeutic - approach approach to treating Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia.
China PR will not bid directly for the 2019 FIFA Club World Cup.
China will not bid directly for the upcoming 2019 FIFA Club World Cup.
China will not bid directly for the upcoming 2019 FIFA Club World Cup.
China PR will therefore have not bid for the FIFA Club World Cup.
China will not bid for the 2019 FIFA World Club Football World Cup.
Platinum Equity has completed with the acquisition of the company Volvo Rents.
Platinum Partners Equity Partners LLC has completed the acquisition of Volvo Rents.
Platinum Private Private Equity has completed the pending acquisition of Volvo Rents.
Platinum Equity has completed on the pending acquisition of the Volvo Rents.
Platinum Equity has also completed the pending acquisition of the Volvo Rents.
Water quality is likely to also emerge again as a major challenge issue especially in Odisha.
Water quality is likely yet to emerge as a single, major economic challenge in Odisha.
Water quality - quality is likely yet again to emerge as a major challenge in Odisha.
Water quality is likely yet not to emerge again as such a major challenge in Odisha.
Water quality is likely to very soon emerge once again as a major challenge in Odisha.
Paul Paul McCartney then returns to Candlestick Park again for attending the venue's final concert.
Paul Paul McCartney returns to Candlestick Park for the venue's annual Christmas grand final concert.
Paul McCartney returns to Candlesticks Park, London for the venue's grand final concert.
Paul McCartney returns to the Candlestick Park for the new concert venue's grand final concert.
Paul McCartney then returns back home to Candlestick Park for the venue's grand final concert.
A school teacher allegedly sexually raped his pupil.
A teacher allegedly raped by drowning his pupil.
A teacher also allegedly raped by his pupil.
A teacher allegedly sexually rapeds his pupil.
A school teacher allegedly raped by his pupil.
A very young woman survived from a 50 metre fall.
A young woman also narrowly survived a 50 metre fall.
A young woman survived from a fatal 50 metre fall.
A very young woman also survived a 50 metre fall.
A young woman survived a 50 - - metre fall.
Robert Pickton appeared in court, accompanied only by video.
Robert Pickton appeared in visiting the tennis court by video.
Robert Pickton appeared again in the tennis court by video.
Robert - Lee Pickton appeared in court accompanied by video.
Robert Pickton appeared in visiting the tennis court by video.
The Miami Beach Marlins have decided not to insert Kevin Slowey into in the starting starting rotation.
The expansion Miami Marlins would have decided not to insert outfielder Kevin Slowey into the starting rotation.
The Miami Marlins would have decided not to insert outfielder Kevin Slowey back into the starting rotation.
The Miami South Beach Marlins have also decided to insert Kevin Lee Slowey into the starting rotation.
The Miami Marlins have also recently decided to insert Kevin Slowey into in on the starting rotation.
Calif. - 21st Century Fox, NBCUniversal and The New Walt Walt Disney Company have today announced they will all will maintain their respective ownership and positions in Hulu.
Calif. - - The 21st Century Fox Fox, NBCUniversal, and The Walt Walt Disney Pictures Company today announced they will each maintain their ownership positions in Hulu.
Calif. - 21st Century Fox Fox, NBCUniversal and The Walt Disney - Disney Company today have announced they will maintain all their ownership rights and positions in Hulu.
Calif. - - 21st - Century Fox, NBCUniversal and The Walt Disney - Disney Company today announced that they will each maintain their ownership and positions in Hulu.
Calif. - - - 21st Century Fox, Fox NBCUniversal, and Disney The Walt Disney Company today announced they will still not maintain their ownership positions in Hulu.
Nawaz Sharif Sharif will address at the upcoming annual UN General Assembly session next week.
Nawaz Sharif will also address the next UN General Assembly in session the next week.
Nawaz Sharifi will also address at the UN General Assembly session held next week.
Nawaz Sharif will address at all the UNSCR General Assembly session next week.
Nawaz Sharif will also address the UNSC General Assembly meeting in session next week.
Who then is pronounced dead doctors he later says comes back to life.
Who is pronounced dead doctors until he comes right back back to life.
Who is later pronounced dead doctors he says comes back back to life.
Who is later being pronounced dead doctors he comes back back to life.
Who is pronounced by dead doctors he says he comes back to life.
Tiger Woods - Woods often hits balls from Asia to Europe.
Tiger Woods hits all the balls from Asia down to Europe.
Tiger Woods also regularly hits balls from Southeast Asia to Europe.
Tiger - Woods hits the balls from Asia down to Europe.
Tiger Woods hits balls from Asia down south America to Europe.
Children learn that while playing they play.
Children learn English while playing they play.
Children learn that while playing they play.
Children also learn English while they play.
Children learn some English while they play.
Amanda Bynes, has been recently released from her inpatient treatment.
Amanda - Bynes has been recently released from her inpatient treatment.
Amanda Bynes has since been released early from her inpatient treatment.
Amanda Bynes, who has been released from her inpatient treatment.
Amanda Marie Bynes, has been recently released from inpatient treatment.
Tibetan fashion - label, YEEOM held such a fashion show in Lhasa.
Tibetan fashion - label YEEOM held also a major fashion show in Lhasa.
Tibetan fashion sub - brand label YEEOM held a fashion show in Lhasa.
Tibetan fashion - label YEEOM held a fashion fashion show held in Lhasa.
Tibetan fashion label YEEOM has held a fashion - show held in Lhasa.
Hall of Famer, pitcher Billie Sharman died Friday.
Hall of Famer, Billie Sharman also died Friday.
Hall of Professional Baseball Famer, Bill Sharman died Friday.
Hall of Famer Billi Sharman has also died Friday.
Hall of Baseball Famer, Coach Bill Sharman died Friday.
High Court Representative made a statement after the 2014 Eastern Atlantic Economic Partnership Foreign Ministers'meeting.
High Representative Smith made a public opinion statement after the North Eastern Partnership Foreign Ministers'meeting.
High Court Representative Smith also made a statement after the Eastern Partnership Foreign Affairs Ministers'meeting.
High Court Representative made a statement shortly after attending the North Eastern Partnership Foreign Ministers'meeting.
High Representative made a statement after discussing the Eastern Partnership and before the Foreign Ministers'meeting.
Local government townships, are also preparing for winter weather.
Local rural townships are preparing themselves for the winter weather.
Local townships also are constantly preparing themselves for winter weather.
Local townships also are preparing themselves well for winter weather.
Local government townships are also preparing them for winter weather.
Blythedale claimants heard about just how government officials were messed up.
Blythedale claims claimants have heard about how government officials messed up.
Blythedale claimants heard how many government elected officials were messed up.
Blythedale claimants had never heard how government officials were messed up.
Blythedale claimants had never heard how government officials were messed up.
Clawfingers are out calling, quitting.
Clawfinger are out - calling, quitting.
Clawfinger are still out calling, quitting.
Clawfingers fans are calling, quitting.
Clawfinger are out - calling, quitting.
MIAMI, President Jeffrey Dean - Webb has paid a tribute to the leader Martin Luther King.
MIAMI, Jeffrey Dean Webb has paid tribute to the leader Martin, Martin Martin Luther King.
MIAMI, Jeffrey Webb has also paid tribute to being the world leader Martin Martin Luther King.
MIAMI, Jeffrey Webb has paid as a tribute to the leader, King Martin Luther King.
MIAMI, Jeffrey Lee Webb, has also paid tribute to the leader Martin Martin Luther King.
Aras Ozbiliz may also miss playing in the friendly match against Russia.
Aras Ozbilizzi also may miss the friendly international match against Russia.
Aras Ozbiliz may also not miss the next friendly match against Russia.
Aras Ozbiliz may miss the friendly match, played away against Russia.
Arasli and Ozbiliz may miss in the friendly match against Russia.
I just did absolutely nothing, Rodriguez told.
I did nothing, " Detective Rodriguez told.
I just did absolutely nothing, Rodriguez told.
I did... nothing, " Rodriguez told.
I just did nothing, " Rodriguez told.
The program is a fun way for them to help get help learn more about the Bible.
The program is a very very fun new way for them to learn more about the Bible.
The Bible program is a very fun way for getting them to better learn about the Bible.
The program itself, is a fun way, for them to learn more about the Bible.
The program is also a fun way out, for allowing them to learn about the Bible.
Edvard Miliband is pelted with two white eggs during a family visit in south London.
Ed Miliband is found pelted with bird eggs, during such a visit in south London.
Ed Miliband is pelted with his two eggs during a surprise family visit in south London.
Edvard Miliband is pelted with two eggs, during such a visit in south London.
Ed Miliband, is pelted down with two eggs during such a visit in south London.
The former East Naperville Park School District has scrapped plans for a new basketball court.
The Naperville Park District has scrapped plans for adding seats and in a basketball court.
The Naperville Regional Park District has scrapped plans specifically designed specifically for a basketball court.
The Naperville Park District has scrapped its plans for the adding in a basketball court.
The Greater New Naperville Park School District has scrapped its plans for a basketball court.
John Kerry and Kerry will visit China Friday.
John Kerry, will visit South China Friday.
John and Kerry, will visit China Friday.
John Kerry, will also visit China Friday.
John and Kerry will also visit China Friday.
A young man who is currently incarcerated facing charges he assaulted two intellectually disabled people.
A man who is facing charges he assaulted himself with killing two intellectually disabled people.
A man who is facing charges that he assaulted himself with two intellectually disabled people.
A young man is currently facing charges he sexually assaulted two other intellectually disabled people.
A man who is facing charges he has assaulted two dozen other intellectually disabled people.
The Greens are calling out on MP Nicki Smith to resign.
The Australian National Greens are calling out on Nick Smith to resign.
The Greens are calling out pressure on Nicki Smith to resign.
The Greens are now calling out on Nick Smithers to resign.
The Greens are calling out on Premier Nicki Smith to resign.
Utility man, Craigy Biggio has missed making the current official MLB Baseball Hall of Fame by two votes.
Utility man Craigy Biggio has missed making the MLB Halls of Fame list, only by two votes.
Utility - utility - man Craigy Biggio has narrowly missed making the MLB Hall of Fame by two votes.
Utility man Craig De Biggio has narrowly missed making the then current MLB Hall of Fame by only two votes.
Utility man Craig De Biggio has narrowly missed making the current MLB Hall of Fame by receiving only two votes.
Gulf Finance House has signed in order,,, to sell off 75 per cent of their remaining stake in the Leeds United Football Club.
Gulf Finance House has been signed in order to sell off 75 per - cent of their majority stake in Leeds Leeds United Association Football Club.
Gulf Finances Companies House has been signed in order to also sell 75 per - cent of their majority stake in Leeds United Football Club.
Gulf Finance House has signed in an order to sell 75 per - cent of all of their stake in the Leeds Leeds United Football Club.
Gulf Finance House has signed, and in order, to sell off 75 per cent of their majority stake in Leeds Leeds United Football Club.
Boeing today delivered the entire 8, 000 000th 737.
Boeing has today delivered the entire 8, 000th 737.
Boeing Aviation today has delivered the 8, 000th 737.
Boeing today delivered only the 8, 000 000th 737.
Boeing has today delivered only the 8, 000th 737.
Barclays and World Bank has also reached an agreement with Dahabshil.
Barclays Bank has reached an affiliation agreement agreement agreement with Dahabshil.
Barclays Bank Pakistan has also reached an affiliation agreement with Dahabshil.
Barclays Bank has also reached into an agreement agreement with Dahabshil.
Barclays Bank has reached into an affiliation agreement agreement with Dahabshil.
The Emmy Awards have had a startup time of 5 : 00 00 PM.
The International Emmy Awards have had a startup time of 5 : 00 PM.
The International Documentary Emmy Awards have a start up time of 5 : 00 PM.
The International Emmy Awards have had a start time of approximately 5 : 00 PM.
The Emmy Awards have a scheduled start time of approximately around 5 : 00 PM.
A strong, undersea earthquake also shook off eastern Indonesia.
A strong undersea earthquake also very severely shook eastern Indonesia.
A very strong undersea earthquake also shook northern eastern Indonesia.
A strong undersea strong earthquake, also shook eastern Indonesia.
A second very strong undersea earthquake also shook eastern Indonesia.
Student government protests have rattled Egyptian universities.
Student government protests rattled many Egyptian universities.
Student protests rattled off many Egyptian universities.
Student government protests have rattled Egyptian universities.
Student government and protests rattled Egyptian universities.
Macedonians voted for a president in such, a poll seen as it being a positive test for the ruling party.
Macedonians voted for a president in a poll seen as primarily as a test for forming the new Macedonian ruling party.
Macedonians also voted yes for a new president in a poll seen as a test case for choosing the ruling party.
Macedonians voted for a president, in such a poll being seen as primarily as a test for the ruling party.
Macedonians voted yes for a president in a public poll seen primarily today as a positive test for the ruling party.
I'm just not always broody.
I'm not being always broody.
I... just'm always broody.
I'm not being always broody.
I just'm not always broody.
Finland also is currently not preparing itself to sign a Memorandum of Understanding with NATO.
Finland also is preparing itself to also sign a new Memorandum of Understanding with NATO.
Finland is currently preparing to sign on a Memorandum - Articles of Understanding with NATO.
Finland is preparing to sign a new NATO Memorandums - of Understanding with NATO.
Finland also is preparing to sign a new Memorandum of Understanding Agreements with NATO.
Rubber prices today are expected to be still going on at a downtrend next week.
Rubber prices are expected to be going on a significant financial downtrend the next week.
Rubber prices today are expected to be set on such a downtrend the next week.
Rubber prices for today are expected to be on a significant downtrend the next week.
Rubber prices are expected not to always be on such as a downtrend next week.
The entire UK population has climbed to sixth in a global league table of the 50 best most charitable countries.
The UK government also has climbed to sixth in making such a league table out of the most charitable countries.
The NHS UK has climbed up to sixth place in a league table of among all the most charitable countries.
The UK government also has climbed to rank sixth in a global league - table of the most charitable countries.
The UK has climbed up to sixth in just such as a league table of the 50 most charitable countries.
Veteran radio broadcaster David Frost also has died.
Veteran broadcaster David Robert Frost also has died.
Veteran broadcaster David Robert Frost also has died.
Veteran broadcaster David and Robert Frost has died.
Veteran broadcaster Sir David Frost also has died.
Where's Waldo event center is in downtown Chico.
Where's Waldo event center is in downtown Chico.
Where's Waldo? event is in downtown Chico.
Where's Waldo event in in the downtown Chico.
Where's Waldo event in the historic downtown Chico.
Britney - Spears has unveiled the video clip for featuring her, Perfume.
Britney Spears has been unveiled in the video for featuring her, Perfume.
Britney Spears, has also unveiled the video app for her, Perfume.
Britney Spears has unveiled the official music video title for her, Perfume.
Britney Spears, who has also unveiled the video for her, Perfume.
Turkey also faces an acute shortage rate because of doctors.
Turkey currently faces with an increasingly acute shortage of doctors.
Turkey now faces an increasingly - acute shortage of doctors.
Turkey faces an acute poverty and chronic shortage of doctors.
Turkey faces an increasingly - acute chronic shortage of doctors.
Scott Perry will also host a special special series of town hall meetings.
Scott and Mayor Bill Perry will host a series of town hall meetings.
Scott Perry will host in a series of annual town - hall meetings.
Scott Perry will also host a new series of annual town hall meetings.
Scott and Perry will host a special annual series of town hall meetings.
Keith Van Appling made left, Michigan State beat 3 Ohio Valley State, scoring 72 68.
Keith Appling, made the left, Michigan State beat # 3 Ohio Valley State 72 68.
Keith Appling, who made left, Michigan State beat # 3 Ohio Valley State 72 68.
Keith Appling made the left, and and Michigan State beat 3 ranked Ohio State 72 68.
Keith and Appling made the left, Michigan State beat # 3 Ohio Valley State 72 68.
Henrik Stenson also, was selected the European Tour player of the year the year.
Henrik Stenson, also was selected the European Tour player of choice of the year.
Henriksen Stenson was selected as the inaugural 2013 European Tour player of the year.
Henrik Stenson was selected the 2011 European Seniors Tour player of of the year.
Henrik Stenson was also selected the European Tour player athlete athlete of of the year.
ABERDEENS FC defender Scotty McKenna hopes to an end he himself has described as a brilliant week in style.
ABERDEENS FC'defender Scotty McKenna hopes to an end he is described as a brilliant week in style.
ABERDEEN FC defender Scott McKenna has hopes to finally, end what he described as a very brilliant week in style.
ABERDEENS Toronto FC FC star defender Scott McKenna hopes to end he is described as a brilliant week in style.
ABERDEEN FC defender Scott McKenna hopes coming to an end he has described as having a brilliant first week in style.
He just got hung up after some. i need a big payday loan but i really do already have one thats overdue.
He just got hung up after some. i need a payday bank loan but i do already have another one thats overdue.
He hung up after some i need a payday loan, " but i do already " have yet another one thats overdue.
He hung up after saying that some i need now is a payday loan, but i already do have one thats overdue.
He hung up after some. i need a payday bank loan, but i already have another big fat one thats overdue.
Chris Christie signed a House bill effectively banning ex - gay conversion therapy to minors.
Chris Christie signed - up a bill effectively banning ex - gay therapy to minors.
Chris Christie signed a House bill banning all ex - gay therapy given to minors.
Chris Christie signed off on a bill banning ex - service gay therapy to minors.
Chris Christie also recently signed a House bill banning ex - gay therapy to minors.
Manager assured me you could also learn lessons from defeats.
Manager assured that you can also easily learn from defeats.
Manager assured me you also really can learn from defeats.
Manager is always assured you also learn better from defeats.
Manager assured me that you also learn things from defeats.
Egypt has partially reopened crossing points with the neighbouring Gaza Strip.
Egypt has partially - reopened crossing with Israel the Gaza Strip.
Egypt has partially also reopened its crossing with the Gaza Strip.
Egypt partially - reopened crossing with Israel the entire Gaza Strip.
Egypt partially reopened the crossing with to the neighbouring Gaza Strip.
Funding for the OPTIONS project also were discussed.
Funding for funding the OPTIONS project were discussed.
Funding for the NASA OPTIONS project were discussed.
Funding for the OPTIONS project also were discussed.
Funding issues for the new OPTIONS were discussed.
Ian McKellen hasn't gotten too damn tired out of playing The Hobbit's Gandalf.
Ianna McKellen hasn't gotten tired of playing The Good Old Hobbit's Gandalf.
Ianna and McKellen still hasn't gotten tired of playing The Hobbit's Gandalf.
Ian McKellen still hasn't gotten tired enough out of playing The Hobbit's Gandalf.
Ian McKellen still hasn't gotten tired of playing in The Good Hobbit's Gandalf.
Gov. Chris Christie Christie conditionally has not vetoed a forestry preservation bill.
Gov. Chris Christie Christie also has conditionally vetoed a forestry preservation bill.
Gov. Chris Christie conditionally vetoed even passing such a forestry preservation bill.
Gov. Chris Christie also conditionally vetoed a proposed state forestry preservation bill.
Gov. Chris Christie conditionally has vetoed a proposed state forestry preservation bill.
JOSH - Ryan Dugan will miss the month out of the NRL season.
JOSH Dugan will miss out the month of May playing the NRL season.
JOSH Dugan will miss sitting out the month of playing the NRL season.
JOSH Dugans will not miss the final month of the NRL season.
JOSH Dugan will miss the month ahead of May playing the NRL season.
The last major aerial search to locate all the missing East Malaysian plane has ended.
The last aerial search to help help locate for the missing Malaysian plane has ended.
The aerial search to help locate out the presumed missing North Malaysian plane has ended.
The last major aerial search operation to locate the presumed missing Malaysian plane has ended.
The aerial - search operation used to locate the missing North Malaysian plane has ended.
Cisco will also cut 4, 000 000 jobs.
Cisco will cut about 4, 000 000 jobs.
Cisco will cut about 4, 000 000 jobs.
Cisco will cut about $ 4, 000 jobs.
Cisco will also cut 4, 000 000 jobs.
Mark and Critch ambushed by Pamela Anderson.
Mark and Critch ambushed by Pamela Anderson.
Mark Critch ambushed him by Pamela Anderson.
Mark Critch ambushed by actress Pamela Anderson.
Markham and Critch ambushed Pamela Anderson.
Ghana mourned BBC World News presenter Komla Dumor.
Ghanaians mourned the BBC presenter Komla Dumor.
Ghana mourned BBC News presenter, Komla Dumor.
Ghana mourned BBC News presenter, Komla Dumor.
Ghana mourned BBC News Breakfast presenter Komla Dumor.
The Italian opera house La Scala has took another step in with its artistic transition.
The opera house La Gran Teatro Gran Scala took another step in its artistic transition.
The opera house La Scala took yet another step in making its own artistic transition.
The Italian opera house La Scala took another major step in with its artistic transition.
The house of La Scala also took yet another step in with its artistic transition.
A passenger who had fallen right out of on his plane.
A passenger door had fallen right out of under his plane.
A passenger had just fallen out front of boarding his plane.
A third passenger seat had fallen out front of his plane.
A passenger who had just fallen right out of his plane.
Wednesday's game against the Rochester Rochester Americans has also since been postponed.
Wednesday's game against the visiting Rochester Americans, has since been postponed.
Wednesday's scheduled home game against the Rochester Americans, has been postponed.
Wednesday's game against the Rochester Americans, has since then been postponed.
Wednesday's game against the Rochester Americans has since also also been postponed.
Ultravox Simpler Minds are currently not teaming up for a tour.
Ultravox Simple of Minds, are teaming them up for a tour.
Ultravox Simple Minds are also now teaming up again for a tour.
Ultravox Simple Minds are now teaming with them up for a tour.
Ultravox Simple Minds are teaming - up again, for a tour.
Linebacker Martezo Wilson signed with both of the Dallas Cowboys.
Linebacker Martez Wilson signed him up with the expansion Dallas Cowboys.
Linebacker Martezo - Wilson signed with the NFL Dallas Cowboys.
Linebacker Martez Wilson signed on with the NFL Champion Dallas Cowboys.
Linebacker Martezo Wilson also signed with with the Dallas Cowboys.
DJ Khaled then proposed it to Nicki Minaj.
DJ Khaled then proposed to singer Nicki Minaj.
DJ DJ Khaled proposed it to Nicki Minaj.
DJ DJ Khaled proposed it to Nicki Minaj.
DJ / DJ Khaled proposed to Nicki Minaj.
Liam - Liam Payne has opened himself back up after he saved his friend's life.
Liam Payne has finally opened up again after he saved his bestest friend's life.
Liam Payne has finally opened up again, especially after he saved his friend's life.
Liam, Payne, has opened up after discovering he has saved his friend's life.
Liam Payne has finally opened himself up after he has saved his best friend's life.
A Bavarian royal court princesse has appeared in court.
A young Bavarian princess, who has appeared in court.
A Bavarian court princess has appeared quite frequently in court.
A Bavarian princesse has also also appeared in court.
A beautiful young Bavarian princess has appeared frequently in court.
Women living alone with infectious diseases who take immunosuppressive medications during their trimester of pregnancy are not above putting all of their babies at risk.
Women with diseases or who may take immunosuppressive medications during their trimesters because of pregnancy are not putting all their babies seriously at risk.
Women with diseases who take immunosuppressive medications during their trimester of the first pregnancy are also not above not putting all their babies at risk.
Women living alone with diseases who take immunosuppressive medications even during their trimester of all the pregnancy months are not putting their babies at risk.
Women with chronic kidney diseases who may not take immunosuppressive psychiatric medications during their trimester of pregnancy are also not putting their babies at risk.
My eye is still fixed on the crystal ball, Schwarzenegger said.
My eye focus is on getting the ball, " Schwarzenegger said.
My'eye is on the ball,'" Schwarzenegger said.
My eye is focused on finding the crystal ball, Schwarzenegger said.
My right right - eye is on the ball, Schwarzenegger said.
Five Americans have since returned with 766 Ban Chiang artefacts.
Five million Americans have returned 76 million Ban Ki Chiang artefacts.
Five Americans may have also returned the 76 Ban Chiang artefacts.
Five million Americans may have returned the 76 Ban Chiang artefacts.
Five Americans have returned 76 Banh Kien Chiang artefacts.
Mark Lawrenson also believes Manchester City United fans are in trouble.
Mark Anthony Lawrenson believes that Manchester United fans are in trouble.
Marky and Lawrenson believes Manchester United fans are in trouble.
Mark Lawrenson believes that Manchester United fans really are in trouble.
Mark Lawrenson also believes Manchester United fans are now in trouble.
Metra Energy hopes to jump on to the new Delta Ventra bandwagon by August, an board member was told.
Metra had hopes not to jump on board the Ventra bandwagon by late August, an observation board was told.
Metra hopes to jump on the Ventra Express bandwagon by late June and in August, an board was told.
Metra hopes to jump on the Ventra - Pacific Express'bandwagon by August, an board member was told.
Metra had hopes to jump back up again on the Ventra bandwagon by August, when an board was told.
Google has since purchased Nestle Research Labs for $ 3. 2 billion.
Google has purchased the Nestle Labs for $ $ 3. 2 billion.
Google has purchased the Bear Nest Labs LLC for $ 3. 2 billion.
Google Ventures has purchased Nestle Labs LLC for $ 3. 2 billion.
Google has purchased Nestle Labs for US $ $ 3. 2 billion.
Ali Khamenei said US intervention elsewhere and in the southern Syria would be a disaster.
Ali Khamenei also said that US intervention in northern Syria would be considered a disaster.
Ali Ali Khamenei said US intervention in northern Syria would be considered as a disaster.
Ali Ali Khamenei also said " US intervention in Syria " would be a disaster.
Ali Khamenei has said that " US intervention in Syria " would be a disaster.
Gold futures trading contracts remained lower at the midship - day following sluggish demand.
Gold standard futures contracts remained lower at mid - day, even following sluggish demand.
Gold futures contracts remained significantly lower at mid - day following a more sluggish demand.
Goldfields futures contracts remained lower at the mid - day following a sluggish demand.
Gold futures contracts have remained lower at the mid - day, following sluggish demand.
Charges made against Jarvis and Mossad have been dropped.
Charges against the Captain Jarvis Mossberg have been dropped.
Charges being made against Sir Jarvis Moss have been dropped.
Charges against Jarvis and Davide Moss have been dropped.
Charges being leveled against Jarvis and Moss have been dropped.
Indonesia has also planned to build 624 new airports.
Indonesia has planned to build another 622 new airports.
Indonesia has planned to build another 622 new airports.
Indonesia planned plans to build yet another 62 new airports.
Indonesia has planned plans to build 624 new airports.
Barack Obama will put the immigration law reform back up in the spotlight.
Barack Obama will put immigration reform efforts back up in to the spotlight.
Barack - Obama will put immigration reform back in under for the spotlight.
Barack Obama, will also put immigration reform efforts back in the spotlight.
Barack Obama, will also put immigration law reform back in the spotlight.
The Japanese market is trading in a very very negative territory.
The Japanese market economy, is trading goods in negative territory.
The Japanese domestic export market is trading in a negative territory.
The Japanese free market economy is trading goods in negative territory.
The Japanese market is trading goods in a more negative territory.
Hillsboro - area residents also are invited to meet the city's new new police chief.
Hillsboro residents are also invited in to personally meet the city's new new police chief.
Hillsboro residents also are invited to personally meet the new city's new city police chief.
Hillsboro residents are invited to meet with only the new city's new elected police chief.
Hillsboro residents, also are invited to meet with the city's brand new police chief.
Melanie is not even really going but she's not leaving for the Mail.
Melanie is not going but... she's still not even leaving the Mail.
Melanie is not going but she's not leaving it for with the Mail.
Melanie is not going, " but she's not leaving for the Mail.
Melanie is not going, but she's not leaving me for the Mail.
The pilot killed instantly in a fighter jet plane crash has still not been identified.
The unidentified pilot, killed in a fighter jet plane crash, has been identified.
The pilot was killed in both a fighter jet crash which has not been identified.
The pilot killed instantly in a fighter jet - plane whose crash has been identified.
The German pilot killed in such large a fighter jet crash has not been identified.
Childhood mortality rates also are dropping.
Child mortality incidence rates also are dropping.
Child mortality and incidence rates are dropping.
Childhood mortality rates also are dropping.
Child mortality incidence rates also are dropping.
Snow sometimes falls overnight at M & T T Bank Stadium just before an NFL football game.
Snow falls almost overnight at M & T Bank Stadium, before watching an NFL football game.
Snow falls at the nearby M & T Bank Stadium before actually watching an NFL football game.
Snow falls at M & T - Bankhead Stadium, before watching an NFL football game.
Snow also falls at M & T T Bank Stadium just before hosting an NFL football game.
Salford Vale Royal's the best place available to work is in the NHS.
Salford Royal's is the best paid place to work is in the NHS.
Salford Royal's the best - paid place to work in in the NHS.
Salford Royal's the best paid place to work - in in the NHS.
Salford Royal's the best - paid university place to work in the NHS.
The Badminton Association of South India's disciplinary committee has recommended a full life ban for its leading player, Jwala Gutta.
The National Badminton Association of India's disciplinary action committee, has recommended a full - life ban for leading Jwala Gutta.
The Badminton Association of India's disciplinary action committee has recommended imposing a full life ban as punishment for leading Jwala Gutta.
The Badminton Coaches Association of India's disciplinary committee, has recommended a life ban for leading Indian badminton player Jwala Gutta.
The Badminton Association of South India's disciplinary committee, which has recommended a full life imprisonment ban for leading Jwala Gutta.
The trial is then set for by the man accused of accidentally killing a wounded former soldier.
The trial is now set for the only other man accused of killing, a former soldier.
The trial is then set for by the young man accused of deliberately killing a former soldier.
The trial is now set for finding the young man accused of killing a wounded former soldier.
The trial date is set, for the man accused, of accidentally killing a former soldier.
Marshfield County Cooperative Farmers Market is also accepting vendor applications for all the 2014 markets.
Marshfield Farmers Market is also not currently accepting vendor applications for all the 2014 markets.
Marshfield Lake County Farmers Market Association is also accepting vendor applications for the 2014 markets.
Marshfield - Lake County Farmers Market is accepting new vendor applications for the 2014 markets.
Marshfield Farmers'Market is currently not accepting vendor applications submitted for the 2014 markets.
Supporters clashed across Egypt, but ultimately leaving only three dead.
Supporters then clashed across Egypt, leaving behind only three dead.
Supporters clashed from all across Egypt, leaving only three dead.
Supporters then violently clashed across southern Egypt, leaving three dead.
Supporters clashed all across Egypt, leaving behind only three dead.
Michael James Williamson will also be formally sentenced in March.
Michael James - Michael Williamson will be sentenced in March.
Michael Williamson, who will also be sentenced in March.
Michael and James Williamson will also be sentenced in March.
Michael James Williamson will also be permanently sentenced in March.
Theo Walcott will miss the entire upcoming 2018 World Cup for England.
Theo Walcott will also miss in the 2018 World Cup for England.
Theo Walcott will likely also miss the 2018 World Cup for England.
Theo Walcott will also miss in both the World Cup for England.
Theo Walcott will miss the World Rugby Team World Cup for England.
Iraq violence killed over 353 people, as authorities hailed arrests.
Iraq violence killed well over 35 people, as authorities hailed arrests.
Iraq violence killed over 35 people as Iraqi military authorities hailed arrests.
Iraq violence has killed 353 people as Iraqi authorities hailed arrests.
Iraq violence killed over 35 people as authorities quickly quickly hailed arrests.
Two or three masked masked gunmen entered from the luxury hotel in Kabul.
Two dozen or even three gunmen entered the largest luxury hotel in Kabul.
Two or three gunmen entered the largest luxury hotel and complex in Kabul.
Two or maybe even three gunmen entered the largest luxury hotel in Kabul.
Two or even three gunmen entered the luxury hotel apartment complex in Kabul.
A Florida Panhandle superintendent was also later also removed after authorities charged with using of a district credit card number for his personal expenses.
A Florida State Panhandle superintendent was removed, reportedly, after investigating authorities charged with using a district credit - card for personal expenses.
A former Florida Panhandle superintendent, was removed after local authorities charged with using of a district credit card number for his personal expenses.
A Florida Panhandle superintendent was removed, after authorities charged him again with not using not only a district credit card for personal expenses.
A Florida - State Panhandle district superintendent was also removed after authorities charged with using a Florida district credit card for his personal expenses.
MUNSTER will probably look to not have hit Edinburgh for six.
MUNSTER will look set to hit on Edinburgh Castle for six.
MUNSTER will also probably only look to hit Edinburgh for six.
MUNSTER I will look to hit out on Edinburgh for six.
MUNSTER I will look set up to hit Edinburgh for six.
BURGLARS made a bloody mess in a private housing property in Woburn Sands.
BURGLARS has made a bloody mess in a private property in Woburn Sands.
BURGLARS I had made a mess in a property office in Woburn Sands.
BURGLARS had made quite a mess in a rented property in Woburn Sands.
BURGLARS had made quite a messy mess in a property in Woburn Sands.
Thailand also has plans also to buy more of electricity from Myanmar.
Thailand has plans to buy even more of electricity directly from Myanmar.
Thailand plans also to buy out more of its electricity from Myanmar.
Thailand also has plans not to buy more of electricity from Myanmar.
Thailand has plans to eventually also buy more of electricity from Myanmar.
Pegasystems, Inc. will announce financial performance results scheduled for the first first quarter of 2014.
Pegasystems Inc., will announce the financial results scheduled for in the first quarter of 2014.
Pegasystems Inc. will not announce financial results for 2014, until the first quarter of 2014.
Pegasystems Inc. will still not announce financial results yet for in the first quarter of 2014.
Pegasystems, Inc. will announce financial performance results for in the first first quarter of 2014.
Former UWU football star Reggie Wayne Rogers was later found dead.
Former UW football team star Reggie Rogerson, was found dead.
Former All - UW football star Reggie Wayne Rogers was found dead.
Former - UW football star, Reggie Rogers was later found dead.
Former US UW football team star, Reggie Rogers was found dead.
Eric Pickles has also approved plans for creating a local regeneration scheme.
Erick - Pickles has also approved plans for a regeneration scheme.
Eric Pickles has not approved the plans for such a regeneration scheme.
Eric Pickles MP has also approved plans calling for a regeneration scheme.
Erick Pickles MP has approved the plans for a regeneration scheme.
Larry the Cable Guy has joked about Obamacare on watching the Fox News.
Larry the Cable News Guy also joked about discussing Obamacare on Fox News.
Larry the Cable News News - Guy joked about Obamacare on Fox News.
Larry and the Cable Guy joked about discussing the Obamacare on Fox News.
Larry the Cable Guy joked about the Obamacare debate on the Fox News.
Nottingham Forest reserve team captain Chris Cohen has been indefinitely ruled out injured for the entire rest of the season.
Nottingham Forest team captain Chrissie Cohen has been ruled out indefinitely, for almost the rest of the season.
Nottingham - Forest captain Chris Cohen has also not been ruled out indefinitely for the rest of of the season.
Nottingham - Forest captain Chris Cohen also has been ruled out for the entire entire rest of of the season.
Nottingham - Forest captain Chrissie Cohen has been ruled out for playing for the entire rest of the season.
Gay person burned alive alive alive by anti gay mobs in Uganda.
Gay person was burned alive by anti - - gay mob in Uganda.
Gay person burned alive by an anti gay male mobster in Uganda.
Gay person was also burned alive, by anti gay mob in Uganda.
Gay person was burned up alive by an anti gay mob in Uganda.
Lee pleaded a not not guilty.
Lee also pleaded not not guilty.
Lee also later pleaded not guilty.
Lee also later pleaded not guilty.
Lee pleaded not to not guilty.
Etihad Airways has also increased its scheduled passenger flights to Islamabad.
Etihad Airways also has recently increased its flights service to Islamabad.
Etihad Airways also has increased on its scheduled flights to Islamabad.
Etihad Airways has recently also increased its flights service to Islamabad.
Etihad Airways has increased almost all its flights daily to Islamabad.
Reds LHP pitcher, Tony Cingrania left his start.
Reds'LHP Tonya Cingrania left his start.
Reds'LHP Tonya Cingrani left before his start.
Reds LHP pitcher Tony Cingrania also left his start.
Reds'LHP, Tonya Cingrani left his start.
Beauregard McCoy, held a meet, meet and greet in West Point.
Beau McCoy, was held at a meet and greet in nearby West Point.
Beau McCoy, who held a special meet meet and greet in West Point.
Beauregard McCoy, held a private meet and greet in the West Point.
Beau McCoy, who held a meet meet and greet meeting in West Point.
Turkey's mission was also also used to stand against coups.
Turkey's mission here was to help help stand against coups.
Turkey's mission here was not to even stand against coups.
Turkey's mission here was to help Iran stand against coups.
Turkey's mission here was to stand up front against coups.
Armies of India and China today have also also discussed the implementations of border pacts.
Armies outside of India and China today, have discussed the implementations of border pacts.
Armies of India, and China today discussed for the more peaceful implementation of border pacts.
Armies of India and China today have discussed the first peaceful peaceful implementation of border pacts.
Armies outside of India, and China today discussed the implementation of these new border pacts.
The number of pertussis cases in only the southern San Diego County region continues steadily to climb.
The number number of pertussis cases reported in the San Diego Diego region still continues to climb.
The number of pertussis related cases in both the San Diego area and region continues to climb.
The total number of pertussis related cases in the San Diego Diego region still continues to climb.
The total number of pertussis related flu cases in the San Diego metropolitan region continues to climb.
An email reminder website that is presenting only about 5 email marketing tips.
An email reminder website is presenting about $ 5 email for marketing tips.
An email marketing reminder website is presenting 5 email and email marketing tips.
An email marketing reminder website is also available presenting 5 email marketing tips.
An online email reminder website is available presenting 5 emailed marketing tips.
Humane - Rights Watch has urged Israel to stop trying to forcibly displace Bedouin families.
Human Rights Watch has urged Israel to stop trying to displace almost all the Bedouin families.
Human Rights Watch urged for Israel not to stop them trying to forcibly displace Bedouin families.
Human Rights - Watch Watch urged for Israel to stop trying to displace the Bedouin families.
Human - Rights - Peoples Watch urged for Israel to stop trying to displace Bedouin families.
Disneyland will stop issuing the paper stocks.
Disney will also temporarily stop issuing paper stocks.
Disneyland will stop officially issuing paper stocks.
Disneyland will stop issuing the paper stocks.
Disneyland will also stop issuing paper stocks.
Construction work in both the Statehouse parking and garage could make parking tighter.
Construction work done in the Statehouse garage could make all the parking tighter.
Construction work in the Statehouse garage could probably also only make parking tighter.
Construction and work in the Statehouse garages could only make parking tighter.
Construction work and work in the Statehouse parking garage could make parking tighter.
Sony Entertainment has announced that no firm plans yet at this stage to bundle PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3 Vita together.
Sony has announced no firm plans at this early stage to bundle PlayStation - 4S and PlayStation - Vita together.
Sony has no firm plans at least all this early stage to fully bundle the PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita together.
Sony has had no firm plans at this very early stage but to bundle PlayStation 4 games and PlayStation Vita together.
Sony has had no firm plans at this early stage but to bundle PlayStation 4 and the original PlayStation Vita together.
This year's ISTEP glitches did not have " a very measurable impact whatsoever " on scores.
This year's ISTEP glitches did not even have such a much measurable impact as on scores.
This year's ISTEP glitches did not as yet even have a measurable impact whatsoever on scores.
This past year's ISTEP glitches did not have a very measurable negative impact whatsoever on scores.
This year's ISTEP glitches did not have such a measurable impact as did those on scores.
What had happened yesterday.
What had happened yesterday.
What had happened yesterday.
What had happened yesterday.
What had happened yesterday.
LLOYD A young Highlander man has been charged twice with sexual misconduct.
LLOYD : A young Highland man has been falsely charged with sexual misconduct.
LLOYD A Highland man who has been falsely falsely charged with sexual misconduct.
LLOYD A Highland man has been charged twice with serious criminal sexual misconduct.
LLOYD A young Highland man has been charged twice with criminal sexual misconduct.
Two other jet - boat drivers were convicted.
Two jet - boat drivers also were convicted.
Two dozen other jet boat drivers were convicted.
Two jetty - boat drivers were convicted.
Two former jet boat taxi drivers were convicted.
China appeared disappointed to not confirm that it has successfully tested a hypersonic missile vehicle.
China appeared to not confirm it has tested as a hypersonic cruise - missile vehicle.
China has appeared ready long enough to confirm it has tested a hypersonic missile vehicle.
China appeared to not yet confirm it and has tested a new hypersonic missile vehicle.
China National Navy has appeared to confirm it has successfully tested a hypersonic missile vehicle.
A Republican Tea Party Party candidate she says, her vote, will be to oust John Boehner.
A Tea Party Party candidate says, her vote, will not be to oust Governor John Boehner.
A Tea Party candidate says, that all of her vote cast will be to oust John Boehner.
A former Tea Party Party presidential candidate says, her vote will be to help oust John Boehner.
A Tea Party Party candidate says, that her vote will not be to oust Governor John Boehner.
All options will still not remain open for Al Ferof.
All other options remain currently open except for Al Ferof.
All options remain wide - open for Al Al Ferof.
All options available will remain open for Al Al Ferof.
All other options remain wide open for Al Al Ferof.
The victims of violence while staying in the camps will often also be sent home.
The remaining victims of all the violence staying behind in camps will be sent home.
The victims accused of violence staying in all the camps there will be sent home.
The remaining five victims accused of violence while staying in camps will be sent home.
The victims of the violence staying far behind or in camps will be sent home.
SES has closed a recently renewed € 1. 2 billion online online credit facility.
SES has also closed a renewed, € 1. 5 2 billion credit facility.
SES has also closed a recently renewed € 1. 2 - billion credit facility.
SES Bank has closed a renewed € 1. 2. - billion credit facility.
SES has closed a renewed, € 1. 5 2 - billion credit facility.
The half helps bank and cash loan customers personal turnaround when needs.
The extra half - dollar helps bank cash loan personal turn when needs.
The half helps bank cash and loan a personal turnaround when needs.
The other half helps the bank cash and loan personal turn when needs.
The two other half helps bank and cash loan personal turn when needs.
DSW Inc. is pleased to officially announce the opening of such a brand - new store in North Greenville, SC.
DSW Inc., is pleased enough to announce the grand opening of a brand - new store in Greenville, SC.
DSW Inc. is also pleased enough to announce the upcoming opening of such a new storefront in Greenville, SC.
DSW, Inc. is also pleased to announce the opening of a brand - new store in North Greenville, SC.
DSW Inc. is pleased to announce the upcoming opening of just one such a new store in North Greenville, SC.
An American man, was found shot and dead in an Egyptian military prison cell.
An African American man was found shot dead in in an Egyptian style prison cell.
An American man was also later found dead, in in an Egyptian prison cell.
An American Jewish Arab man was later found dead in in an Egyptian prison cell.
An American drug maniac was found dead, possibly in an Egyptian prison cell.
Masco Corp., from which was downgraded at KeyCorp to an underweight rating.
Mascot Corp. was downgraded at KeyCorp to have only an underweight rating.
Mascot Corp. was downgraded at KeyCorp to have only an underweight rating.
Mascot Corp. was later further downgraded at KeyCorp to an underweight rating.
Mascot Corp. was also downgraded back at KeyCorp to an underweight rating.
Barnfield Community College site is being investigated by both the Department For Education.
Barnfield Area Community College is being investigated by the Pennsylvania Department For Education.
Barnfield College is being further investigated by the UK Department responsible For Education.
Barnfield Community College, is being investigated by the Department responsible For Education.
Barnfield Community College site is being further investigated by the Department For Education.
The US dollar Federal Reserve has only just turned 100.
The US Federal Federal Reserve has just recently turned 100.
The current US billion dollar Federal Reserve has turned 100.
The US billion dollar Federal Reserve has just turned 100.
The US dollar and the Federal Reserve has turned 100.
An Indian navy officer also died very suddenly during work on building a new destroyer.
An other Indian navy officer had also died, during work on a new destroyer.
An Indian Merchant Marine navy officer also died suddenly during work on a new destroyer.
An old Indian navy commanding officer died suddenly during work on building a new destroyer.
An injured Indian Merchant Marine navy officer died during workouts on a new destroyer.
Washington Trust today announced plans to open its very first branch office, in Johnston, Rhode Island.
Washington Trust today announced its plans not yet to open its first branch in Johnston, Rhode Island.
Washington Trust has today announced plans to open up its branch in Johnston, Providence in Rhode Island.
Washington County Library Trust today announced plans to permanently permanently open its branch in Johnston, Rhode Island.
Washington Library Trust today announced its plans not to open its branch in Fort Johnston, Rhode Island.
BJP accused President Somnath Bharti, of racism.
BJP accused former President Somnath Bharti of racism.
BJP accused President Somnath Bharti, of racism.
BJP accused Somnath Bharti, MP of racism.
BJP has accused President Somnath Bharti of racism.
Shire PLC has sold a foot ulceration treatment plant to the Shire Organogenesis Inc.
Shire PLC Ltd. has also sold a foot - ulcer treatment to Organogenesis Inc.
Shire PLC has also sold out a foot ulcer treatment treatment plant to Organogenesis Inc.
Shire PLC Ltd has sold a new foot ulcer treatment to Shires Organogenesis Inc.
Shire PLC has been also sold as a foot - ulcer treatment to Organogenesis Inc.
Tamil - Nadu government today filed a criminal defamation case against Chief Minister and former DMK chief minister M Karunanidhi.
Tamil - Nadu Tamil Nadu state government today filed a defamation case, against Minister and DMK chief M Karunanidhi.
Tamil Nadu government today filed a criminal defamation case against Chief Minister and former state DMK party chief M Karunanidhi.
Tamil Nadu state state government has today filed a defamation court case against Minister P and DMK chief M Karunanidhi.
Tamil - Nadu Nadu government also has today filed in a defamation case against Minister and DMK chief M Karunanidhi.
Manchester City United defender, Alexander James Buttner will join Beşiktaş within about 48 hours.
Manchester City United'defender, Alexander Buttner, will join Beşiktaş within 48 hours.
Manchester City United defender, Alexander Buttner will also also join Beşiktaş within 48 hours.
Manchester United defender Alexander Buttner will also join Beşiktaş FC within the approximately 48 hours.
Manchester United defender Alexander Buttner, will also also join Beşiktaş within about 48 hours.
Trinamool Congress would oppose to the Telangana Bill, instead seeking to be bifurcate in Parliament.
Trinamool Congress Congress would oppose the Telangana Union Bill seeking to bifurcate the Telangana in Parliament.
Trinamool Congress Congress Party would also oppose the Telangana Amendment Bill seeking to bifurcate in Parliament.
Trinamool Congress Parliamentary Congress Party would oppose the Telangana Union Bill seeking to bifurcate in Parliament.
Trinamool Congress Party would oppose any amendments to the Telangana Bill seeking to bifurcate in Parliament.
Cameron Cameron Diaz has irked many anti - smoking charities.
Cameron Diaz has also irked antico - smoking charities.
Cameron Cameron Diaz has also irked anti - smoking charities.
Cameron Diaz has also irked many anti - smoking charities.
Cameron Diaz also, has irked anti - smoking charities.
The Syrian National Electronic Army team has also hacked Forbes.
The Free Syrian Electronic Army team has also hacked Forbes.
The Syrian National Electronic Army team has also hacked Forbes.
The Syrian Electronic Security Agency Army team has hacked Forbes.
The Syrian National Electronic Security Army also has hacked Forbes.
JPMorgan Chase & Chase Co is also currently exiting physical commodities trading.
JPMorgan Chase Bank & Co. is exiting physical and commodities trading.
JPMorgan Chase Chase & Co is exiting into physical and commodities trading.
JPMorgan Chase Bank & Trust Co is exiting into physical commodities trading.
JPMorgan Chase Chase Bank & Co is exiting into physical commodities trading.
The unnamed second murder victim was found guilty in contempt of court.
The unnamed, second victim was later found in contempt of court.
The second victim was found guilty and in criminal contempt of court.
The second victim was found again in criminal contempt out of court.
The second victim was found in a possible criminal contempt of court.
The Indian economy sector is expected also to face challenges beginning in 2014.
The Indian economy is also expected also going to face challenges in 2014.
The Indian economy is expected also likely to face financial challenges in 2014.
The Indian economy sector, is expected not to face challenges in 2014.
The South Indian economy is expected also to not face challenges in 2014.
Cruz Azul claimed its first CONCACAF Club Champions'League title.
Cruz de Azul claimed also its CONCACAF Champions'League title.
Cruz de Azul claimed also its first CONCACAF Champions League title.
Cruz Azul claimed also its first CONCACAF Champions'League title.
Cruz Azul also claimed its first ever CONCACAF Champions League title.
Sebastian Vettel withstood to also win at the Italian motorcycle Grand Prix.
Sebastian Vettel withstood to win the Italian International Trophy motorcycle Grand Prix.
Sebastiano Vettel withstood to win the Italian motorcycle championship Grand Prix.
Sebastian Vettel also withstood to win the inaugural 2010 Italian Grand Prix.
Sebastian Vettel also narrowly withstood to win at the Italian Grand Prix.
SolarWorld is currently lighting it up, as is World Design Capital.
SolarWorld Energy is also lighting up, known as World Design Capital.
SolarWorld is lighting up, as is at the World Design Capital.
SolarWorld Energy is also lighting up, as is World Design Capital.
SolarWorld Capital is lighting up, known also as World Design Capital.
OMAT has been completed in Rotterdam.
OMAD project has completed in Rotterdam.
OMAD project has completed in Rotterdam.
OMAD has been completed in Rotterdam.
OMA has also completed work in Rotterdam.
Motorola Corporation has never officially officially announced the Moto G.
Motorola has officially announced recently, that the Moto G.
Motorola has also not officially announced the name Moto G.
Motorola has officially officially announced that both the Moto G.
Motorola has not officially announced the brand name Moto G.
A former Collier County resident, she was later was convicted on the charges she helped hide the dismembered body.
A former Collier County resident was later convicted on charges she helped to illegally hide explosives behind the dismembered body.
A former Collier County area female resident, was convicted, on charges she helped hide the partially dismembered body.
A female former - Collier County resident was convicted on the same charges she helped hide the partially dismembered body.
A former Colliery and County Council resident was convicted, on charges she helped to hide the dismembered body.
The Astor Place Hotel on the Plymouth Hoe Street has been sold.
The Astor Hotel building located on Plymouth Hoe has since been sold.
The Astor Court and House Hotel on Plymouth Hoe has been sold.
The Astor Hotel on Plymouth Road Old Hoe Road has been sold.
The former Astor Hotel on Plymouth Hoe Street has since been sold.
Demolition of the nearby former KeySpan building will also continue during this week.
Demolition of the former KeySpan building complex building will also continue this week.
Demolition of only the former downtown Houston KeySpan building will continue this week.
Demolition of the former KeySpane building will also continue later this week.
Demolition of the former KeySpane building and complex will continue this week.
The new world's leadless pacemaker technology is being introduced annually in the UK.
The new world's leadless pacemaker is being gradually introduced in only the UK.
The world's leadless racing pacemaker is being introduced annually, in the UK.
The new world's leadless pacemaker technology is being introduced annually in the UK.
The world's leadless pacemaker is being introduced annually, in particular the UK.
A local man has logged in the largest mountain lake - dwelling lion kill of the season, but the catfish was poached.
A man has logged in the second largest recorded mountain mountain - lion kill of the season, all but the cat was poached.
A man has logged in the largest single mountain - lion kill of the season, but the little big cat itself was poached.
A maniac has logged the largest mountain lion ever known to kill of the hunting - season, but the cat was poached.
A local mane hunter has logged the largest recorded mountain lion kill of the season, but only the catfish was poached.
The American gay pornographic industry has shut down after a male performer tested for HIV.
The pornographic industry has shut itself down after a performer has tested positive for HIV.
The gay porn industry has been shut down after a performer has tested positive for HIV.
The American gay porn industry has shut down completely after a performer has tested for HIV.
The gay porn industry has shut itself down after a performer tested HIV positive for HIV.
Where were they when the JFK died.
Where they were when the JFK died.
Where were they when the JFK died.
Where exactly were they when JFK died.
Where were all they when JFK died.
Sahithi, an Indian online forum is organising for a literary fest.
Sahithi, where an forum is organising a yearly literary literary fest.
Sahithi, an online forum, which is organising a literary fest.
Sahithi, an online literary forum is organising for a literary fest.
Sahithi, as an online forum is organising a yearly literary fest.
Google Search has switched over to secure search.
Google Search has switched to a secure search.
Google Web Search has switched to secure search.
Google Search has switched to a secure search.
Google Search has switched to a secure search.
Women's rights campaigns, are taking over the social discovery mobile app, Tinder.
Women's rights awareness campaigns are taking over social media discovery service app, Tinder.
Women's rights awareness campaigns are taking over social discovery and mobile app, Tinder.
Women's rights campaigns are taking over the new social media discovery app, Tinder.
Women's rights campaigns are now also taking over social media discovery app, Tinder.
An unnamed actor proposes his marriage to his girlfriend, on stage, standing right in the middle section of a production of Peter Pan.
An actor proposes to his new American girlfriend, while on the stage, in the middle of a Broadway production production of Peter Pan.
An actor proposes marriage to his girlfriend, on stage, in about the very middle of a Broadway production of the play Peter Pan.
An unnamed unnamed actor proposes to his then new girlfriend, on a stage, in the very middle of a production of Peter Pan.
An aspiring aspiring young actor proposes marriage to his new girlfriend, on stage, in the middle of a Broadway production of Peter Pan.
A man has been charged, twice with mischief and for causing it to catch fire.
A young young man has been charged both with mischief and for causing to catch fire.
A young man who has been charged with criminal mischief for causing himself to catch fire.
A man who has been charged with mischief for accidentally causing it, to catch fire.
A man has been charged twice over with mischief for causing himself to accidentally catch fire.
Los Angeles Kings captain, power forward Dustin Brown turned 29.
Los Angeles County Kings captain Dustin and Lance Brown turned 29.
Los Los Angeles Kings'captain Dustin Lance Brown turned 29.
Los Angeles Kings'captain Dustin Jay Brown later turned 29.
Los Angeles Kings'captain Dustin Brown later also turned 29.
The Indians have made - up an qualifying offer to sign starting pitcher Ubaldo Jimenez.
The Indians team have also recently made up an qualifying offer to starting Ubaldo Jimenez.
The Indians have also made up an qualifying contract offer to starting pitcher Ubaldo Jimenez.
The Indians also would have also made up an qualifying offer to starting Ubaldo Jimenez.
The Indians have made up an qualifying contract offer to starting relief pitcher Ubaldo Jimenez.
THE Salvation Army Army Army project is to open a new sports ground in in - the heart of Bedford.
THE Salvation Army Army is planning to open a new youth sports training ground in in the heart of Bedford.
THE Salvation Army Army is to officially open a brand new sports training ground in the heartland of Bedford.
THE Salvation Army is to open a brand new outdoor sports training training ground in the heartland of Bedford.
THE Salvation Army is planning to officially officially open a new sports ground located directly in the heart of Bedford.
USM stocks dropped as investors turned their attention toward their earnings reports.
US stocks prices were dropped as investors turned attention toward their earnings reports.
US stocks dropped as investors turned attention toward producing their own earnings reports.
US stocks dropped dramatically as investors turned their attention toward their earnings reports.
USM stocks dropped as investors turned attention more toward their earnings reports.
Dozens are now also believed not to have been buried by a landslide.
Dozens are believed to have also been buried alive by such a landslide.
Dozens are also believed to also have also been buried by a landslide.
Dozens more are believed to also have already been buried by a landslide.
Dozens more are believed to have also been buried underground by a landslide.
Children have always enjoyed a good day at Drusillas Park.
Children have also enjoyed spending a day at Drusillas Park.
Children there have also enjoyed a day at Drusillas Park.
Children enjoyed a good day at all the Drusillas Park.
Children have enjoyed a good day at the Drusillas Park.
Dallas would also be to trade Romo, and their draft pick, for Manziel.
Dallas would be to also also trade Tonya Romo and their pick for Manziel.
Dallas would be forced to also trade Romos and their draft pick for Manziel.
Dallas, would be to also trade Tony Romo and their pick, for Manziel.
Dallas, would be forced to trade Tony Romo and their pick, for Manziel.
Coaches and a substitute teacher are being suspended indefinitely for not wearing blackface.
Coaches, and a teacher, are also being suspended for wearing blackface.
Coaches, and a teacher, are being suspended, for wearing blackface.
Coaches and even even a school teacher are being suspended for wearing blackface.
Coaches and even a teacher are being suspended indefinitely, for wearing blackface.
Sunday's storm has been cleared - out enough for a sunny Opening Day.
Sunday's heavy rain storm has cleared out plans for a sunny Opening Day.
Sunday's stormy shelter has been cleared out for a sunny Opening Day.
Sunday's storm shelter has cleared out for such a bright sunny Opening Day.
Sunday's storm has been cleared out for a bright sunny Sunday Opening Day.
The total number of foreign service soldiers forced out of in the Army because of crimes committed or misconduct has soared.
The number of soldiers being forced - out of in the Army, because of crimes or military misconduct has soared.
The number of foreign soldiers forced out of the Army, because of crimes they committed or misconduct, has soared.
The number of former foreign service soldiers forced out of the Army because allegations of crimes committed or misconduct has soared.
The total number number of soldiers forced out of the Army because allegations of war crimes or military misconduct has soared.
Chris and Professor Murungaru will not even be grilled anymore about the content of secret tapes.
Chris Murungaru will not even be grilled further about revealing all the content of secret tapes.
Chris Murungaru will not even be being grilled further about the hidden content of secret tapes.
Chris Murungaruma will also not be grilled about revealing the content of the secret tapes.
Chris Murungarua will not be publicly grilled publicly about revealing the content of secret tapes.
Internet cafe - cafes are dying out.
Internet - based cafes are dying out.
Internet - based cafes are dying out.
Internet cafes that are slowly dying out.
Internet cafes that are slowly dying out.
Davis welcomed with her a daughter.
Davis welcomed her as a daughter.
Davis also later welcomed a daughter.
Davis also welcomed him a daughter.
Davis welcomed with her a daughter.
Maple Leafs Nazem Kadri has been indefinitely suspended indefinitely for three games.
Maple Leafs Nazem Kadriyehu has been suspended for three games.
Maple Leaf Leafs Nazem Kadriyeh has been indefinitely suspended three games.
Maple Leaf Leafs Nazem Al Kadri has been suspended for three games.
Maple Leafs forward Nazem El Kadri has been indefinitely suspended three games.
A headteacher, who has been awarded over £, 200, 000 damages for unfair dismissal.
A headteacher who has been awarded just over US £ 200, 000 for an unfair dismissal.
A former deputy headteacher has been awarded compensation of over £ 200, 000 for unfair dismissal.
A former headteacher has been successfully awarded over £ $ 200, 000 for the unfair dismissal.
A headteacher has also been awarded well - over £ 200, 000 damages for unfair dismissal.
The German and national news media believes Bret Bielema are.
The German national media believes that Bret and Bielema are.
The national news media believes that the Bret Bielema are.
The German national news media believes Bret and Bielema are.
The German national media also believes that Bret Bielema are.
Proto - American surfer Bethany Hamilton married Adam Dirks.
Pro surfer, Bethany Hamilton, later married Adam Dirks.
Pro - surfer Bethany Marie Hamilton has married Adam Dirks.
Pro - Am surfer Bethany Hamilton has married Adam Dirks.
Pro surfer Bethany Hamilton, has married actor Adam Dirks.
Regular aerobic exercise also boosts and also it may help to help slow the down advance of dementia in older women.
Regular and aerobic exercise with boosts and exercise pads may help to slow down advance of the dementia in older women.
Regular, aerobic exercise boosts confidence and may help women to slow down advance rates because of dementia in older women.
Regular aerobic exercise also provides boosts and may help to further slow down advance rates because of dementia in older women.
Regular, aerobic exercise also boosts and may help to help slow - down the advance of dementia in older women.
The total number of free iOS apps available in the App e - Store continues to rise.
The total number of free apps currently available in the Amazon App - Store continues to rise.
The total number number of free apps available in to the App - Store continues to rise.
The number of free apps available in to the free Apple App Store also continues to rise.
The number of freemium mobile apps available in the App Store also continues steadily to rise.
Storms knocked down many trees, and downed power lines.
Storms knocked down trees, and some downed power lines.
Storms knocked trees down trees and downed the power lines.
Storms had knocked down trees, and downed power lines.
Storms had knocked down all the trees and power lines.
I was still shaking and still giggling like just a kid.
I was shaking, and I was giggling like a kid.
I was still shaking, and giggling, like a kid.
Ipida was still shaking and giggling like a kid.
I was shaking and started giggling, giggling like a kid.
Jaci Velasquez, is kicking off on her 2013 Mexican Christmas tour.
Jaci Velasquez is kicking - off her 2013 New Mexican Christmas tour.
Jaci Velasquez is kicking off on her 2013 Mexican National Christmas tour.
Jaci Velasquez is kicking it - up off her 2013 Christmas tour.
Jaci Velasquez is also currently kicking off her upcoming 2013 Christmas tour.
Chrissy Brown must also remain in jail.
Chris Brown must also remain incarcerated in jail.
Chris Brown must remain incarcerated or in jail.
Chrissy Brown must remain put in jail.
Chrissy Brown must remain put in jail.
A plane broke apart before after, which it crashed near Gettysburg.
A plane nearly completely broke apart before it finally crashed near Gettysburg.
A second plane broke apart just before it crashed down near Gettysburg.
A second second enemy plane broke apart before it crashed near Gettysburg.
A small plane that nearly broke apart before it crashed near Gettysburg.
The BJP party manifesto has fascist undertones, aims and aims to create such a powerful centre.
The official BJP manifesto has fascist undertones, and it aims primarily to create a powerful centre.
The BJP party manifesto has fascist undertones and it also aims to create such a powerful centre.
The BJP manifesto has strong fascist undertones, and aims are to create a more powerful centre.
The BJP manifesto has fascist undertones and it aims to create India a more politically powerful centre.
Robert Astorinos is joining with the American United Way to celebrate 2 1 1 1 Day.
Robert Joseph Astorino is joining with Save the United Way to celebrate 2 1 1 1 Day.
Robert Anthony Astorino is joining the United Way to help help celebrate the 2 1 1 Day.
Robert Astorino is currently joining the United States Way Team to celebrate 2 1 1 1 Day.
Robert Astorinos is joining with the United Way Foundation to celebrate 2 1 1 1 Day.
Silent Bob, himself has also landed his own talk show.
Silent Silent Silent Silent Bob has landed his own talk show.
Silent Bob has also recently landed on his own talk show.
Silent Silent Bob has also landed his own radio talk show.
Silent Silent Bobo also has landed his own talk show.
Depression anxiety syndrome is an illness.
Depression syndrome, is an illness.
Depression is therefore not an illness.
Depression syndrome, is an illness.
Depression syndrome, is an illness.
Michaele Nouriel has joined ACTING DEAD.
Michael Nouriel, has joined ACTING DEAD.
Michael Nouri has also joined the ACTING DEAD.
Michaela Nouriel has joined ACTING DEAD.
Michaela Nouri has also joined ACTING DEAD.
Donald Donald Trump may also run for governor of Western New York.
Donald Trump also may not have run for governor of New York.
Donald Trump himself may also run for lieutenant governor of New York.
Donald Trump may also run for governor of the Western New York.
Donald Trump may run once again for lieutenant governor of New York.
Almost every two children a single day are abducted by both the parents.
Almost two children in a single day are also abducted by the parents.
Almost every two children in a day are also abducted by the parents.
Almost two million children a single day are also abducted by the parents.
Almost two children a day, they are then abducted by the parents.
Katie Price has had an emergency emergency surgery.
Katie - Price who has had emergency surgery.
Katie - Price has had an emergency surgery.
Katie - Price has recently had emergency surgery.
Katie Price has had undergone an emergency surgery.
Rob Baan is set up to be also continue on board as AIFF technical director for one more year.
Rob Baanke is set up to continue as AIFF chief chief technical director, for one more year.
Rob Baanke is set to continue as AIFF technical director for just slightly over one or more year.
Rob Baanke is set to continue on as the AIFF chief technical affairs director for one more year.
Rob Baanke is set to continue as the AIFF chief technical director, only for one more year.
Whole Foods is also launching a new reality TV show.
Whole - World Foods is also launching a TV show.
Whole Foods - Foods is also launching a TV show.
Whole Foods - Foods is launching a new TV show.
Whole Foods is considering launching it with a TV show.
A boy has been airlifted to hospital in downtown Winnipeg after officials say that he was injured by accidentally hitting on board a parade float.
A young boy has been airlifted safely back to hospital, in Winnipeg after officials say he, too was injured by a parade float.
A boy has been forcibly airlifted to a hospital in Winnipeg, after officials incorrectly say he was seriously - injured by a parade float.
A boy has been airlifted safely back home to hospital in downtown Winnipeg after officials say he too was seriously injured by a parade float.
A boy has been forcibly airlifted back to hospital in Winnipeg after officials incorrectly say he was injured by hitting on to a parade float.
Denard Robinson has since been officially changed to No. 16.
Denard Robinson has been changed to be the No. 16.
Denard - Robinson has changed to the current No. 16.
Denard - Robinson has changed to the current No. 16.
Denard - Sir John Robinson has changed to No. 16.
A skinny little boy had his own eyes gouged out.
A boy had his own blue eyes all gouged out.
A boy, who had had his eyes gouged out.
A boy had his very own blue eyes gouged out.
A little boy who had had his eyes gouged out.
Taiwan plans to slash down its own armed police and forces by up to 20 percent.
Taiwan plans also to slash its own own armed forces by upgrading to 20 percent.
Taiwan defense plans plans are not to slash its armed forces by up to 20 percent.
Taiwan plans plans not to slash its armed forces by upgrading to about 20 percent.
Taiwan also plans plans to slash down its own armed forces by up to 20 percent.
A high school teacher lost almost his life in such an accident.
A high school English teacher lost his own life in an accident.
A high school teacher lost almost his life in following an accident.
A school teacher lost almost his own life in such an accident.
A school - teacher who lost his life, in an accident.
EJ Manuel who was having surgery had a minor procedure performed on both his left knee.
EJ Manuela was having a minor surgical procedure performed simultaneously on both his left knee.
EJ Manuel was found having recently had a very minor procedure performed on his left knee.
EJ. Manuel was having had a very minor procedure performed on both his left knee.
EJ Manuel was having a minor procedure being performed on the both of his left knee.
The opposition party is against dividing the people up on communal lines.
The opposition is against dividing the Palestinian people up on communal lines.
The opposition is dividing the people up on all the communal lines.
The opposition is against Israel dividing the Palestinian people on communal lines.
The opposition party is dividing up the local people on communal lines.
The final home weekend game of the college hockey regular season regular season is here.
The final weekend of playing the best college ice hockey in regular season is here.
The final home weekend home game of the college hockey regular season season is here.
The final weekend of the NCAA college hockey regular season and the playoffs is here.
The final weekend game of all the NCAA college hockey league regular season is here.
Banks could also respond by charging their customers fees for deposits.
Banks also could respond quickly by simply charging customers for deposits.
Banks also could not respond by simply charging customers for deposits.
Bankships could also quickly respond by charging customers for deposits.
Banks could respond directly by directly charging their customers for deposits.
Coffee production in South India may rise 9 % to reach about 347, 000 tonnes.
Coffee plant production volume in India may rise 9½ % to 347, 000 tonnes.
Coffee production in India may rise 9 % to about 347, 000 000 000 tonnes.
Coffee plant annual production in India may rise from 9 % to 347, 000 tonnes.
Coffee production volume in India, may rise 9 % to 347, 000 000 tonnes.
Google Ventures is buying Bear Nest Labs for US $ 3. 2 billion.
Google Ventures is also buying Nest Labs for $ $ 3. 2 billion.
Google is considering buying Nest Labs outright for US $ 3. 2 billion.
Google is buying Bear Nest Labs for $ 3. 5 - 2 billion.
Google is buying Bear - Nest Labs for US $ 3. 2 billion.
Lassana Diarrah has also publicly publicly denied rumours he himself had become a jihadist in the Syria war.
Lassana Diarra has also denied rumours he had become a jihadist involved in during the October 2011 Syria war.
Lassana Diarra has denied the rumours that that he had actually become a jihadist in the 2011 Syria war.
Lassana Al Diarra has denied rumours that he had become a jihadist in during time of the Syria war.
Lassana Al Diarra has denied rumours he had also reportedly also become a jihadist fighter in the Syria war.
Razvan - Ratan has left West Ham United, with mutual consent.
Razvan Rat has since left West West - Ham United with mutual consent.
Razvan Rat has since then left West Ham United, with mutual consent.
Razvan - Rat has left Chelsea for West Ham United with mutual consent.
Razvan - Rat has left West Ham City United with a mutual consent.
This time it is different. " I think.
This time is different. " " I think.
This time is different. " " I think.
This time it is different. " I think.
This whole damn time is different. I think.
Congressmen and the ruling NCP finalized a seat sharing arrangement.
Congressmen and NCP members finalized a new seat sharing arrangement.
Congressmen and NCP finalized on a new seat sharing arrangement.
Congress and NCP finalized on a brand new seat sharing arrangement.
Congress and NCP finalized a seat - - - sharing arrangement.
Google is developing new smartphone contact lenses.
Google is also developing smartphone contact lenses.
Google is also currently developing smart contact lenses.
Google Glass is developing new smart contact lenses.
Google is also developing smartphone contact lenses.
Rakhi Sawant is going to contest from Mumbai in 2014 the new Mumbai North - West constituency.
Rakhi Sawant Singh is going to contest elections from the Mumbai - North - South West constituency.
Rakhi Sawant is going on to be contesting from the new Mumbai North - West constituency.
Rakhi Lal Sawanta is also going to contest from the Mumbai - North - West constituency.
Rakhi Sawant is also going to contest from the new Mumbai North - East South West constituency.
Lee - Kim Jong - suk has also been diagnosed with swine flu.
Lee Jong - suk Lee Jong has recently been diagnosed with swine flu.
Lee Jong - suk Young - Lee has been diagnosed with swine flu.
Lee Kim Jong - suk has been diagnosed most recently with swine flu.
Lee Jong - suk has been recently diagnosed diagnosed with the swine flu.
Iraqi forces have also killed six Al - Qaeda militants.
Iraqi forces also killed six Al - al Qaeda militants.
Iraqi security - forces killed six Al - Qaeda militants.
Iraqi forces killed another six suspected Al - Qaeda militants.
Iraqi forces killed another six suspected Al - Qaeda militants.
Laos became also the first major South - East Asian nation to introduce a pneumococcal vaccine.
Laos became the first South East - Asian island nation to successfully introduce a pneumococcal vaccine.
Laos became the first South - East Asian island nation ever to successfully introduce pneumococcal vaccine.
Laos became the first South East Asian Pacific island nation to successfully introduce a pneumococcal vaccine.
Laos became the very very first major South East Asian nation to successfully introduce pneumococcal vaccine.
The trash in the Walter Reed Hill building continues to pile up.
The trash in Walter Hill Cemetery today still continues to pile up.
The trash in Walter Hill National Cemetery still continues to pile up.
The trash collected in Walter Reed Hill continues on to pile up.
The accumulated trash in Walter Hill continues on to slowly pile up.
Ukraine's Crimea peninsula voted for independence ahead of a 2014 Crimean referendum vote, to join Russia.
Ukraine's Crimea - peninsula voted unanimously for independence, ahead of a referendum, to join Russia.
Ukraine's entire Crimea peninsula voted unanimously on for its independence ahead of a referendum to join Russia.
Ukraine's autonomous Crimea autonomous Crimean peninsula voted unanimously for independence ahead of a referendum to join Russia.
Ukraine's entire Crimea - peninsula voted for independence, ahead of a referendum to officially join Russia.
Signs of or of inflammation in a man's prostate or biopsy sample may indicate he has reached a reduced risk.
Signs of inflammation in either of a man's prostate biopsy or sample may indicate he has had a reduced risk.
Signs of inflammation in either a healthy young man's prostate biopsy results may indicate he has had a reduced risk.
Signs of inflammation in either either a man's prostate biopsy sample may indicate he has not had a reduced risk.
Signs made of chronic inflammation in a man's prostate biopsy may also help indicate he has had a reduced risk.
Coppersmith Capital Management LLC has also issued the letter to the Alere stockholders.
Coppersmith Capital Management LLC issued out the letter directly addressed to Alere stockholders.
Coppersmith Capital & Investment Management LLC issued the letter to the Alere stockholders.
Coppersmith Capital Management LLC has issued the letter back directly to Alere stockholders.
Coppersmith Capital Management, LLC LLC, issued the letter to Alere stockholders.
Local lawmakers generally are split up on the transportation the bill represents.
Local lawmakers more generally are split on the issue transportation bill represents.
Local government lawmakers generally are split on the area transportation bill represents.
Local lawmakers are evenly split on the state transportation the bill represents.
Local lawmakers are split based on the amount state transportation bill represents.
US Vice President Joe Joe Biden has arrived back home in New Mexico for a meeting.
US Vice - President Joe Biden, has arrived in southern New Mexico for a meeting.
US Vice President, Joe Biden, who has just arrived in Mexico for a meeting.
US Vice President Joe Biden, has just arrived back in Mexico City for a meeting.
US Vice - Vice President Joe Biden has just arrived in New Mexico for a meeting.
Benedict also tried to help cover - up sexual abuse.
Benedict also has tried unsuccessfully to cover up sexual abuse.
Benedict tried hard to help cover up the sexual abuse.
Benedicto has also tried to cover up sexual abuse.
Benedict also tried to use cover - up sexual abuse.
A new tornado watch date has been canceled, for Berks County.
A brand new tornado watch has been canceled for eastern Berks County.
A tornado watch watch date has been canceled for eastern Berks County.
A new brand new tornado watch has been canceled for Berks County.
A tornado watch date has been temporarily canceled for eastern Berks County.
Sonali Kulkarni film has been never marketed enough.
Sonali Kulkarni has however never been marketed enough.
Sonali - Kulkarni film has never marketed enough.
Sonali Kulkarni has however been never marketed enough.
Sonali Kulkarni film has never been marketed enough.
A North Carolina Gulf Shores, NC, man died Tuesday that afternoon and was involved in a crash.
A North Carolina Shores, NC, - area man died Tuesday afternoon was also involved in a crash.
A North - Carolina Shores, in NC, man died Tuesday afternoon was involved again in a crash.
A Carolinas Shores, NC, area man died Tuesday afternoon was also allegedly involved in a crash.
A Carolina Shores, NC, man died Tuesday that same afternoon, and was involved in a crash.
Apmetrix Investment Group has completed its financing.
Apmetrix has not completed all its financing.
Apmetrix Group has completed all its financing.
Apmetrix has still not completed its financing.
Apmetrix has completed all of its financing.
Shell is selling 870 million Shell service stations.
Shell Oil is currently selling 870 service stations.
Shell is selling over 870 Shell service stations.
Shell Oil is selling over 870 service stations.
Shell is currently reportedly selling 870 service stations.
Leg - spinner on Saturday was equalled as breaking the world record for most wickets in a ODI series.
Leg - spinner Saturday equalled the current world record for the most wickets ever taken in a ODI series.
Leg off - spinner Saturday Lee Smith also equalled the world record for most wickets in a ODI series.
Leg - spinner Saturday equalled as the world cricket record for most wickets taken, in a ODI series.
Leg - spinner Saturday equalled the current world record for most ODI wickets in just such a ODI series.
Deepika, Padukone, also visited ailing friend Ranveer Singh Singh in hospital.
Deepika Padukone, visited ailing friend, Dr Ranveer Singh, in hospital.
Deepika Padukone, visited her ailing friend, Ranveer Singh, in hospital.
Deepika Padukone, who had visited ailing childhood friend Ranveer Singh in hospital.
Deepika Padukone, visited ailing friend, Ranveer Singh Singh Singh in hospital.
Barack Obama, will likely also ask the US Congress to also authorize military action against Syria.
Barack Obama Obama will ask the US and Congress to authorize any military action directed against Syria.
Barack Obama also will ask the US and Congress to also authorize further military action against Syria.
Barack - Obama also will ask the US President and Congress to authorize military action against Syria.
Barack Obama will ask the US Congress to now also officially authorize US military action against Syria.
The idea instead, instead of a roundabout won favor.
The very idea, even of a roundabout won favor.
The very idea, even of a roundabout won favor.
The very idea of a roundabout had finally won favor.
The very very idea of a roundabout had won favor.
Punjab State First National Bank has increased the interest - rates based on NRI deposits.
Punjab National Development Bank also has also significantly increased the interest rates on NRI deposits.
Punjab National Bank has increased the bank interest rates based solely solely on NRI deposits.
Punjab State National Bank has increased the interest - rate rates based on NRI deposits.
Punjab National Development Bank, has also increased on the interest rates on NRI deposits.
Girlfriends Material was chosen this week aimed at reading the book.
Girlfriend Materiality Day was chosen this week at reading the book.
Girlfriends Materiality was chosen this same week at the book.
Girlfriend Material was chosen this week, by looking at the book.
Girlfriends Material was also chosen for this week at the book.
Lake Tahoe itself itself is also now back in the spotlight as hundreds gather for an summit.
Lake of Tahoe itself is back up in the spotlight as hundreds people gather for an summit.
Lake Tahoe itself is also now back in the spotlight as hundreds gather for such an summit.
Lake de Tahoe is back up in the spotlight as hundreds gather together for such an summit.
Lake Tahoe itself is back up in the spotlight as the hundreds gather for such an summit.
Samsung has started rolling - - - - out Android 4. 4 update for Galaxy S4.
Samsung has also started rolling - out of the Android 4. 4 update for Galaxy S4.
Samsung has started rolling out Android 4. 4 update with support and support for Galaxy S4.
Samsung has started rolling out Android version of 4. 4 update support support for Galaxy S4.
Samsung Electronics has started rolling out Android version 4. 4 and update support for Galaxy S4.
Two women were also arrested, for allegedly cashing fake checks.
Two women were arrested for allegedly illegally cashing out fake checks.
Two women were also arrested, allegedly for cashing fake checks.
Two other women were later also arrested for cashing fake checks.
Two other women were also arrested twice for cashing fake checks.
Minister for Petroleum, informed that, the recent increase in oil prices is linked with the international markets rates.
Minister - responsible for Petroleum, informed that increase in prices is linked directly with the international gas markets rates.
Minister for Petroleum, was informed that increase in oil prices is linked with the rising in international markets rates.
Minister for Petroleum, was informed that increase in prices is closely - linked directly with the international markets rates.
Minister responsible for Petroleum, informed him that increase in oil prices is directly linked with rising international markets rates.
The first official look of the Sajida Khan's new Humshakals will be revealed tomorrow.
The very first and first - look of Sajid Khan's Humshakals will be revealed tomorrow.
The official first lookout list of the Sajid Khan's Humshakals will be revealed tomorrow.
The very first look of Sajid Khan's new Humshakals collection will be officially revealed tomorrow.
The first new - look of Sajid Khan's new Humshakals will also be revealed tomorrow.
All the existing Laser cards have now also been replaced with debit cards.
All the Laserbits cards have now been replaced with debit cards.
All Laser cards have now largely been replaced with electronic and debit cards.
All Laser cards have also by now been completely replaced with debit cards.
All the Laser cards have now been replaced entirely, with debit cards.
Turkey mandated banks for printing its own own sukuk issue.
Turkey mandated banks are responsible for its own sukuk issue.
Turkey has mandated the banks responsible for its sukuk issue.
Turkey has mandated Turkish banks for its own sukuk issue.
Turkey has mandated Turkish banks for regulating its sukuk issue.
He's always been his, a Helluva Life to go to # 1.
He's been his, and a Helluva Life to go to # 1.
He's been his, Helluva. Life, go back to # 1.
He's been his, Helluva Life, go right back to # 1.
He's been doing his, a Helluva Life go to Hell # 1.
A Berrien County Sheriff woman nearly drowned after being pinned beneath water by pushing a lawn tractor as she drove into a pond.
A Berrien County Council woman drowned after being pinned upside down from beneath a large lawn tractor she drove down into a pond.
A Berrien County woman drowned after being pinned down from beneath a large white lawn tractor as she drove into such a pond.
A Berrien County woman drowned, after being accidentally and accidentally pinned beneath a lawn - tractor as she drove into a pond.
A Berrien County County woman drowned after being found pinned down beneath a lawn - pulling tractor she drove into in a pond.
Actifio also said it had raised $ US $ 100 million led by White Tiger Global.
Actifio said it alone had raised over $ 100 - million led largely by Tiger Global.
Actifio had also said it had raised over $ 100 - million led by Tiger Global.
Actifio said it had raised $ US 100 million, led primarily by White Tiger Global.
Actifio said it had also had raised $ 100 million led financially by White Tiger Global.
RATS would not have forced a supermarket to be shut up.
RATS have also reportedly forced a supermarket to be shut up.
RATS have forced a small local supermarket to be shut up.
RATS have forced even a supermarket clerk to just shut up.
RATS have also also forced a supermarket to be shut up.
European Parliament committee members has invited Sir Edward Edward Snowden to testify.
European Parliament criminal investigation committee has invited Sir Edward Snowden to testify.
European Parliament committee has invited Edward and Edward Snowden III to testify.
European Parliament committee has invited General Sir Edward Snowden, to testify.
European Union European Parliament committee has invited Sir Edward Snowden to testify.
Security security remains a concern during the final exams and matric exams.
Security also still remains as a concern during the final matric exams.
Security security remains a concern during the final and final matric exams.
Security remains seen as a major concern during the final matric exams.
Security remains a concern during the final entrance exams and matric exams.
A lorry cab driver was found dead, with minor bodily injuries.
A local lorry driver was found and shot dead with bodily injuries.
A local lorry - cab driver was found dead with bodily injuries.
A local lorry driver was later also found dead with bodily injuries.
A lorry cab driver was found dead, with minor bodily injuries.
The question of where not to play, or in strategically speaking, is.
The question of where or not to play, in strategically speaking, is.
The main question, of where not to play, strategically speaking, is.
The question of knowing exactly exactly where to play, strategically speaking, is.
The question of knowing exactly exactly where to play, strategically speaking, is.
The mobile - phone services it has restored in both Karachi, and other cities.
The mobile phone services has also successfully restored life in Karachi and in other cities.
The mobile - phone services has also been restored in Karachi and in other cities.
The first mobile phone services has been restored in both Karachi and many other cities.
The mobile phone service and services it has restored in Karachi, and other cities.
Nintendo are launching games in the 2DS.
Nintendo are also launching in the 2DS.
Nintendo DS DS are launching the 2DS.
Nintendo are also launching in the 2DS.
Nintendo DS are also launching the 2DS.
Ghulam - Nabi Mohammad Azad stressed on better coordination between the medical bodies.
Ghulam Nabi Mohammad Ali Azad stressed on a better coordination between medical bodies.
Ghulam Nabi Azad stressed an emphasis on better working coordination between medical bodies.
Ghulam Nabi Azadi stressed emphasises on better coordination between medical bodies.
Ghulam Nabi Azad stressed an emphasis on better working coordination between medical bodies.
Pakistan released only its most senior Taliban detainee, Abdul - Ghani Baradar.
Pakistan released only its senior Taliban leader detainee, Sheikh Abdul Ghani Baradar.
Pakistan Army has released its most senior Taliban detainee, Abdul Ghani Baradar.
Pakistan has also released its senior Taliban detainee, Abdul - Ghani Baradar.
Pakistan released its second most senior Taliban detainee, Mohammad Abdul Ghani Baradar.
The Savills - Smith Countryside Alliance Pointe to Point.
The Savills Bay Countryside is Alliance Point Point to Point.
The Savills Countryside Alliance also promotes Pointe to Point.
The Savills Countrysides name is Alliance Point to Point.
The Savills Bay Countryside is Alliance Point Point to Point.
Many prominent Facebook users have changed in on their Facebook protest against the amnesty bill.
Many prominent Facebook users have since changed tactics in protest against the proposed amnesty bill.
Many prominent Facebook users have changed in on their Facebook protest against the amnesty bill.
Many Facebook users have been also changed, in a protest against the amnesty bill.
Many prominent Facebook users have also changed in protest and against the proposed amnesty bill.
The New Friends of Art the West Oakland Public Free Library will hold its first public art exhibit and sale.
The New Friends Gallery of Art the West Oakland Public Library will also hold its art exhibit, and sale.
The New Friends of " the Oakland " Public Library, will hold its art collection for exhibit and sale.
The New York - City Friends of the Oakland County Public Library will also hold its art exhibit and sale.
The New Friends Gallery of the West Oakland Public Library will hold both of its own art exhibit and sale.
Google Play Play is warning drivers.
Google Play is providing warning drivers.
Google is providing traffic warning drivers.
Google is also providing warning drivers.
Google is also providing warning drivers.
Public health care sector workers, are calling on the federal government, not to invest in oral health care.
Public health care workers, are also calling for on the national government to fully invest in oral health care.
Public health workers, are calling on the federal government not having to invest in oral oral oral health care.
Public - health workers, are calling on the federal government not to invest more in oral oral health care.
Public sector health care workers, who are calling on the federal government to invest more in oral health care.
Firearm injuries reported in the US have reportedly cost more than US $ 16 - billion in hospital resources.
Firearms injuries in the western US cost victims of more than than $ 16 billion in hospital resources.
Firearm injuries in the US cost the victims more than than $ 16 billion annually in emergency hospital resources.
Firearm injuries in the US have cost more than US $ 16 million - 20 billion in hospital resources.
Firearms and injuries were reported in across the US cost more than $ 16 billion in hospital resources.
Clondalkina Group has also invested €. 1m to enhance its packaging pharma and healthcare business.
Clondalkin has invested over € 1m, to help further enhance its packaging pharma and healthcare business.
Clondalkin Group has also invested €. 1m to enhance its packaging pharmacology and healthcare business.
Clondalkin has invested just over € 1m to enhance both its food packaging pharma and healthcare business.
Clondalkina Group has invested € 1m, to further enhance its packaging pharma and healthcare business.
Italy has already successfully rescued 4, 000 migrants.
Italy alone has already rescued 4, 000 migrants.
Italy also has rescued 4, 000 000 migrants.
Italy has rescued well over 4, 000 migrants.
Italy has also already rescued 4, 000 migrants.
Squibb, which has, cut back its January, 2013 forecast.
Squibb, of which has, also cut its December 2013 forecast.
Squibb, neither of which currently has, cut its 2013 forecast.
Squibb, which it has, cut back its January 2013 forecast.
Squibb, of which has, also cut back its 2013 forecast.
Kerry - Katona feels insecure next door to her former Atomic Kitten bandmates.
Kerry Katona feels insecure next to losing all her Atomic Baby Kitten bandmates.
Kerry - Katona feels insecure next to all her former Atomic Kitten bandmates.
Kerry - Katonari also feels insecure next to her Atomic Kitten bandmates.
Kerry Katonari feels increasingly insecure next to her former Atomic Kitten bandmates.
Bradford are set up to sign for Sir Adam Henry.
Bradford are also set to officially officially sign Adam Henry.
Bradford City are set to officially sign striker Adam Henry.
Bradford are set up specifically to sign for Adam Henry.
Bradford City players are set to sign for Adam Henry.
China made a proposal on 2014 seeking a political and economic solution to the 2014 Ukraine crisis.
China made a similar proposal on Facebook, seeking a political solution to the 2014 Ukraine crisis.
China has also made it a proposal on seeking a peaceful political solution to the Ukraine crisis.
China made a proposal, based on it seeking a political solution to solve the Ukraine crisis.
China has made public a proposal on seeking for a political solution to the ongoing Ukraine crisis.
Graeme - T Smith hailed an incredible win.
Graeme Smith hailed it as an incredible win.
Graeme Smith hailed it an almost incredible win.
Graeme Smithfield was hailed an incredible win.
Graeme Smith hailed an event almost incredible win.
Campbell Soup says it's in negotiations now to eventually sell its entire Western European business.
Campbells Soup says it's currently in ongoing negotiations to sell off its European business.
Campbell Soup says that it's not in negotiations right now to sell its European business.
Campbell Soup Company says that it's currently in negotiations to eventually sell its European business.
Campbell Soup Company says it's in negotiations right now to sell its entire European business.
Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie signed a bill legalizing gay - friendly male marriage licenses in the state.
Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie has signed a bill for legalizing gay male marriage in half the state.
Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie signed a state bill legalizing the gay - marriage rights in the state.
Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie signed a successful bill for legalizing gay marriage rights in half the state.
Hawaii - - Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie signed a bill legalizing lesbian gay marriage in the state.
Americans also hate the book banning.
Americans, who hate book banning.
Americans, who hate book banning.
Americans who do hate book banning.
Americans hate for the book banning.
A local and county coroner wants some changes to diving courses.
A coroner who also wants some changes to the diving courses.
A local coroner wants some very radical changes to diving courses.
A coroner wants make some major changes relating to diving courses.
A local coroner wants some radical changes to the diving courses.
Agriculture Development Minister Pat Pimm has been diagnosed most recently with colon cancer.
Agriculture Minister Pat Pimm has also been diagnosed recently, with colon cancer.
Agriculture and Development Minister Pat Pimm has been diagnosed with terminal colon cancer.
Agriculture Development Minister, Pat Pimm has been diagnosed recently with colon cancer.
Agriculture Minister, Pat Pimms has been diagnosed with terminal colon cancer.
The spot also was frequented twice by the other five accused.
The spot was later also frequented by all the five accused.
The spot was frequented regularly by almost all the five accused.
The spot was also frequented twice by the other five accused.
The spot itself was frequented regularly only by the five accused.
Peter Jackson wants to take quite quite a very long break from making Hollywood blockbusters.
Peter - Jackson wants for him to take a break from just making Hollywood blockbusters.
Peter Jackson wants him not to go take a short break from making Hollywood blockbusters.
Peter Jackson wants him to take a long break from making all the Hollywood blockbusters.
Peter Jackson wants to take in quite a break from being just making Hollywood blockbusters.
Mary K. Letourneau was booked out once again on a arrest warrant warrant Monday morning.
Mary - K. - Letourneaux was booked on a arrest warrant warrant Monday morning.
Marye - K. Letourneau was booked on a arrest warrant warrant on Monday morning.
Mary K. Letourneaux was booked early on for signing a arrest warrant Monday morning.
Mary K. de Letourneau was booked on signing of a arrest warrant on Monday morning.
PAYDAY bank loans have become one half of the credit default options.
PAYDAY loans have now become just one of the largest default options.
PAYDAY loans would have become just one of all the default options.
PAYDAY loans that have now become one of all the default options.
PAYDAY loans would have become one of the largest credit default options.
Bangalore, co - founder, Nandan Nilekani on Friday filed for his nomination.
Bangalore, co - founder Nandan Nilekani Friday filed papers asking for his nomination.
Bangalore, co - co - founder Nandan Nilekani on Friday filed his nomination.
Bangalore, co - founder Nandan Nilekani on Friday night, filed his nomination.
Bangalore, co - venture founder Nandan Nilekani, on Friday filed his nomination.
Ron Calderon, has since surrendered to the federal authorities.
Ronny Calderon has since been surrendered to federal authorities.
Ronny and Calderon has surrendered to the federal authorities.
Ron Calderon has long since surrendered himself to federal authorities.
Ron Calderon has surrendered himself voluntarily to the federal authorities.
The Diana biopic has flopped at the first major domestic US box office.
The Diana Ross biopic has also flopped at at the US box office.
The Diana biopics franchise has flopped at the domestic US box office.
The Diana Ross biopic has also flopped at at the US box office.
The Princess Diana biopics has flopped at the US domestic box office.
Apple, Inc has recently also taken over the # # 70 spot from Tyco International Ltd.
Apple, Inc has taken over the # # 70 spot from Tyco Computer Corporation International Ltd.
Apple Inc has taken over at least the # 70 spot award from Tyco Corporation International Ltd.
Apple Inc has also taken - over at the # 70 spot from the Tyco International Ltd.
Apple, Inc. has since taken over the # 70 spot from Tyco Corporation International Ltd.
A car had rolled over a cliff near White Hart Park, in Bakersfield, on Sunday evening.
A police car rolled over on a cliff near Hartsfield Park in Bakersfield, late Sunday evening.
A car rolled over on a steep cliff, near Hartsfield Park in Bakersfield, Sunday evening.
A car rolled over on a cliff near Hartsfield Lake State Park in Bakersfield, Sunday evening.
A car rolled up over a cliff, near White Hart Park in downtown Bakersfield, Sunday evening.
The City is seeking to fill the two vacancies left as vacant on boards and committees.
The Kansas City Council is seeking new candidates to fill the vacancies on boards and committees.
The Kansas City is also seeking to help fill out the vacancies on boards and committees.
The City is seeking elections to fill the vacant two vacancies left on boards and committees.
The City is seeking to help fill out the many vacancies left on boards and committees.
A young woman was arrested and charged, with chemical endangerment of her having a child.
A young woman activist was arrested and charged with the chemical health endangerment of a child.
A woman who was arrested and was charged twice with chemical endangerment of having a child.
A pregnant young woman was arrested and charged with the chemical of endangerment of a child.
A woman was arrested and charged, twice with chemical - endangerment killing of a child.
An Marco Polo facelifter car was spotted in China.
An ever updated Polo facelift was spotted again in China.
An updated Volkswagen Polo facelift version was spotted in China.
An Polon facelifter was also spotted in China.
An Polo Polo Polo facelifter was spotted in China.
Vladimir Putin told Chancellor Angela Merkel Ukraine that Ukraine needs constitutional reform.
Vladimir Putin has told Angela - Merkel Ukraine needs a constitutional reform.
Vladimir Vladimir Putin told Chancellor Angela Angela Merkel Ukraine needs constitutional reform.
Vladimir Putin told Angela - Merkel Ukraine Ukraine Ukraine needs constitutional reform.
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin told Angela Merkel Ukraine needs a constitutional reform.
John Paul II Velazquez III is recovering after undergoing surgery.
John Velazquez is still recovering, after initially undergoing surgery.
John Velazquez, who is recovering after successfully undergoing surgery.
John Velazquez, is recovering, after successfully undergoing surgery.
John Velazquez is recovering, after successfully successfully undergoing surgery.
Suntech filed for US bankruptcy bankruptcy protection in in a US court.
Suntech filed unsuccessfully for federal bankruptcy protection in a federal US court.
Suntech has filed for federal bankruptcy protection in in a US court.
Suntech filed for US federal bankruptcy bankruptcy protection in a US court.
Suntech filed, seeking for bankruptcy protection, in a US court.
Warminster's The Little Chef will celebrate its 55 + years of roadside dining.
Warminster's Little Chef will celebrate its over 55 years worth of roadside dining.
Warminster's Little Chef will also celebrate 55 + years worth of roadside dining.
Warminster's The Little Chef will celebrate all its 55 years of roadside dining.
Warminster's The Little Chef Festival will celebrate 55 years worth of roadside dining.
Sea turtles have also nested on Georgia beaches.
Sea turtles nested on the South Georgia beaches.
Seawater turtles have nested on Georgia beaches.
Sea turtles have also nested on Georgia beaches.
Sea turtles nested nearby on the Georgia beaches.
VORNADO REALTY TRUST has entered directly into an agreement not to jointly sell Broadway Mall Mall Mall in Hicksville New York.
VORNADO REALTY TRUST LLC has also entered into an agreement not only to sell Broadway Mall in downtown Hicksville New York.
VORNADO REALTY TRUST LLC has also entered into an agreement to jointly sell the Broadway Mall Mall in Hicksville New York.
VORNADO REALTY TRUST has entered into into an agreement an agreement to sell Broadway Square Mall in downtown Hicksville New York.
VORNADO REALTY and the TRUST has entered into an exclusive agreement to jointly sell Broadway Mall in Hicksville, New York.
Kanye West, is but, not because the rapper takes himself too seriously.
Kanye West West West is impressed but, the rapper takes himself too seriously.
Kanye West is but, and not because the rapper takes himself too seriously.
Kanye West is but, the rapper, takes himself, far too seriously.
Kanye West - West is but, because the rapper takes himself too seriously.
Two dozen more French investigative journalists, are being held hostage in Syria.
Two more French investigative journalists, are being held hostage, in Syria.
Two more captured French investigative journalists are also being held hostage in Syria.
Two more French journalists are reportedly also being held as hostage in Syria.
Two more former French journalists are now being held hostage elsewhere in Syria.
The other nine Scottsboro Boys Boys receiving pardons.
The nine surviving Scottsboro Boys began receiving pardons.
The nine were the Scottsboro Boys receiving pardons.
The other nine Scottsboro Boys are receiving pardons.
The nine were Scottsboro Boys Boys receiving pardons.
An Egyptian court martial ordered the immediate immediate release of Hosni Mubarak.
An Egyptian military military court ordered the release immediately of Hosni Mubarak.
An independent Egyptian military court ordered the release of General Hosni Mubarak.
An Egyptian court ordered the immediate release immediately thereafter of Hosni Mubarak.
An independent Egyptian military court ordered for the release of Hosni Mubarak.
Gordon von Igesunderk will select his strongest squad.
Gordon - Igesund will select only from his strongest squad.
Gordon Igesunder will also select as his strongest squad.
Gordon Igesund will then select only his own strongest squad.
Gordon Igesund will select his very own and strongest squad.
The Padres upgraded him to their starting bullpen with Joaquin Benoit.
The Tucson Padres have upgraded their bullpen with manager Joaquin Benoit.
The 2010 Padres upgraded their starting bullpen with manager Joaquin Benoit.
The 2010 Tucson Padres upgraded their bullpen with manager Joaquin Benoit.
The Padres upgraded to share their bullpens with Joaquin Benoit.
The local Cavs are shopping around and shooting Dion Waiters.
The two local Cavs are shopping and shooting Dion Waiters.
The local Cavs are shopping around and shooting Dion Waiters.
The local Cavs who also are shopping shooting Dion Waiters.
The Cavs are shopping and are shooting for Dion Waiters.
Japan and India will hold talks, together on Japan's possible future export of US2 rescue plane.
Japan and India also will hold talks together on Japan's possible future export of US2 rescue plane.
Japan, and India will hold talks on Japan's first possible export of a US2 rescue plane.
Japan and India will hold talks together, on Japan's export of US2M2 rescue plane.
Japan and the India will hold talks on Japan's first possible export import of US2 rescue plane.
Rahul Gandhi does not, not even look ready to be PM.
Rahula Gandhi does, however not look ready to be PM.
Rahul Gandhi does however not yet even look ready to be PM.
Rahula - Gandhi does not look ready to ever be PM.
Rahul Gandhi also does not look ready ever to again be PM.
Ashton Kutcher ultimately chose Angelina Jolie instead, over Mila Kunis.
Ashton - Claire Kutcher chose Angelina Jolie over actress Mila Kunis.
Ashton - Kutcher ultimately ultimately chose Angelina Jolie over Mila Kunis.
Ashton Smith - Kutcher chose Angelina - Jolie over Mila Kunis.
Ashton Smith - Kutcher chose actress Angelina Jolie over Mila Kunis.
A sperm donation bank, which is making an appeal for Midlothian men.
A local sperm bank is making up such an appeal for Midlothian men.
A local sperm bank, is making such an appeal for Midlothian men.
A local sperm bank is also making such an appeal for Midlothian men.
A local sperm bank is making such an appeal for the Midlothian men.
Either the new Angel Isco or Asier Illarramendi will replace either the Angel di Maria.
Either Iscoli or Asier Illarramendi, it will replace the former Angel di Maria.
Either Iscoli, or perhaps the Asier Illarramendi will replace the Angel di Maria.
Either Isco or the Asier Illarramendi will replace with the new San Angel di Maria.
Either Isco or Asier Illarramendi will replace the the old Teatro Angelico di Maria.
Mobility is changing with the way enterprises are buying, selling and are deploying and using unified communications.
Mobility is changing the whole way that enterprises are buying, deploying, and using their unified communications.
Mobility is changing in the way large global enterprises are buying, deploying and operating using unified communications.
Mobility management is changing the way enterprises are buying, and deploying, and operating using unified communications.
Mobility is changing the way large enterprises are now increasingly buying, deploying and using new unified communications.
An girl being pronounced brain dead came roaring back to life.
An girl was later pronounced dead and came back to life.
An girl pronounced dead and came back back up to life.
An girl pronounced herself brain - dead came back to life.
An old teenage girl pronounced dead and came back to life.
Quevega is forced to immediately retire and begin after the first being beaten at Punchestown.
Quevegadatne is to retire and begin training after being beaten at Punchestown.
Quevega is to retire, and begin after first being beaten twice, at Punchestown.
Quevegay is forced to retire and will begin after being badly beaten at Punchestown.
Quevega is forced both to retire and begin after only being beaten twice at Punchestown.
Red wine grapes and blueberries could protect by rapidly boosting up the human immune system.
Red wine and fresh blueberries could also help protect by further boosting the immune system.
Red wine wine and blueberries could protect by further boosting the human immune immune system.
Red wine grapes and blueberries that could help protect by boosting up the immune system.
Red wine grapes and blueberries could protect themselves by boosting the entire human immune system.
Vybz Kartel, and three others were found guilty only of murder.
Vybz Kartel and three were found guilty but not only of murder.
Vybz Kartel and three others were found not guilty, of murder.
Vybz, Kartel and three others were found guilty only of murder.
Vybz Kartel and all three were found not found guilty of murder.
Jeter himself will likely retire shortly after the 2014 season.
Jeter will likely retire after narrowly missing the 2014 season.
Jeter, will retire shortly after the entire 2014 season.
Jeter Racing will retire shortly after finishing the 2014 season.
Jeter Williams will retire shortly thereafter after the 2014 season.
Imran and Khanna will appear to respond only to a certain contempt of notice.
Imran Khanna will not appear likely to respond to a contemptuous of notice.
Imran Khan will appear to respond this to with a certain contemptuous of notice.
Imran Khan will appear to always respond, only to a certain contempt of notice.
Imran Khan will appear to respond but only to a very certain contempt of notice.
A local police constable committed suicide.
A police constable also committed suicide.
A local police constable committed suicide.
A police constable also committed suicide.
A police constable also committed suicide.
Lyndon and Johnson have favored gay marriage if indeed ever he were.
Lyndon Johnson have favored a gay marriage, even if he were.
Lyndon Johnson have favored a gay marriage if indeed ever he were.
Lyndon Johnson would have favored gay plural - marriage if he were.
Lyndon B Johnson probably would have favored gay marriage if he were.
Four of the nation's biggest institutional land landlords, have teamed - up to help form a cooperative trade group.
Four of all the nation's five biggest private institutional landlords have teamed up to form a new cooperative trade group.
Four of the nation's biggest institutional landlords, have been teamed close - up together to form a trade group.
Four of the nation's top - five biggest institutional landlords, have teamed up to form a cooperative trade group.
Four of the US nation's biggest institutional landlords have teamed up to form one such a major institutional trade group.
Cagliari, An armed gang robbed a police security guard and van in Sardinia.
Cagliari, An Italian armed gang robbed of a police security van in Sardinia.
Cagliari, An Italian armed gang robbed of a security van located in Sardinia.
Cagliari, An armed streetcar gang has robbed a security van in Sardinia.
Cagliari, An Italian armed gang that robbed a police security van in Sardinia.
Oscar De Pistorius has admitted an accounting error was not made in his original bail bail statement.
Oscar Pistorius has since admitted an error was made in both his original bail and bail statement.
Oscar Pistorius has since admitted that an error was not made in his own original bail statement.
Oscar Pistorius himself has since admitted an error was made in making it his original bail statement.
Oscar Pistorius has admitted that an error was made in making it his own original bail statement.
The negative voting voter has the right to use negative voting.
The registered voter has also gained the right to negative voting.
The only negative voter has the right access to negative voting.
The registered voter has also the right not to negative voting.
The voter has also gained also the right to negative voting.
A small plane carrying cadets made for a safe, emergency landing.
A plane, also carrying cadets made a very safe emergency landing.
A plane carrying cadets made way quickly for a safe emergency landing.
A plane, also carrying cadets made for a safe emergency landing.
A small plane carrying cadets, had made a safe emergency landing.
Wendy - Ann Davis received to announce a bid to officially become the Texas governor.
Wendy Ann Davis received to announce a successful bid to eventually become the Texas governor.
Wendy Ann Davis received to publicly announce a bidder to become the Texas governor.
Wendy Davis received calls to announce a possible bid to eventually become the Texas governor.
Wendy Ann Davis has received calls to announce a bid to become the Texas governor.
Glee could be BANNED from people all across the UK.
Glee could simply not be BANNED away from the UK.
Glee could be BANNED people coming from across the UK.
Glee could also not be BANNED from outside the UK.
Glees could be downloaded to BANNED from the UK.
There were 3. 51 million websites were being registered in China, by 2012 and around the year end of 2013.
There alone were 3. 51 million Chinese websites that today were registered in China, by around the end of 2013.
There were 3. 518 million websites were being registered in the entire mainland China, by the end of 2013.
There were 3. 51 million websites were being officially registered in China, 600 000 more by the end of 2013.
There were only about a 3. 51 million websites were registered online in China, by around the end of 2013.
India's food law reform would ensure consumers an equitable distribution.
India's food law reform would also help ensure equitable distribution.
India's food security law would ensure an economically equitable distribution.
India's first free food law would ensure an equitable distribution.
India's food law would also help also ensure equitable distribution.
A therapist has been recently been jailed on charges that he has beat his adopted son.
A therapist has been recently jailed on the charges he has beat up his adopted son.
A therapist has been jailed, on the charges he beat up his own adopted son.
A therapist has been recently jailed on charges that claimed he beat his own adopted son.
A therapist has been jailed on the charges that allegedly he beat his own adopted son.
Adam Gase explained the viral photo - op shoot of Peyton Manning.
Adam Van Gase explained the first viral photo of quarterback Peyton Manning.
Adam Van Gase also explained about the viral photo of Peyton Manning.
Adam Gase also explained the first viral photo shoot of Peyton Manning.
Adam Gase explained the viral video photo - shoot of Peyton Manning.
Aktia International Investment Bank also is renewing its core banking system.
Aktia Bank Limited is also renewing its existing core banking system.
Aktia Bank is also renewing its existing core commercial banking system.
Aktia Investment Bank is also renewing its existing core banking system.
Aktia Bank Limited is renewing of its core commercial banking system.
The city's house is but one where dozens of its employees got notice.
The city's opera house is but dozens of employees who have got notice.
The whole city's house is but dozens more thousands of employees got notice.
The big city's opera house is but dozens of employees who got notice.
The city's opera house is but dozens of its employees who got notice.
The Defense Department has confirmed contractors will not likely receive more late payments.
The Defense Logistics Services Department has confirmed that contractors will receive late payments.
The Defense Logistics Department has confirmed reports that contractors will receive late payments.
The US Defense Department has not confirmed contractors will not receive late payments.
The US Defense Department has confirmed contractors will likely not receive late payments.
Kate Winslet had just welcomed her child, and a baby boy.
Kate Winslet welcomed back her child, with a beautiful baby boy.
Katelyn Winslet welcomed her first child, and a baby boy.
Kate Winslet welcomed with him her first child, a baby boy.
Kate Winslet had welcomed back her child, a beautiful baby boy.
Licenses of the 41 medical shops involved, have been suspended.
Licenses of 41 medical marijuana shops, have also been suspended.
Licenses of the 417 medical shops, have been suspended.
Licenses out of 417 medical care shops have been suspended.
Licenses of the remaining 41 medical shops have also been suspended.
Officials are projecting emphasis on to a healthy cranberry crop.
Officials are now projecting on a very healthy cranberry crop.
Officials are projecting on a healthy growing of cranberry crop.
Officials however are still not projecting a healthy cranberry crop.
Officials here are projecting on a very healthy cranberry crop.
Ten more drowning persons were drowned the boat capsized in Bisalpur Dam.
Ten persons were drowned the boat was capsized in the Bisalpur Dam.
Ten or fifteen more persons drowned the boat capsized in Bisalpur Dam.
Ten persons drowned, whence the boat capsized in Bisalpur Dam.
Ten persons also drowned the boat, which capsized in Bisalpur Dam.
President Obama will also will stop in Rochester.
President Obama will also will stop in Rochester.
President Barack Obama will stop smoking in Rochester.
President Obama also will stop smoking in Rochester.
President Obama will also will stop in Rochester.
Texas Gov. Rick Perry signed sweeping of the state abortion restrictions.
Texas Gov. Rickey - Rick Perry signed sweeping abortion restrictions.
Texas'Gov. Rick Perry also signed legislation sweeping abortion restrictions.
Texas Gov. Rick Perry also has signed sweeping of abortion restrictions.
Texas Gov. Governor Rick Perry has also signed sweeping abortion restrictions.
The Galaxy S III is currently receiving only since the Android 4. 3 update released in India.
The Galaxy S III is receiving the latest Android Android OS 4. 3 update only in India.
The Galaxy Note SG - III is receiving the Android OS 4. 3 update in India.
The Galaxy Note S III is currently receiving the Android 4. 3 Android OS update in India.
The Galaxy Note Galaxy SG - III is receiving the Android 4. 3 update in India.
How'Long Was Your Weekend.
How Was Was It Your Weekend.
How Long It Was Your Weekend.
How Long It Was Your Weekend.
How'Long Was Your Weekend.
Actress Kym Valentine is returning home on The Neighbours, after successfully settling in a lawsuit.
Actress Kym Valentine is returning on Neighbours, returning after successfully successfully settling in a lawsuit.
Actress, Kym Valentine is returning home on Neighbours, after successfully successfully settling a lawsuit.
Actress, Kym Valentine, is also returning on Neighbours, after successfully settling a lawsuit.
Actress Kym Valentine is returning on Neighbours, returning only after successfully successfully settling a lawsuit.
Yahoo has a poached tech columnist, named David Pogue.
Yahoo! has poached tech news columnist, David Pogue.
Yahoo! has also poached tech columnist, David Pogue.
Yahoo! has poached former tech news columnist David Pogue.
Yahoo! has poached tech columnist, author David Pogue.
Azerbaijan briefly also detained a very few prominent rights activist.
Azerbaijan briefly detained only a very few prominent rights activist.
Azerbaijan police briefly briefly detained such a prominent rights activist.
Azerbaijan briefly also detained a very few prominent rights activist.
Azerbaijan briefly detained him by a very prominent rights activist.
Michael James Grimm is expected to not be formally indicted, Grimm's lawyer said.
Michael Grimm is expected to be later also later indicted, Grimm's lawyer said.
Michael Grimme is expected to be indicted, as Grimm's defense lawyer said.
Michael Grimme is not expected to ever be indicted, Grimm's lawyer said.
Michael James Grimm is not expected to be indicted, as Grimm's lawyer said.
CAE, Inc. has won $ $ 140 million annually in military contracts.
CAE Inc., has won $ 140 - 150 million in military contracts.
CAE Inc., has won over $ $ 140 million in military contracts.
CAE Inc., has won $ 140 million in major US military contracts.
CAE, Inc. has won $ $ 140 - million in military contracts.
A poor young woman has just had her children taken away, forcibly by social services.
A young woman who has not had all her children is taken away by social services.
A very very young pregnant young woman has had her children taken away by social services.
A desperate young woman who has had all her children taken far away by social services.
A young woman who has had her children taken away by all of the social services.
Scientists also have discovered a new potential way to make graphene - a very thin oxide layer with promise - superconducting.
Scientists have also discovered a potential way to eventually successfully make graphene - a layer known with great promise - superconducting.
Scientists have discovered a potential way to physically make graphene transparent - in a thin layer filled with promise - superconducting.
Scientists have also discovered a potential way to make graphene - - with a layer filled with promise - - superconducting.
Scientists have recently also discovered that a potential way to make is the graphene - a layer with promise - superconducting.
Over about $ 18, 000 children are living below the poverty - line, in Cornwall.
Over 18, 000 school age children are living below of the poverty line, in Cornwall.
Over 18, 000 children living worldwide are living below the poverty - poverty line in Cornwall.
Over this time about 18, 000 children are living below of the poverty line in Cornwall.
Over 18, 000 children are currently living below of below the federal poverty line in Cornwall.
The event, the 27th - annual Tehran International Book Trade - Fair officials kicked off.
The event, the joint 27th Tehran International and International Book - Fair officials kicked off.
The next event, the 27th Tehran International International Book Fair, officials had kicked off.
The event, like the 27th Tehran International Book Fair officials, was not kicked off.
The event, the 27th annual Tehran International Islamic Book - Trade Fair officials kicked off.
Quincy residents are getting robocalls encouraging to not only only support garbage privatization.
Quincy residents also are getting robocalls and encouraging to support the garbage privatization.
Quincy - area residents also are getting robocalls encouraging to support garbage privatization.
Quincy residents also are getting robocalls, and encouraging to support garbage privatization.
Quincy residents there also are getting robocalls encouraging them to support garbage privatization.
NAOMIY and WATTS walked out of a live radio interview.
NAOMI and WATTS walked out of a live morning radio interview.
NAOMI WATTS walked out, instead, of a radio interview.
NAOMI then called WATTS and walked out of a radio interview.
NAOMI WATTS walked right back out of a live radio interview.
We must also first carry out detailed inspections.
We also now must carry out detailed inspections.
We also must also carry out detailed inspections.
We must now also carry out detailed inspections.
We must also carry them out detailed inspections.
Nice Ride bikes will make up their spring 2018 spring debut.
Nice to Ride bikes will now also make their spring debut.
Nicely Rides bikes will make up their spring debut.
Nice to Ride mountain bikes will make up their spring debut.
Nice Ride bikes will now also officially make their spring debut.
Applications made for jobless benefits also dropped 24, 000.
Applications for jobless benefits have also dropped 24, 000.
Applications for jobless benefits have also dropped 24, 000.
Applications for the jobless benefits dropped to 24, 000.
Applications received for the jobless benefits dropped 24, 000.
Uttar - Pradesh sports minister had offered Sachin Tendulkar his permission to join Samajwadi Party.
Uttar Pradesh sports minister offered Sachin Tendulkar, to later also, join Samajwadi Party.
Uttar Pradesh state sports minister offered Sachindra Kumar Tendulkar permission to join Samajwadi Party.
Uttar Pradesh sports minister has offered to Sachin Kumar and Tendulkar to join Samajwadi Party.
Uttar Pradesh sports minister offered Sachindra Kumar Tendulkar, opted to join Samajwadi Party.
UNESCO is calling for a radical and systematic review and reform of the water resources education programmes.
UNESCO is also calling for a more radical systematic review and reform of the water education programmes.
UNESCO is calling for a radical systematic systematic review and a reform of the water education programmes.
UNESCO is also calling for a radical systematic review and reformation process of water education programmes.
UNESCO is calling for a radical review and reformation process of water resources and education programmes.
Stocks came to watch at the close - up on Wednesday.
Stocks to watch it at near the close, on Wednesday.
Stocks to keep up a watch at the close on Wednesday.
Stocks came to watch him at the close time on Wednesday.
Stocks came in to watch at near the close on Wednesday.
Rochester's first trendy, annual Park Avenue festival kicked off.
Rochester's first ever trendy Park and Avenue festival kicked off.
Rochester's first trendy Park Avenue and Avenue festival kicked off.
Rochester's first trendy Park and Avenues festival kicked off.
Rochester's trendy annual South Park Avenue festival has kicked off.
Syrian people should decide their futures, and set up.
Syrians people should decide what their future should set up.
Syrian Arab people should decide their own future and set up.
Syrian Arab people should also decide their future and set up.
Syrian people should also also help decide their future set up.
Cambridge & Eastern Counties Bank has launched two new major new and market - leading business and savings products.
Cambridge & Eastern Counties Bank has recently also launched its two new market leading business and personal savings products.
Cambridge & Eastern United Counties Bank has also launched two new market - leading business and personal savings products.
Cambridge & Eastern Counties Bank Limited has recently also launched two new market leading online business and savings products.
Cambridge & Counties Bank Limited has launched two new market - leading retail, business and personal savings products.
Paul Scholes believes his former England team - mate Ryan Giggs, could continue playing international club football at the top level for another three years.
Paul Scholes believes his former team - mate, Ryan Giggs could not continue playing at the top level again, for another twenty three years.
Paul Scholes believes that his team - mate Ryan Giggs could continue on playing football at the top level for only for just another three years.
Paul Scholes also believes his team - mate Ryan Giggs could continue playing, albeit at just the English top level, for another three years.
Pauling Scholes believes that his team - mate Ryan Giggs could continue playing at not just the top level for just another mere three years.
The former Egyptian embassy in Zambia has secured for the release of of the 23 Egyptian nationals.
The former Egyptian embassy in Zambia has also secured for the release of the 23 Egyptian nationals.
The Egyptian embassy in Zambia, Zimbabwe has secured the safe release of 23 former Egyptian nationals.
The Egyptian embassy in Zambia, has secured the safe - release of the 23 Egyptian nationals.
The Egyptian central government embassy in Zambia has secured the safe release of 23 former Egyptian nationals.
The Gilmer City Council plans now to consider withdrawing and considering canceling its council election.
The Gilmer City Council plans not to even seriously consider canceling out its council election.
The Gilmer City Regional Council plans are to also seriously consider canceling its council election.
The Gilmer City Council plans to consider and considering canceling it at its council election.
The new Gilmer City Regional Council plans are to also consider canceling its council election.
Interethnic relations are not a field for many people discussing political games.
Interethnic relations are often not a suitable playing field for political games.
Interethnic relations are not a common field used for international political games.
Interethnic relations are generally not a field for discussing international political games.
Interethnic relations games are not a suitable playing field for political games.
Quentin Tarantino later sued gossip website, unsuccessfully, seeking for publishing the allegedly leaked screenplay.
Quentin and Tarantino then sued gossip industry website, seeking for and publishing the leaked screenplay.
Quentin Tarantino also later sued gossip website, unsuccessfully seeking damages for publishing the leaked screenplay.
Quentin Tarantino sued a gossip website, seeking for publishing of the allegedly allegedly leaked screenplay.
Quentin Tarantino later sued a gossip website, seeking for publishing the allegedly - leaked screenplay.
A young New Canaan County woman faces court again after being indicted again in a March crash.
A New York Canaan woman also faces court martial after being indicted in causing a March crash.
A New York Canaan woman faces court after being found and falsely indicted in a March crash.
A New York New Canaan woman faces court after being falsely indicted, in a March crash.
A New Canaan woman faces a court martial after being falsely falsely indicted in a March crash.
A mother are accused of killing each and committing one local robbery.
A mother are falsely accused of each committing one major local robbery.
A mother are accused, of committing the only one local robbery.
A mother are falsely accused of each committing one major local robbery.
A mother are accused, of almost each committing one local robbery.
Bono takes his own hospitalized bed while on tour.
Bono takes up to his very own bed on tour.
Bono takes his very own hospitalized bed on tour.
Bono often also takes his own bed while on tour.
Bono often also takes his own bedtime on tour.
Rainstorms will continue to batter most northern parts east of China.
Rainstorms that will then continue continue to batter most of China.
Rainstorms will continue to more than heavily batter most of China.
Rainstorms that will continue to batter most parts east of China.
Rainstorms will continue to heavily heavily batter most parts of China.
Sri Lanka has detained a British Indian tourist for allegedly having never seen a Buddha tattoo.
Sri Lanka has also detained one a British tourist detained for allegedly having a Buddha tattoo.
Sri Lanka has also detained a British tourist, detained for having seen a Buddha tattoo.
Sri - Sri Lanka has detained a female British Indian tourist for having a Buddha tattoo.
Sri - Lanka has also detained him a British tourist for having a fake Buddha tattoo.
Gia Allemand, a Belgian reality TV star, who also has died.
Gia Allemand, formerly a popular Belgian reality TV star, has died.
Gia Allemand, now considered a reality TV show star, has died.
Gia Allemand, a reality - show based TV star, has died.
Giada Allemand, a former reality - TV star, has died.
Advances in micro turbine technology look set to help drive growth rates in distributed natural gas turbine power units.
Advances occurred in the micro - gas turbine look - set to drive growth in distributed gas power units.
Advances in micro turbine look set to help to drive growth - rates in large distributed gas power units.
Advances in the micro turbine look - set to drive the rapid growth in distributed natural gas power units.
Advances in micro turbine look set to drive the growth rate in distributed cycle gas turbine electric power units.
ALM has partnered - up again with Greenfield Belser to offer marketing services.
ALM Group has also partnered with Greenfield Belser Group to offer marketing services.
ALM has also partnered with Greenfield Group and Belser to offer marketing services.
ALM has partnered with Greenfield Ventures and Richard Belser to offer marketing services.
ALM Media Group has partnered with Greenfield Belser Group to offer marketing services.
Lehigh University Vice President, Alice P. Gast will also step down.
Lehigh University President Alicey P. Van Gast will also step down.
Lehigh University President Alice Van P. Van der Gast will step down.
Lehigh University Vice President Alice Ann - P. Gast will step down.
Lehigh Valley University Board President Alice P. Gast will also step down.
The New Wall Street Journal and All Good Good Things Dying are parting ways.
The Wall Street Journal and All the Good Good Things in D are parting ways.
The Wall - Street - Journal and in All Things Plan D are parting ways.
The Wall - Street Journal and All Things Dying are just now parting ways.
The Wall Street, Journal, and All Things D are now officially parting ways.
Scientists had said they had used stem - cells to eventually grow into human heart tissue.
Scientists said they had used stem cells used to grow in the original human heart tissue.
Scientists said they had also used these stem cells to grow into the human heart tissue.
Scientists said they had used stem cells, that they used to grow human heart tissue.
Scientists said that they had also used these stem cells to grow into human heart tissue.
The personal injury insurance cashier and advance firms agree to reforms.
The two personal injury cash advance insurances firms agree to reforms.
The personal injury and cash advance firms agree not prior to reforms.
The personal - injury cash and advance insurance firms agree to reforms.
The personal - injury cashier and advance firms agree to reforms.
The Braves have announced on their Minor League Professional Baseball coaching staffs.
The Braves have announced their own Minor League Professional Baseball coaching staffs.
The Braves organization have also recently announced their Minor League coaching staffs.
The Braves have announced on their official Minor League Baseball coaching staffs.
The Braves also have announced their own Minor League Baseball coaching staffs.
A Kissimmee man, one who was killed his motorcycle crashed.
A Kissimmee police man was killed his own police motorcycle crashed.
A Kissimmee police man was killed also killed his motorcycle crashed.
A Kissimmee man, one who was killed his motorcycle crashed.
A Kissimmee man was killed when his own private motorcycle crashed.
Three people were injured in a fatal category - two car crash, in Lafayette.
Three people were injured, resulting in causing a category two car crash in Lafayette.
Three people also were injured in a category two fatal car - crash in Lafayette.
Three people were seriously - injured in a two - - car crash in Lafayette.
Three people were injured in not just a single two - car crash in Lafayette.
Foxtel has cancelled The Raising Hope.
Foxtel has cancelled The Raising Hope.
Fox has since also cancelled Raising Hope.
Foxtel has cancelled The Raising Hope.
Foxtel Canada has cancelled Raising Hope.
Terry Branstad and members also of a small Chinese delegation signed up an agreement letter of understanding.
Terry, van Branstad and members of a Chinese delegation signed up an informal agreement of understanding.
Terry Branstad and members of a Chinese delegation have signed up an informal agreement out of understanding.
Terry Branstad, and other three members of a visiting Chinese delegation signed an agreement of understanding.
Terry van Branstad and two members, of a Chinese delegation signed an informal agreement of understanding.
Lea Michele herself is doing so much better.
Lea Michele herself is also doing much better.
Lea Michele is not doing so much better.
Lea Michele is doing it so much better.
Lea Michele - Michele is doing much better.
Barclays'bank account is not making material moves in the right direction.
Barclays bank is making material moves right back and in the right direction.
Barclays'bank is making material moves in the far - right direction.
Barclays'bank is not making the material moves in the right direction.
Barclays bank, is making the material that moves in the right direction.
Panathinaikos has fallen back and down the ladder.
Panathinaikos has fallen down falling from the ladder.
Panathinaikos has since also fallen down the ladder.
Panathinaikos himself has fallen back down the ladder.
Panathinaikos has also reportedly fallen down the ladder.
The New England - Patriots put Jerody Mayol on injured reserve.
The New - England Patriots put linebacker Jerody Mayo on injured reserve.
The New - England Patriots - Patriots put Jerod Mayo on injured reserve.
The New England - Patriots put Jerody Mayo on the injured reserve.
The New England Patriots put forward Jerody Mayol on injured reserve.
When the fascism comes.
When the fascism comes.
When the fascism comes.
When the fascism comes.
When the fascism comes.
Popular British fiction non - fiction author Malcolm Gladwell will speak regularly at Chrysler Hall.
Popular British non - fiction author Malcolm Gladwell will often also speak at Chrysler Hall.
Popular British non - - fiction author Malcolm Gladwell will also speak at Chrysler Hall.
Popular American non - fiction author Malcolm Scott Gladwell, will speak at Chrysler Hall.
Popular non - fiction author Sir Malcolm Gladwell will speak regularly here at Chrysler Hall.
Tajikistan has increased importation rates of crude oil products from Russia, and Kazakhstan.
Tajikistan has also increased import of oil products imported mainly from Russia, and Kazakhstan.
Tajikistan has also increased the import of oil based products from Russia, and Kazakhstan.
Tajikistan also has increased import of crude oil and products imported from Russia and Kazakhstan.
Tajikistan has also increased importation of oil products, mainly from Russia and Kazakhstan.
A MAN has been charged with attacking " a pregnant " woman in a local local supermarket car park.
A MAN has recently been also been charged with attacking a young woman working in a supermarket car park.
A MAN member has been charged twice with sexually attacking " a woman " in a supermarket car park.
A MAN has been " falsely charged with sexually attacking " a woman in a local supermarket car park.
A MAN has since been also charged with attacking a woman while in custody near a supermarket car park.
Robert Mugabe has reappointed the senior black African civil servants.
Robert Edward Mugabe has reappointed all the senior civil servants.
Robert Edward Mugabe also has reappointed senior senior civil servants.
Robert Mugabe has reappointed senior senior senior senior civil servants.
Robert - Edward Mugabe also has reappointed senior civil servants.
David Haye, have a message for the fight fans, & referee, Tyson Fury.
David and Michael Haye, have a message for the fight fans & referee Tyson Fury.
David and Karen Haye, have a love message for fight fans, & Tyson Fury.
David Haye, have also written a message for the fight fans, & Tyson Fury.
David Haye, have a free message board for fight fans, & promote Tyson Fury.
Kwesi and Appiah then stole the show in before the home game.
Kwesi Appiah also stole the showdown spot in the home game.
Kwesi, and Appiah stole from the show in the home game.
Kwesi Appiah stole the show in before the next home home game.
Kwesi and Appiah stole money from the show in the home game.
Radisson Blumberg announced, a new meetings and a special events program.
Radisson Blumberg announced, with, a new meetings and events program.
Radisson - Blumberg announced, a brand new meetings and events program.
Radisson Blu announced, a brand new corporate corporate meetings and events program.
Radisson Blum announced, with a new annual meetings and events program.
Skanska is also investing USD, about just about SEK 1.
Skanska is also investing USD, about just about SEK 1.
Skanska is currently only investing USD, or about SEK 1.
Skanska is investing in in 2000 USD, about SEK 1.
Skanska is currently only investing USD, or about SEK 1.
Acting director is also Selena Gomez's first love.
Acting is Selena Gomez's truefound first love.
Acting is Selena Gomez's first true first love.
Acting is Selena Selena Gomez's true first love.
Acting is also Selena Gomez's true first love.
Penn State is planster to ask from the entire state for 5. 1 percent of funding increase.
Penn - State is plans to : also ask the state for 5. 1 - percent funding increase.
Penn State is planster to also ask from the entire state for 5. 1 percent funding increase.
Penn - State is plans to again ask the state for a 5. 1 - percent funding increase.
Penn State is the planster to ask from the entire state for 5. 1 percent funding increase.
The FSC is considering amending legislation intended to lowern the asset ceiling for an insurance enterprise's permitted shareholding percentages invested in a single company.
The FSC is considering amending to significantly lower down the ceiling for an insurance - industry enterprise's maximum permitted annual shareholding percentage in a single company.
The FSC is also currently considering amending to lower down the asset ceiling for an individual health insurance enterprise's permitted shareholding percentage in a single company.
The FSC is considering considering amending legislation to significantly lower the ceiling for an insurance enterprise's permitted minimum annual shareholding percentage in a single single company.
The FSC is considering amending the legislation to lower down the asset ceiling for an insurance enterprise's maximum permitted annual shareholding percentage in a single company.
Shirley Knight Temple, the famous child movie star, also has died.
Shirley Anne Shirley Temple, the child movie star, also has died.
Shirley Temple, the childless movie - theater star, has died.
Shirley Temple, the child movie - star, also, has died.
Shirley Temple, as the only child of movie star, has died.
Oracle is currently considering acquiring Responsys for approximately $ 1. 5 5 billion.
Oracle is currently acquiring Responsys Software for approximately $ $ 1. 5 billion.
Oracle is currently acquiring Responsys for approximately US $ 1. 5 5 billion.
Oracle is acquiring Oracle Responsys for approximately US $ 1. 5 5 billion.
Oracle Corporation is acquiring Oracle Responsys for approximately $ 1. 2 5 billion.
A Russian lawmaker suggested Moscow Eastern Oblast has also sent troops to the Ukraine's Crimea region.
A Russian government lawmaker suggested Moscow has already sent troops to defend the Ukraine's Crimea region.
A senior Russian government lawmaker has suggested Moscow has also sent troops to Ukraine's Crimea region.
A senior Russian lawmaker has also suggested Moscow has sent troops to Ukraine's southern Crimea region.
A Russian government lawmaker has suggested that Moscow has sent troops to Ukraine's northern Crimea region.
The speed - limit limit on highways currently located in Illinois will be raised to over 70 mph next year.
The speed limit currently imposed only on highways in northern Illinois will be raised up to 70 mph next year.
The speed limit on highways built entirely in Illinois will be raised to over 70 - mph sometime next year.
The speed limit on all highways located in Illinois will also be raised up slightly to 70 mph next year.
The speed limit limit, on highways located in northern Illinois, will be raised to 70 mph next year.
Jojo is currently suing Blackground Records'label for her release.
Jojo is suing record label Blackground Music Records for her release.
Jojoh is suing label owner Blackground Records for her release.
Jojoh is suing Blackground Records'label for her release.
Jojo is currently actively suing Blackground Records label for her release.
Harry and Tincknells will switch to sportscars.
Harry Lee Tincknell will also switch to sportscars.
Harry Tincknells will switch cars to sportscars.
Harry Lee Tincknell will also switch to sportscars.
Harry Tincknells Racing will switch to sportscars.
John Kerry will defend Latin America's Syria foreign policy, in creating a Google + Hangout.
John Kerry, will defend America's Syria policy in a new free online Google + Hangout.
John Kerry, will defend America's New Syria policy in creating such a Google + Hangout.
John Kerry will also defend America's Syria policy in supporting his creating a Google + Hangout.
John John Kerry, will also defend America's Syria policy in a Google + + Hangout.
Irving scored 23 total points, Tristan Thompson had 20 points, and had 10 total offensive rebounds and helped the Cavaliers beat the expansion Denver Nuggets 117 109.
Irving scored 23 points, Tristan Thompson also had 20 points and 10 total offensive offensive rebounds, Irving and the Cavaliers beat out the Denver Nuggets 117 109.
Irving scored 23 points, Tristan Thompson had 20 total 20 points and 10 rebounds, and the expansion Cleveland State Cavaliers beat out the Denver Nuggets 117 109.
Irving scored just 23 total points, Tristano Thompson had 20 points and 10 total rebounds and the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Denver Golden State Nuggets 117 109.
Irving scored 23 + points, Tristano Thompson, had also also added 20 points and 10 rebounds and the Cavaliers beat the Denver Nuggets with 117 109.
Typhoon Typhoon Danas is also rapidly losing strength, as it passes through the Korea Strait.
Typhoon Danas is losing its strength as it passes close through to the North Korea Strait.
Typhoon Danas is rapidly rapidly becoming losing strength as it passes deep through the Korea Strait.
Typhoon Danas is rapidly losing strength as it only barely passes through through the Korea Strait.
Typhoon Typhoon Danas is rapidly losing strength as it passes deep through the North Korea Strait.
Whom fool do you think you are.
Who do you think, what you are.
Who do what you think, you are.
Who do you really really think you are.
Who do what you really think you are.
Hospitals paid more money than for electricity.
Hospitals there were paid more for electricity.
Hospitals were paid more money for electricity.
Hospitals paid even more money for electricity.
Hospitals paid off even more for electricity.
Mitchell Johnson has since also said he has never once doubted his own ability to bounce back from injury.
Mitchell Johnson has said he has never once doubted his own ability not to successfully bounce back from injury.
Mitchell Johnson has said he has " absolutely " never once doubted his ability to bounce back from injury.
Mitchell - Lee Johnson has said he never doubted his ability enough to successfully successfully bounce back from injury.
Mitchell Johnson has said that he " has " never doubted his ability ever to bounce back from injury.
Signing, by Juan de Mata, needs time.
Signing, Juan de la Mata, needs time.
Signing, Juan José de Mata, needs time.
Signing, Juan de la Mata, needs time.
Signing, Juan de Mata, he needs time.
Golden Lions regained to their Super Rugby status.
Golden State Lions regained Superleague Rugby status.
Golden State Lions also regained Super Rugby status.
Golden Lions also recently regained Super Rugby status.
Golden State Lions also regained Super Rugby status.
Ethiopians, who are striker, striker Getaneh Kebede, will recover.
Ethiopians are striker, striker Getaneh El - Kebede, will recover.
Ethiopians are the striker, and Getaneh Kebede, who will recover.
Ethiopians, who are without striker, Getaneh Kebede, will recover.
Ethiopians, are striker, while striker Getaneh Kebede, will recover.
Kejriwali should become a ruler, leader and not an agitator.
Kejriwali should become both a ruler and is not an agitator.
Kejriwal should become a military ruler, leader and not an agitator.
Kejriwal should have become both a ruler and not just an agitator.
Kejriwali should become both a military ruler and not an agitator.
Researchers, who have also developed an oral vaccine used against Helicobacter pylori.
Researchers, have developed successfully an oral cancer vaccine effective against Helicobacter pylori.
Researchers, who have developed an oral cancer vaccine against the Helicobacter pylori.
Researchers, have also developed successfully an oral cancer vaccine against Helicobacter pylori.
Researchers, who have also successfully developed an oral vaccine against Helicobacter pylori.
It had also also repatriated an Algerian detainee.
It had also recently repatriated an Algerian detainee.
It reportedly had also repatriated an Algerian detainee.
It had repatriated an American escaped Algerian detainee.
It had repatriated him as an Algerian detainee.
First lady, Mary Ann Lee McCrory hosted an Easter egg hunt.
First lady Ann McCrory was hosted at an annual Easter egg hunt.
First lady Ann Marie McCrory hosted an annual Easter - egg hunt.
First lady Mary Ann Lee McCrory hosted an Easter - egg hunt.
First lady, Ann - Marie McCrory hosted an Easter egg hunt.
A third patient drank water from Dettol and another consumed shower gel.
A patient drank from Dettol, and another consumed the shower gel.
A patient drank from the Dettol, and another consumed shower gel.
A third patient drank Dettol and another patient consumed the shower gel.
A patient who drank Dettol, and another consumed the shower gel.
Kristen Bell Bell, and actress Dax Shepard have tied the knot.
Kristen Bellow and even Dax Shepard would have tied the knot.
Kristen - Bell and Dax Shepard have also tied up the knot.
Kristen and Bell and Dax and Shepard have tied up the knot.
Kristen Bellow, and Dax Shepard would have tied the knot.
Georgians are voting unanimously for a president to officially officially succeed Mikhail Saakashvili.
Georgians are voting for a new Georgian deputy president to succeed Mikhail Saakashvili.
Georgians now are voting for choosing a new president to succeed Mikhail Saakashvili.
Georgians are voting for a president - candidate, to succeed Mikhail Saakashvili.
Georgians right now are also voting for a president to succeed Mikhail Saakashvili.
NILER Mrumaya won the Tanzanian Top New Model crown.
NILER Mruma won the Miss Tanzania World 2014 Top Model crown.
NILERA Mrumaya won the Tanzanian Top Model crown.
NILER Mruma won both the Tanzanian Top 5 Model crown.
NILERA - Mruma won the Miss Tanzania Top Model crown.
The hikers managed to get out and soon a thorough search was starting.
The hikers managed somehow to finally finally get out a search was starting.
The other hikers managed to get out and soon a search was starting.
The hikers managed to get out and a very thorough search was starting.
The hikers had managed to get out a thorough search that was starting.
A former marine accused him of beating up a cab driver also later pleaded guilty.
A former marine accused of severely beating a local cab - driver also pleaded guilty.
A former marine accused of a beating up by a cab driver also pleaded guilty.
A former merchant marine officer accused him of severely beating a cab driver pleaded guilty.
A former marine accused of severely beating a local taxi cab - driver pleaded guilty.
A young Idahoan man who has pleaded guilty to murder.
A Idaho police patrol man who has pleaded guilty to murder.
A Idaho man has pleaded not guilty not guilty to murder.
A very young Idaho man who has pleaded guilty to murder.
A young Idaho man who has recently pleaded guilty to murder.
The DC City Planning Council voted to not decriminalize recreational marijuana possession.
The DCI City Council unanimously voted unanimously to decriminalize marijuana possession.
The Washington DC City Council voted unanimously not to decriminalize marijuana possession.
The DC City Council voted to also not decriminalize recreational marijuana possession.
The Washington DC City Advisory Council voted to not decriminalize marijuana possession.
Crews are in fact continuing efforts to completely tear down the old Fort Rogers County courthouse.
Crews are continuing their efforts to tear - down the restored old Fort Rogers County courthouse.
Crews are continuing their efforts to completely tear down the historic old Rogersville County courthouse.
Crews are continuing efforts to tear - down down the old, Fort Rogers County courthouse.
Crews are continuing the efforts underway to completely tear down the old Fort Rogers County courthouse.
Blendcast has secured over a US $ 2. 7 million seed funding funding round led.
Blend has also secured a $ 2. 5 7 - million in seed funding round led.
Blendcast has secured over half a $ 2. 7 million seed funding funding round led.
Blendcast has secured a $ $ 2. 7 - million in seed funding round led.
Blendcast has also secured a $ 2. 7 million in seed funding funding round led.
A man faces down on an assault charge.
A man faces down on an assault charge.
A handsome young man faces an assault charge.
A young man faces down an assault charge.
A man faces off an attempted assault charge.
Lindsay Lohan has landed a solo gig on Two 2 - Broke Girls.
Lindsay - Lohan has landed a guest gig on Two - Broke Girls.
Lindsay Lohan, has also landed a gig on The Two Broke Girls.
Lindsay Lohan fame has landed her a guest gig on Two Broke Girls.
Lindsay Lohan has landed her a guest gig on Two - Broke Girls.
We can expect help in the 78 seconds that we encounter online.
We expect to help and in about 78 seconds we encounter online.
We expect to help in the 78 seconds we will encounter online.
We expect to have help in 78 seconds that we encounter online.
We expect help in 78 seconds and we we will encounter online.
New York : US - ambassador presents credentials to Michel Sleiman.
New US - ambassador presents credentials directly addressed to Michel Sleiman.
New US foreign ambassador also presents credentials addressed to Michel Sleiman.
New - York US - ambassador presents credentials to Michel Sleiman.
New US ambassador also presents the credentials addressed to Michel Sleiman.
The then Prince of Wales has labelled " the Australian pension industry's " policy approach as unfit for purpose.
The Prince of Wales has labelled changing the pension industry's pensions policy approach, as unfit for purpose.
The Prince of South Wales has labelled, in the pension industry's policy approach, as unfit for purpose.
The Prince of Wales'government has also labelled the pensions industry's approach as unfitting for purpose.
The Prince Edward of Wales has also publicly publicly labelled the pension industry's approach policy as unfit for purpose.
Gas station prices had soared almost overnight in Nova Scotia.
Gas prices that had soared almost overnight in Nova Scotia.
Gas prices had soared almost overnight, in Nova Scotia.
Gas station prices soared almost overnight, in Nova Scotia.
Gas - station prices had soared overnight in Nova Scotia.
One of President Obama's Secret Intelligence Service agents has reportedly also been suspended, allegedly after trying unsuccessfully to force his way back into a woman's hotel room.
One of former President Barack Obama's Secret Intelligence Service agents has been suspended indefinitely after trying to illegally force his way into a pregnant pregnant woman's hotel room.
One member each of President Barack Obama's top Secret Service Agency special agents has been suspended after trying to force himself his way into a woman's hotel room.
One former member of President Obama's Secret Service agents has also been suspended after " allegedly trying to force his way into, " a woman's hotel room.
One of former President Barack Obama's Secret Service special agents has been suspended after allegedly trying to force himself his way back into a woman's private hotel room.
A second MAN has also apparently died after a car has crashed into a tree.
A MAN officer who has recently died after a police car crashed into a tree.
A former MAN has recently died after a car crashed too heavily into a tree.
A MAN has died, after a police car crashed heavily into under a tree.
A MAN has died, shortly after a police car crashed heavily into a tree.
Bannitalapuram in Gundlupet taluk of the Chamarajanagar district recorded maximum rainfall - level of 52. 5 5mm in Karnataka.
Bannitalapura in the Gundlupet taluka of Chamarajanagar district has recorded maximum rainfall of around 52. 5mm annually in Karnataka.
Bannitalapura in Gundlupet taluk of Chamarajanagar Kannada district recorded maximum annual rainfall of around - 52. 5 5mm in Karnataka.
Bannitalapuram in the Gundlupet taluk of Chamarajanagar Kannada Kannada district recorded maximum rainfall of around 52. 5mm in Karnataka.
Bannitalapura in Gundlupet taluk of Chamarajanagar district has had a recorded maximum rainfall - level of 52. 5mm in Karnataka.
TrustedConsumerReview is also also pleased to announce as being the second best voip phone service provider.
TrustedConsumerReview is pleased to announce it as the next - ranked best voip phone service provider.
TrustedConsumerReview, which is pleased to announce itself as the best known voip phone service provider.
TrustedConsumerReview, is also very pleased to announce as the second best voip phone service provider.
TrustedConsumerReview, is pleased to announce itself as the best known mobile voip phone service provider.
Group have not applied themselves to appeal.
Group have applied almost unsuccessfully to appeal.
Group have applied almost unsuccessfully to appeal.
Group A members have applied to appeal.
Group A members have applied to appeal.
Virgin Atlantic Airlines are going to start battery charging, if they want for them to reserve their seat.
Virgin Atlantic train passengers are going to start the battery charging if they want them to reserve their seat.
Virgin Atlantic are going to immediately immediately start charging them if they want them to and reserve their seat.
Virgin Atlantic are going to start back charging them if they do ever want them to reserve their seat.
Virgin - Atlantic are also going to immediately immediately start charging passengers if they want to reserve their seat.
The work, you and the stars, what is this young man you are mindful of him.
The work, and the stars what is this man you are so mindful of, of him.
The work, you and the rock stars what he is man you are, mindful of him.
The hard work, and judging by the stars, what is man you are mindful of him.
The same hard hard work, and the stars what is man you are mindful of of him.
Anna University also has received invited applications.
Anna Anna University also has invited applications.
Anna University Chennai also has invited applications.
Anna Anna University has received invited applications.
Anna University has also received invited applications.
An blaze had also destroyed a log home.
An blaze also partially destroyed a log home.
An blaze destroyed nearly half a log home.
An blaze destroyed half a nearby log home.
An blaze destroyed nearly half a log home.
Harry had had a cold night's sleep he had slept all alone in a freezer.
Harry had decided after a cold night's sleep he too had slept in a freezer.
Harry had had a nice cold night's sleep he slept in in like a freezer.
Harry Rex had had a good cold night's hard sleep he slept in a freezer.
Harry had a long cold night's hard sleep and he slept in in a freezer.
Mötley and Crüe have also announced a new Farewell Tour.
Mötley and Crüe Records have announced for a Farewell Tour.
Mötley Crüe have been also announced for a Farewell Tour.
Mötley Crüe Records have announced for a new Farewell Tour.
Mötley Crüe have announced yet a brand new Farewell Tour.
He has brought lot of more sense of stability in my new life, Kajol told.
He also has brought lot of stability in to start my new life, Kajol told.
He has always just been a brought lot of stability in my life, Kajol told.
He has brought a lot more of stability back in my old life, Kajol told.
He just, really has, brought lot of stability in my life, Kajol told.
Burger King will recruit about one another 250 workers in Finland.
Burger King will also recruit 2500 workers based in Finland.
Burger King Finland will recruit about 2500 workers in Finland.
Burger King will recruit 25000 new workers in Finland.
Burger King Finland will recruit about another 250 workers in Finland.
A children's church pastor has been accused of sexually sexually soliciting a minor.
A children's pastorate has also often been accused of soliciting a minor.
A children's pastor has been accused of twice of sexually soliciting a minor.
A local children's pastor has been accused of soliciting help for a minor.
A children's pastor has also reportedly been accused twice of soliciting a minor.
A young former US Ambassador to South Korea, has just recently arrived in Pyongyang.
A handsome young former US Ambassador to the South Korea, has arrived in Pyongyang.
A former Deputy US Ambassador back to the South Korea has arrived back in Pyongyang.
A former Deputy US Ambassador to South - Korea, has also arrived in Pyongyang.
A former US Vice - Ambassador to South Korea, he has arrived in Pyongyang.
Obama will meet up again with congressional leaders on a Monday afternoon.
Obama the administration will meet with congressional leaders there on Monday afternoon.
Obama will meet up with the congressional leaders on a Monday afternoon.
Obama will also meet with congressional leaders there, on Monday afternoon.
Obama will meet with all the congressional district leaders on Monday afternoon.
TNT Post will expand services to its final five mile delivery service further into Greater Manchester.
TNT Post will expand its own final mile postal mail delivery service further into Greater Manchester.
TNT Post will expand its own, and final, mile delivery service into Greater Manchester.
TNT Post will also expand its final mile delivery service even further further into Greater Manchester.
TNT Post will expand its final mile of delivery bus service further north into Greater Manchester.
A pedestrian driver was struck by a car, crashed and was killed in South Dallas.
A pedestrian was struck by a police car and was killed instantly in downtown South Dallas.
A pedestrian was also struck by a Dallas police car and was killed in South Dallas.
A pedestrian was struck by such a car, crashed and was killed in South Dallas.
A pedestrian bus driver was struck by a police car and killed himself in South Dallas.
An house on automatic fire killed a couple.
An house on fire also killed a couple.
An old house on fire killed a couple.
An house on fire killed only a couple.
An house fire had killed only a couple.
Barlows Manufacturing is currently holding up an open house to show - off with a laser steel cutter.
Barlow Manufacturing is holding an annual open house to the public show - off a laser and steel cutter.
Barlow Manufacturing is holding an open house event, to help them show off a laser and steel cutter.
Barlow Manufacturing is currently also holding up an open house to show one - off a laser steel cutter.
Barlows Manufacturing Company is holding an open - house event to publicly show off a laser steel cutter.
Red Bull Sport have not yet ruled out Kimi and Raikkonen for winning their vacant seat season.
Red Bull Brasil have not ruled out Kimi Raikkonen, for winning their vacant - seat season.
Red - Bull have not ruled out the upcoming Kimi Raikkonen for their vacant - seat season.
Red - Bull have also not ruled out playing the Kimi Raikkonen for their vacant seat season.
Red Bull have not ruled out Kimi Raikkonen for not winning their vacant - seat seat season.
Turkish jets were shot down twice by a Syrian warplane.
Turkish Army Syrian fighter jets shot down a Syrian warplane.
Turkish jets shot shoot shoot - down a Syrian warplane.
Turkish jets also shot - down down a Syrian warplane.
Turkish jets have also reportedly shot down a Syrian warplane.
Freedoms of free speech of foreign journalists are still threatened.
Freedom of speech of foreign - language journalists are still threatened.
Freedoms and of free speech of journalists are still threatened.
Freedom of speech of journalists are now being also still threatened.
Freedom of speech rights of journalists are now also still threatened.
YESpay specialist company PMC today has announced a new strategic partnership.
YESpay and specialist services company PMC today announced a strategic partnership.
YESpay specialist company PMC today has announced on a strategic partnership.
YESpay IT specialist PMC is today announced as a strategic partnership.
YESpay specialist PMC Group has just today announced a strategic partnership.
Edward Snowden is not just afraid and has always had no regrets, " the reporter said.
Edward James Snowden is also simply not afraid, and has no regrets, the reporter said.
Edward Snowden is certainly not afraid and has always had absolutely no regrets, the reporter said.
Edward Snowden is simply not afraid, and he has had no regrets, the reporter said.
Edward Snowden himself is not afraid, and he has no real regrets, the reporter said.
A potentially fatal case report of H5N1 and bird flu has been reported only in Canada.
A fatalised human case report case of H5N1 bird flu has been reported in Canada.
A fatal case of a H5N1 bird flu infection has been recently reported, in Canada.
A potentially fatal case, and report of H5N1 bird flu has been reported in Canada.
A single fatalized human case of H5N1 bird flu infection has been reported in Canada.
Ohio State University State University is closing its former main campus in Columbus.
Ohio Valley State University is closing its former main campus building in Columbus.
Ohio State University is currently closing down on its main campus in Columbus.
Ohio State University System is closing its former, main campus in Columbus.
Ohio State University - University System is closing its main campus in Columbus.
Jeanette Schodorf announced plans to launch it in her campaign for Kansas secretary of state.
Jean Schodorff plans how to launch her campaign for the Kansas state secretary of state.
Jean Schodorf announced plans to launch her own campaign for becoming the Kansas secretary of state.
Jean Schodorf had other plans to launch in her campaign for the Kansas secretary of state.
Jeanette Schodorf plans to be launch in her campaign for Kansas state secretary of state.
Presidential elections held in Azerbaijan Republic were held in such a calm and transparent atmosphere.
Presidential elections held annually in independent Azerbaijan were held in calm, and transparent atmosphere.
Presidential elections held in independent independent Azerbaijan were held in calm, and transparent atmosphere.
Presidential parliamentary parliamentary elections in Azerbaijan were generally held in calm, and transparent atmosphere.
Presidential parliamentary elections in Azerbaijan were held, in calm, and a transparent atmosphere.
What's in is in the Water.
What's coming in is the Water.
What's been happening in the Water.
What's in it is the Water.
What's in it is the Water.
Bahraini protesters have also clashed repeatedly and with security force.
Bahraini protesters have also also reportedly clashed with security force.
Bahraini opposition and protesters have also clashed with security force.
Bahraini protesters have also clashed frequently with the security force.
Bahraini opposition protesters have also reportedly clashed with security force.
Mulayam Singh Yadav has also said on that China is an untrustworthy country.
Mulayam Singh of Yadav said on China is an " extremely untrustworthy country.
Mulayam Singh Yadav said on China it is not an entirely untrustworthy country.
Mulayam Singh of the Yadav said on China is an extremely untrustworthy country.
Mulayam Singh Yadav said on China is still not considered an untrustworthy country.
Thousands flocked out daily to the Aqsa mosque to mark the Lailatul Qadr.
Thousands flocked out to the Al Aqsa mosque to mark the Lailatul Qadr.
Thousands flocked to the Aqsabadiyya mosque to mark Lailatul Qadr.
Thousands have flocked to the Al Aqsa mosque to officially mark Lailatul Qadr.
Thousands people flocked out to the Aqsabad mosque to mark Lailatul Qadr.
Nitish Kumar holds but had previously, failed, to check crimes.
Nitish Kumar holds but he had failed twice before to check crimes.
Nitish Kumar Kumar Kumar still holds but had failed to check crimes.
Nitish Kumar Kumar Kumar still holds but had failed to check crimes.
Nitish Kumar holds bail but police had failed to properly check crimes.
All major payday loan service companies have jack conway associated.
All the payday loan companies jack the same conway associated.
All payday loan service provider companies have jack conway associated.
All the payday loan companies jack up the conway associated.
All payday loan companies also must jack the conway associated.
A separatist leader was later found dead lying on to a local roadside in Baramulla district.
A separatist leader was found dead lying on steps next to a roadside in Baramulla district.
A local separatist leader, was found dead on near to a roadside in Baramulla district.
A local militant separatist leader was found dead, lying on a roadside in Baramulla district.
A separatist leader was found shot dead dead on a nearby local roadside in Baramulla district.
Google Glass means it could get its very own own app back in store soon.
Google Glass means it could most probably get its own mobile app in store soon.
Google Google Glass means, that it probably could get its own app store soon.
Google Glass means that means it could most probably get its own app store soon.
Google Glass also also also means it could get its own app in store soon.
Elsevier, which has today announced the launch of the Journals of High - Energy Astrophysics, publishes the journal.
Elsevier, today, announced, the launch date of the Journal of High Energy Space Astrophysics, after the journal.
Elsevier, today, announced the launch of the Journals of Applied and High Energy Astrophysics, replacing the journal.
Elsevier, today, announced the 2017 launch of, the Journal of High - Energy Astrophysics, replacing the journal.
Elsevier, today announced, with the launch of, the International Journal of High - Energy Astrophysics, the journal.
It's so hard to even beat broccoli.
It's hard enough not to beat broccoli.
It's hard enough not to beat broccoli.
It's so damn hard to beat broccoli.
It's so hard to even beat broccoli.
Investments lured in, by, the transport services sector, have been growing.
Investments lured in by the transport services industry sector, which have been growing.
Investments are lured by the transport services sector, which may have been growing.
Investments lured by, the transport services industry sector, have also been growing.
Investments lured in by the public and transport services sector, have been growing.
Derek - Jeter becomes the Mr. November.
Derek - Jeter becomes the Mr. November.
Derek Jeter later on becomes Mr. November.
Derek Jeter later on becomes Mr. November.
Derek - Jeter becomes the Mr. November.
A former Leetonia area maniac may not be on the run again.
A young, Leetonia area man may be on the long run again.
A Leetonia area mane may be seen on to the run again.
A Leetonia Bay - area man may be on the long run again.
A young Leetonia - area man may be on the long run again.
Mr Shapps visited the Whitworths family business Anglo Recycling.
Mr. Shapps visited Whitworth to discuss business Anglo Recycling.
Mr Shapps also visited the Whitworth business and Anglo Recycling.
Mr. Shappson also visited Whitworth business Anglo Recycling.
Mr. Shapps visited Whitworth business in the Anglo Recycling.
Volkswagen CEO, Martin Winterkorn has announced a new midsize SUV for entering into the American market.
Volkswagen CEO, Martin von Winterkorn announced a brand new, midsize SUV for the American market.
Volkswagen CEO, Martin von Winterkorn announced a brand new midsize SUV for the North American market.
Volkswagen CEO Martin von Winterkorn also recently announced a brand new midsize SUV for the American market.
Volkswagen Group CEO Martin von Winterkorn announced a brand new midsize SUV platform for the American market.
Turkish minister for the economy has filed for his resignation a resignation note.
Turkish central government minister for the economy, has filed a resignation note.
Turkish minister for the economy, has filed a more formal resignation note.
Turkish minister for managing the economy has also filed for a resignation note.
Turkish government minister for managing the Turkish economy has filed a resignation note.
Indonesians also voted heavily for a parliament.
Indonesians voted unanimously for establishing a parliament.
Indonesians voted unanimously for establishing a parliament.
Indonesians voted unanimously for establishing a parliament.
Indonesians also voted for establishing a parliament.
Barack - Obama has ordered a comprehensive review of US immigration deportation practices.
Barack - Obama has ordered a more comprehensive review of US deportation practices.
Barack Obama has ordered Obama for a review of US immigration deportation practices.
Barack Obama has ordered a comprehensive review process of US immigration deportation practices.
Barack Obama also has ordered a review of all the US deportation practices.
The number of Syrian refugees living mainly in eastern Turkey has exceeded 600, 000.
The total number number of Syrian Muslim refugees in Turkey has exceeded 600, 000.
The number of Syrian Muslim refugees currently living in Turkey has exceeded 600, 000.
The total number of Syrian refugees in the Turkey today has exceeded 600, 000.
The number number of Syrian Arab political refugees in Turkey has exceeded 600, 000.
Six other young men were also arrested in a drug raid.
Six men were also arrested in planning a US drug raid.
Six men arrested were arrested again, in a drug raid.
Six other men he arrested were arrested in a drug raid.
Six men were arrested again in a subsequent nationwide drug raid.
Trial is also set for a man being charged with charges with rape and child molestation.
Trial a date is set for hearing a man is charged with rape and child molestation.
Trial is set up specifically for a man charged with with rape and attempted child molestation.
Trial is set for a man being falsely falsely charged with rape, and child molestation.
Trial date is set for a young man charged with child rape and attempted child molestation.
The 2007 Big Ten Outstanding Player Young Men trophy tells that Tiun is more than just a basketball player.
The Ten Outstanding Young Chinese Men trophy winner tells Tiu he really is more important than just a basketball player.
The Ten Outstanding Young Chinese Men trophy winner tells Tiu is more very important than just being a basketball player.
The Ten Most - Outstanding Young Chinese Men trophy tells Tiu is more than just being a star basketball player.
The Big Ten Outstanding Young Men national basketball trophy tells Tiu what is more important than just a basketball player.
Police are investigating a second, attempted armed bank robbery in four days.
Police are now investigating a second, armed bank robbery in four days.
Police are now investigating a second attempted armed robbery attempt in four days.
Police are investigating a possible second attempted armed robbery in just four days.
Police are investigating a possible second attempted armed robbery attempt in four days.
Brazil shoots down Snowden, for asylum speculation.
Brazil shoots stare - down Snowden asylum speculation.
Brazil shoots - down Snowden for asylum speculation.
Brazil then shoots down Snowden for asylum speculation.
Brazil shoots down Edward Snowden for asylum speculation.
Kevin Michael Ball is also keen to use the composer Emanuele Giaccherini in a central role.
Kevin De Ballance is keen not to use Emanuele Giaccherini in a more central role.
Kevin Ball is keen not to use Emanuele Giaccherini in such a much more central role.
Kevin Ball is reportedly also keen not to use Emanuele Giaccherini in such a central role.
Kevin Michael Ball is keen not to use Emanuele De Giaccherini in such a central role.
EROAD International has also opened its very first US office.
EROAD has also recently opened its first overseas US office.
EROADO International has opened up its first US office.
EROAD International has opened its very first overseas US office.
EROAD International has opened up in its first US office.
Patrick Raftery and LLeyton Hewitt confirm joining with Serena Williams for the International Ladies Premiers Indoor Tennis League.
Patrick Gil - Rafter and LLeyton Hewitt confirm joining Serena Williams for joining the International Premier Indoors Tennis League.
Patrick - Rafter and LLeyton Hewitt confirm joining with partner Serena Williams for the 2018 Dubai International Premier Tennis League.
Patrick Rafter and LLeyton - Bob Hewitt also confirm joining Serena Williams, for joining the International Premier Tennis League.
Patrick Rafter and partner LLeyton Hewitt also confirm joining with Serena Williams for joining the new International Premier Tennis League.
Gor Mahia stretched it out their lead.
Gor Mahia had stretched out their lead.
Gor and Mahia stretched out their lead.
Gor Mahiar had stretched their lead.
Gor Mahia had stretched out their lead.
Loyola University Chicago is receiving a $ US $ 1. 75 million gift.
Loyola University Chicago is receiving a $ $ 1. 5 75 million gift.
Loyola University is receiving a $ US $ $ 1. 75 million gift.
Loyola University of Chicago is receiving over a $ 1. 75 million gift.
Loyola University Chicago faculty faculty is receiving a $ 1. 75 million gift.
Boeing Aviation today marked the launch of Boeing 787 customer pilot training program in Miami.
Boeing today marked the first launch date of 787 customer training training aircraft in Miami.
Boeing customer training today has marked the launch of 787 Boeing customer training in Miami.
Boeing today marked the official launch the day of 787 flight customer training in Miami.
Boeing today is marked with the launch and date of 787 customer training in Miami.
Charters Communications had swung to a large profit during the fourth quarter.
Charter Communications had swung to a very large profit during the fourth quarter.
Charters Communications swung to a profit margin during only the fourth quarter.
Charter Communications had swung to a large profit during only the fourth quarter.
Charter Communications swung out to a profitability margin during the fourth quarter.
Jordan is by now also eager to assume a UN Security Council seat.
Jordan is also eager to assume a UN Mutual Security Assistance Council seat.
Jordanian is eager to assume just such a UN Security Council seat.
Jordan is eager to assume a brand new UN - Security Council seat.
Jordanis is eager to assume such a UN - Security Council seat.
A woman has also appeared accused of stealing over US £. $ 32, 000 from a church.
A woman has appeared accused of stealing over £3, $ 32, 000 000 from a church.
A local elderly woman has appeared accused of stealing over US $ £ 32, 000 from a church.
A woman who has appeared accused him of of stealing over £ 32, 000 from entering a church.
A woman, who, has since appeared accused of stealing over £ 32, 000 from a church.
Jameis, Winston, Cameron Erving team - up up for dunk.
Jameis Winston, and Cameron Erving, team - up for dunk.
Jameis, Winston, and Cameron Erving team - up for dunk.
Jameis Winston, Cameron and Erving team line - up for dunk.
Jameis Winston, Cameron and Erving team - up up for dunk.
Electronic cigarettes would then be immediately banned from almost all buildings.
Electronic cigarette cigarettes would be banned from almost certainly all buildings.
Electronic cigarettes products would be immediately banned from almost all buildings.
Electronic cigarettes would then be immediately banned from almost all buildings.
Electronic cigarettes that would be banned from entering almost all buildings.
Renault is making progress on fixing the engine " faults, " " according to reports.
Renault is making progress on the engine and its faults, mainly according to to reports.
Renault Sport is also making some progress on the possible engine faults, according to reports.
Renault is making some progress on correctly identifying the possible engine faults, according to reports.
Renault is making good progress on fixing the engine faults, " " according to reports.
DAPA has also threatened to file multiple defamation suits directly against the Utusan Malaysia.
DAPA has threatened to file multiple separate civil defamation suits directly against Utusan Malaysia.
DAPA has threatened to also file multiple civil defamation suits against the Utusan Malaysia.
DAP has also also threatened to file multiple defamation suits directly against the Utusan Malaysia.
DAP has also been threatened to file in multiple defamation suits against the Utusan Malaysia.
General Pervez Musharraf should express his views first in addressing to the court.
General General Pervez said Musharraf should express all his views in the court.
General Pervez Musharraf Khan should not express his political views in the court.
General Pervez Musharraf should express all his political political views in the court.
General Pervez Musharraf Khan should also express all his views in the court.
A former senior advisor also, has recommended merging NSX and ProRail to end.
A former former senior management advisor, has recommended merging NS and ProRail to end.
A senior advisor has also recommended that the merging NSX and ProRail to end.
A senior management advisor, has recommended that merging NS and ProRail is to end.
A former Microsoft senior advisor has also recommended merging with NS and ProRail to end.
AON Plc Director, Lester B. Knight, had purchased over 30, 000 shares of AON Plc stock.
AON Plc Managing Director, Lester B. Knight purchased 30, 000 shares of AON Capital Corporation Plc stock.
AON Plc Managing - Director Lester B. Knight, purchased 30, 000 000 shares of AON Plc stock.
AON Plc Group Group Managing Board Director Lester B. Knight purchased 30, 000 shares of AON Plc stock.
AON Plc Director Lester B. Knight purchased over 30, 000 outstanding shares out of the AON Plc stock.
Carcass ripped right through Lord Reggie's night.
Carcass and fire ripped through Reggie's night.
Carcass ripped right right through Reggie's night.
Carcass ripped right up through Reggie's night.
Carcass ripped right through to Reggie's night.
A sum of Rs. 3, 000 3700 crores, has been recently transferred to 2. 1 crore LPG beneficiaries.
A total sum of Rs. Rs 3, 370 crores has been recently transferred to 2. 1 crore to LPG beneficiaries.
A sum of Rs. 3, 370 crores, has been recently transferred to the 2. 1 - crore LPG beneficiaries.
A sum of Rs. 3, 370 crore has been also recently transferred - out to over 2. 1 crore LPG beneficiaries.
A total cash sum of Rs. 3, 000 370 crore has been transferred out to 2. 5 1 crore LPG beneficiaries.
A French priest recently kidnapped in northern central Cameroon has been set free.
A French priest recently kidnapped in far northern Cameroon has been set free.
A French priest recently being illegally kidnapped in Cameroon has been set free.
A French priest kidnapped while in southern Cameroon has since been set free.
A French Catholic priest he kidnapped while in Cameroon has been set free.
EurAsEC Secretary General will also release a new book titled Eurasian project of President, Nursultan Nazarbayev.
EurAsEC Deputy Secretary General will release a book, titled Eurasian project biography of President Nursultan Nazarbayev.
EurAsEC Secretary General report will be release later in a book titled Eurasian project of Nursultan Nazarbayev.
EurAsEC Secretary General will release in a book titled The East Eurasian project project of Nursultan Nazarbayev.
EurAsEC Secretary General, he will release a book, titled Eurasian project of President Nursultan Nazarbayev.
Gulfport County police have arrested an woman and one a young man on unrelated criminal charges of financial embezzlement in complaints arising from businesses.
Gulfport police officers have arrested one an unnamed woman and another a man on unrelated criminal charges of embezzlement in complaints arising from businesses.
Gulfport police have arrested an American woman, and one a man on two unrelated charges of financial embezzlement in separate complaints from businesses.
Gulfport police may have arrested an unidentified unnamed young woman and a man, on unrelated charges of embezzlement in complaints arising from businesses.
Gulfport County police officers may have arrested an woman, and a young black man on unrelated charges of embezzlement in complaints from businesses.
A very angry young Pittsburgh man pleaded guilty, bringing a end to both his jury trial.
A Pittsburgh police man pleaded to not guilty, bringing a premature end to his jury trial.
A Pittsburgh man pleaded guilty, bringing a end - - up to both his jury trial.
A Pittsburgh police man pleaded guilty, thus bringing a new endpoint to his jury trial.
A Pittsburgh man pleaded to not guilty, bringing a premature end to both his jury trial.
Wm Morrison is to also make it its first major foray into entering the London based online grocery market.
Wm. James Morrison is to also make its first foray into and entering the London online grocery market.
Wm Morrison is set to also officially make its first foray into the London - based online grocery market.
Wm. Morrisons is planning to make this its first foray into entering the London online grocery market.
Wm. Morrison is to also make this its first major foray back into the London online grocery market.
Seacrest is also currently launching his clothing line.
Seacrest is currently launching his own clothing line.
Seacrest is launching it on his clothing line.
Seacrest also is launching his own clothing line.
Seacrest is currently launching on his clothing line.
Abbott calls for far - greater privacy protections.
Abbott calls for a far greater privacy protections.
Abbott calls for far greater personal privacy protections.
Abbott calls for far greater personal privacy protections.
Abbott calls for greater consumer consumer privacy protections.
The diesel shortages however is expected not only to end today.
The diesel shortages is expected not only only to end today.
The national diesel fuel shortages program is expected to end today.
The current diesel fuel shortages is expected to finally end today.
The diesel shortages is not expected but expected to end today.
Spacey Jones will also play Winston Churchill.
Spacey Jones, will play Winston Churchill.
Spacey Jones will play Sir Winston Churchill.
Spacey Jones will also play Winston Churchill.
Spacey will also play Sir Winston Churchill.
P. Chidambaram lowered his total current - account budget deficit target to $ US 60 billion.
P. V. Chidambaram lowered his total current account deficit target deficit to $ 60 billion.
P. Chidambaram lowered down his current - government account deficit target deficit to $ 60 billion.
P. V Chidambaram lowered down his current bank account deficit target to US $ 60 billion.
P. Chidambaram lowered his current current bank - account - deficit target to $ 60 billion.
Nintendo Entertainment of America later claimed in a patent court win.
Nintendo of North America later claimed a successful patent court win.
Nintendo of North America claimed in a patent infringement court win.
Nintendo of North America later successfully claimed a patent court win.
Nintendo of America also later claimed a patent infringement court win.
Humshakalshu has postponed its then upcoming release so to avoid having a clash with PK.
Humshakals has also postponed its release, presumably so as to avoid a clash with PK.
Humshakals has postponed its release so as to avoid a clashing storyline storyline with PK.
Humshakals has postponed its release, so to don't avoid a clashing with PK.
Humshakals has postponed for its release, so as to not avoid a clash with PK.
America itself is not even the world's policeman.
America is not even the real world's policeman.
America in itself is not the world's policeman.
America in itself is not the world's policeman.
America is not even the real world's policeman.
Southeast Asian crude oil stocks rose on Friday.
Southeast Asia - Asian stocks rose on Friday.
Southeast Asian crude oil stocks rose on Friday.
Southeast Asian oil stocks also rose on Friday.
Southeast Asian crude oil stocks rose on Friday.
Mahendra Chaudhry will be also being sentenced today.
Mahendra Chaudhry, will not be sentenced today.
Mahendra Chaudhry, will not be sentenced today.
Mahendra Singh and Chaudhry will be sentenced today.
Mahendra Chaudhry, will be also sentenced today.
Three dozen other GOP candidates will gather together to publicly endorse Anthony Brown for governor.
Three GOP presidential candidates will gather to officially endorse Republican Anthony Wayne Brown for governor.
Three GOP presidential candidates will gather to officially endorse Anthony Wayne - Brown for governor.
Three GOP vice presidential candidates will gather close together to endorse Anthony Brown for governor.
Three other state GOP candidates also announced will gather to endorse Anthony Brown for governor.
A very strong India team is good enough for world cricket.
A strong India team is not so good for world cricket.
A strong India is good for the future of world cricket.
A very strong India team is good enough for world cricket.
A strong India team that is considered good for world cricket.
The North York Borough Council has also voted to also don't extend an offer of employment to a manager candidate.
The North York Borough Council voted to not immediately extend such an offer of free employment to a city manager candidate.
The North York Borough Council voted to extend or even such an offer form of employment offered to a manager candidate.
The North East York Borough Council also voted to extend such an open offer of employment to such a manager candidate.
The North York and Metropolitan Borough Council voted to not extend an offer offer of employment only to a manager candidate.
Buffalo Sabres Patrick John Kaleta is currently appealing for the suspension.
Buffalo Sabres forward Patrick Kaleta is appealing again for the suspension.
Buffalo Sabres forward Patrick Joseph Kaleta, is appealing the suspension.
Buffalo Sabres coach Patrick Kaleta is considering not appealing the suspension.
Buffalo Buffalo Sabres forward Patrick John Kaleta is appealing the suspension.
A Zimbabwean Baptist pastor was jailed twice twice for raping.
A former Zimbabwean Baptist pastor was also jailed for raping.
A Zimbabwean pastor was later also briefly jailed for raping.
A female Zimbabwean Baptist pastor was also jailed for raping.
A young female white Zimbabwean pastor was jailed for raping.
Mission accomplished for all of the BikeNZ team.
Mission accomplished mission accomplished for the BikeNZ team.
Mission is accomplished for all the BikeNZ team.
Mission accomplished mission for the Team BikeNZ team.
Mission accomplished mission for the Team BikeNZ team.
A WELLING United FC fan later publicly hanged himself after struggling hard to deal with psychological problems.
A WELLING United FC fan hanged himself, and himself after struggling to deal with psychological problems.
A WELLING United fan later hanged himself after struggling to successfully deal himself with his psychological problems.
A WELLING A Manchester United fan hanged himself himself after struggling to deal himself with psychological problems.
A WELLING United FC FC fan hanged himself, after allegedly struggling to deal with psychological problems.
Samad Oppongiy has signed up for Ethnikos Achnas.
Samad Oppongi has signed up for Alpha Ethnikos Achnas.
Samad Oppongi has also signed for Alpha Ethnikos Achnas.
Samadze Oppong has signed up for Alpha Ethnikos Achnas.
Samad Oppongi has signed up again for Ethnikos Achnas.
Temple men's soccer tied the UCF record at 2 2.
Temple men's soccer tied with the UCF # 2 2.
Temple men's soccer football team has tied UCF 2 2.
Temple University men's soccer tied with UCF # 2 2.
Temple men's varsity soccer team tied with UCF 2 2.
New - Zealander business confidence dipped slightly.
New - Zealand business confidence had dipped slightly.
New Zealand business and market confidence dipped slightly.
New Zealand business confidence had only dipped slightly.
New Zealand business confidences had dipped slightly.
Harvard University has launched it with a $ 6. 5 billion capital campaign.
Harvard University has launched a new US $ 6. 5 billion capital campaign.
Harvard University launched with a $ 6. 5 5 - billion capital campaign.
Harvard Medical University launched with a $ 6. 5 - billion capital campaign.
Harvard University has launched a US $ 6. 5 billion student capital campaign.
The German private wind farm operator Prokon has also warned 75, 000 investors worldwide of an imminent insolvency.
The second largest German private wind farm operator, Prokon has warned 75, 000 investors of imminent insolvency.
The German wind - power farm operator, Prokon has also warned 75, 000 investors of imminent insolvency.
The German wind - farm operator Prokonter has also warned over 75, 000 investors of imminent insolvency.
The German private - sector wind farm operator Prokon has warned over 75, 000 investors of imminent insolvency.
Beni Te Te'o has issued a statement.
Beni Te Te'o has issued a statement.
Ben Te'o has issued no such a statement.
Beni Te'o has also issued a statement.
Ben Te'ot has not issued a statement.
Tokyo stocks alone would have opened 0. 22 cent.
Tokyo stock stocks have opened 0. 5 22 cent.
Tokyo stocks have been opened 0. 5 22 cent.
Tokyo stocks have been opened at 0. 22 cent.
Tokyo stocks alone would have opened 0. 22 cent.
The genocide against Azerbaijanis has not been officially given a full legal assessment.
The genocide against Azerbaijanis in itself has not been given a legal assessment.
The genocide against the Azerbaijanis has however also not been given legal assessment.
The genocide committed specifically against Azerbaijanis, has not been given legal assessment.
The alleged alleged genocide against Azerbaijanis has not been officially given legal assessment.
The Chicago Cubs have also conceded Central Illinois to the St. - Louis Joe Louis Cardinals.
The Chicagoish Cubs would have conceded Central and Eastern Illinois to the St. Louis Cardinals.
The Chicago Cubs have conceded Central Illinois University Stadium home games to the St. Louis Cardinals.
The Chicago Cubs have also conceded Central Illinois to play the expansion St. - Louis Cardinals.
The Chicago Cubs franchise also would have conceded to Central Illinois to the St. Louis Cardinals.
The quick, brown fox jumps all over the little lazy dog.
The quick brown fox dog jumps over to the big lazy dog.
The quick little brown fox jumps over the big big lazy dog.
The quick brown - fox dog jumps over to the lazy dog.
The quick brown - foxed dog jumps over the lazy dog.
Three Hispanic employees, are currently suing Target Corp., for discrimination.
Three Hispanic employees are currently suing Target Foods Corp., for discrimination.
Three Hispanic employees are currently suing the Target Management Corp. for discrimination.
Three Hispanic employees, are suing Target Corp., allegedly for discrimination.
Three Hispanic employees, are suing the American Target Corp. for discrimination.
An international agreement had been reached, with India agreeing to purchase electricity.
An agreement had been recently reached, with India to jointly purchase electricity.
An agreement had already recently been reached with India to jointly purchase electricity.
An agreement that had been only recently reached with India to purchase electricity.
An earlier international agreement also had been reached with India to purchase electricity.
I resigned from the company TNA Entertainment.
I resigned myself from leaving TNA Entertainment.
Irvin also resigned from TNA Entertainment.
I resigned myself from leaving TNA Entertainment.
I resigned from all the TNA Entertainment.
China will launch China with a multi - - tier pricing mechanism for household gas.
China will also help launch a multi - - tier pricing mechanism for household gas.
China Natural Gas will launch a multi - tier pricing pricing mechanism for household gas.
China will launch a new multi - tier gas pricing mechanism specifically for household gas.
China will launch a new multi - tier pricing pricing mechanism for imported household gas.
Timmy Sherwood, Les Ferdinand, and Chrissie Ramsey are to also take temporary charge at North Tottenham, the club officials have confirmed.
Tim Sherwood, both Les Ferdinand and Chris Ramsey are to take a temporary caretaker charge at Tottenham, the other three club officials have confirmed.
Tim Sherwood, Les Ferdinand and Chris Ramsey, are set up to take temporary charge respectively at Tottenham, as the English club have confirmed.
Tim Sherwood, Les Ferdinand, and Chris Ramsey are all now set to take a temporary charge back at Tottenham, the club have confirmed.
Tim Sherwood, Lesz Ferdinand and Chris Ramsey, who are set to also take temporary charge at nearby Tottenham, the club have confirmed.
The main opposition political parties in the Capital District of city have been misleading people.
The main opposition parties in governing the Capital city have often been deliberately misleading people.
The opposition parties in governing the Capital city may also have been deliberately misleading people.
The opposition parties in the Capital city have been deliberately, deliberately and misleading people.
The main opposition parties in the Capital District of the city have been misleading people.
MNCs also value the contribution of Indian employees.
MNCs also value the contribution of Indian employees.
MNCs are value contribution of the Indian employees.
MNCs value the contribution ratio of Indian employees.
MNCs value contribution of the local Indian employees.
Graeme Swann who has decided now not to retire from cricket.
Graeme Dean Swann has since decided to retire entirely from cricket.
Graeme Swann has decided to retire entirely away entirely from cricket.
Graeme Swann has decided to permanently and retire entirely from cricket.
Graeme Swann has decided to now retire entirely away from cricket.
Indian shares ended up remaining largely unchanged.
Indian market shares have ended largely unchanged.
Indian shares ended - up largely unchanged.
Indian market shares have ended largely unchanged.
Indian shares have ended up largely unchanged.
A local couple has celebrated their own 80th anniversary wedding anniversary.
A local couple also recently has celebrated their 80th wedding anniversary.
A local married couple has celebrated on their 80th wedding anniversary.
A local newly married couple celebrated on their 80th wedding anniversary.
A local couple celebrated on their own the 80th wedding anniversary.
Tommie Reed issued in the statement on the ongoing budgetary battle in Congress.
Tommie Reed issued only the following statement focusing on the budget battle in Congress.
Tommie Reed issued the following statement on ending the budgetary battle in Congress.
Tom Reed issued the statement on effectively ending of the federal budget battle in Congress.
Tommie Reed has issued the statement on the ongoing federal budget battle in Congress.
An child - friendly driver was seriously injured, following a golf cart accident at the Indiana State Fair.
An child was also seriously injured, following a fatal golf cart ride accident at the Indiana State Fair.
An child was injured, following a golf - cart style ball cart accident at the Indiana State Fair.
An child was injured following in part a fatal golf cart accident at the 2010 Indiana State State Fair.
An child was seriously injured, apparently following a fatal golf cart accident, at the Indiana State Fair.
GateHouse Media Group has since emerged from 11 bankruptcy proceedings.
GateHouse Interactive Media has since then emerged 11 bankruptcy proceedings.
GateHouse Media has long since emerged 11 in bankruptcy proceedings.
GateHouse Media Group has long since emerged 11 bankruptcy proceedings.
GateHouse Media Group has since emerged from 11 bankruptcy proceedings.
A former West Yarmouth police man, was convicted for beating a woman.
A West Yarmouth, man, was also convicted for beating a woman.
A West Yarmouth man was also convicted, for allegedly beating a woman.
A West Yarmouth man was also also later convicted for beating a woman.
A West Yarmouth man was convicted for allegedly allegedly allegedly beating a woman.
The US FDA has approved certolizumab pegol for treating adults already diagnosed with severe psoriatic arthritis.
The US FDA has approved certolizumab and pegolb for treating adults diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis.
The US FDA has approved certolizumab pegolb for treating adults with more severe psoriatic arthritis.
The FDA also has approved both certolizumab and pegol for treating adults diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis.
The FDA has approved certolizumab pegol for use in treating adults being diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis.
Britain announced to also partially halve its taxes on shale gas production.
Britain announced to halve its taxes, based on shale gas production.
Britain announced to also halve the taxes imposed on shale gas production.
Britain also announced to halve taxes on its shale - gas production.
Britain announced to also halve taxes on shale oil - gas production.
The Boston Red Sox humiliated by the San Francisco Bay Giants at 7 12 1 Wednesday afternoon.
The visiting Boston Red Sox humiliated the San - Francisco Giants at 12 1 1 Wednesday afternoon.
The Boston Red Sox had humiliated the San - Francisco Giants 12 - 0 1 Wednesday afternoon.
The Boston College Red - Sox humiliated the San Francisco Giants, 12 - 1 Wednesday afternoon.
The Boston Red Sox humiliated the San Francisco Giants 12 - 0 3 - 1 Wednesday afternoon.
Some parents in nearby Bessemer City are also still complaining about a video.
Some young parents in Bessemer City City Council are complaining about a video.
Some young parents in Bessemer City are complaining loudly about making a video.
Some young black parents in Bessemer City are also complaining about a video.
Some parents living in Bessemer City are complaining publicly about releasing a video.
TOYOTAZ has raised up its forecast.
TOYOTAZ has also raised its forecast.
TOYOTA has raised back up its forecast.
TOYOTAZ has also raised its forecast.
TOYOTA has also recently raised its forecast.
The US Army and the Corps of Engineers will reduce significantly the amount of fresh water flowing from the Lake Okeechobee.
The US Navy - Army Army Corps Corps of Engineers will reduce significantly the amount of water flowing from Lake Okeechobee.
The new combined US Army and Corps of Engineers will reduce the amount of water flowing from within the Lake Okeechobee.
The US Army and Corps of Engineers will reduce the amount of of of fresh water flowing in from Lake Okeechobee.
The US Army Corps of Engineers will reduce the amount of the water volume currently flowing in from the Lake Okeechobee.
Freeholdership will hold, part, of such an series of annual road show meetings.
Freeholders will also hold, part of an series, of road pre - show meetings.
Freeholders who will not hold, part, of an series of annual road show meetings.
Freeholders who will not hold, as a part of an series of road show meetings.
Freeholders will not hold, as a part of an series of road - show meetings.
Rob Ford is considering his options, not including going back into drug rehab, " his lawyer said.
Robb Ford is considering his options, including not going back into drug rehab, his lawyer said.
Robb Ford is considering his options, including going into drug rehab,'" his lawyer said.
Robb Ford is considering him selling all his options, including going into rehab, his lawyer said.
Rob Ford is considering his other options, possibly including " going into rehab, " his lawyer said.
John - Michael Eales has joined Melbourne Rebels.
John Eales has since joined the Melbourne Rebels.
John Eales has joined the North Melbourne Rebels.
John Michael Ealeson has joined Melbourne Rebels.
John Eales has since joined the Melbourne Rebels.
TWO Wiltshire Council councillors, are calling to also help impose a levy on supermarkets.
TWO South Wiltshire councillors are also calling to impose such as a levy on supermarkets.
TWO, Wiltshire county councillors, are calling to help impose a levy on supermarkets.
TWO Wiltshire councillors are now also calling to impose a new tax levy on supermarkets.
TWO Wiltshire councillors, are calling again, to impose a new levy on supermarkets.
The Bears also signed veteran quarterback Shaun Draughn.
The Chicago Bears signed veteran quarterback Shaun Draughn.
The Bears signed rookie and veteran Shaun Draughn.
The Bears have also signed veteran Shaun Draughn.
The Bears also had signed veteran Shaun Draughn.
There is a significant change in Iranian political rhetoric based mainly on the nuclear weapons issue mainly due to the sanctions.
There is a significant change in the Iranian rhetoric on nuclear weapons issue, but mainly, due to the sanctions.
There is a change in Iranian national political political rhetoric on nuclear weapons issue mainly due to Iran lifting the sanctions.
There is also a change being made in the Iranian political rhetoric on nuclear weapons issue mainly due to the sanctions.
There also is a change in the Iranian rhetoric based on the nuclear weapons issue mainly due mainly to the sanctions.
Radnor police station never received a report.
Radnor district police received only a report.
Radnor police received not only a report.
Radnor police never actually received a report.
Radnor police received not only a report.
UFC 173 : The Weidman vs Machida has since been cancelled.
UFC 173 Weidman vs Machida bout has since then been cancelled.
UFC 173 Weidmann vs Machida bout has since been cancelled.
UFC # 173 : Weidmann vs Machida has been cancelled.
UFC 173 : Weidman vs Machida has long since been cancelled.
Despite its somewhat over - sobering subject, Philomena is generally humble, warm and peppered with humor.
Despite its sobering subject, " the " Philomena is humble, warm and peppered only with humor.
Despite its somewhat sobering subject, Philomena Part II is very humble, warm and peppered with humor.
Despite its somewhat - sobering subject, Philomena itself is humble, warm and peppered only with humor.
Despite its sobering political political subject, Philomena is humble, warm and often peppered up with humor.
Bharat Ratnakar awardee CNR Raoji is the first - ever Indian candidate to be elected as an member of all the Chinese National Academys of Science.
Bharat Chandra Ratnakar awardee CNR Rao is the very first Indian candidate to be elected and as such such an member of the Imperial Chinese Academy of Science.
Bharat Ratnakar awardee, CNR Rao is the first ever Indian scientist candidate to be elected as an honorary - member member of the Chinese Academy of Science.
Bharat Ratna awardee CNR Rao is the first Indian presidential candidate ever to ever officially be elected as an honorary foreign member of the Imperial Chinese Academy of Science.
Bharat Chandra Ratna Award awardee CNR Rao is the first Indian scientist candidate to ever be elected as an member of the Chinese Academys'Council of Science.
The Orioles are also planning to permanently activate Manny Machado from the disabled entry - list starting on Tuesday.
The Orioles are planning to activate starter Manny Machado once and again from on the disabled list on Tuesday.
The Orioles are also planning to activate starting starter Manny Machado again from the disabled - list on Tuesday.
The Orioles are planning again to activate Manny Machado once again, returning from the disabled list on Tuesday.
The Baltimore Orioles are also planning to activate Manny and Machado again from the disabled - list on Tuesday.
A female former Chicago police lieutenant later entered a plea deal for the alleged sexual assault.
A young female former Chicago police lieutenant entered a lengthy plea deal for the sexual assault.
A former female Chicago police lieutenant entered a successful plea bargain deal for the sexual assault.
A female, former Chicago police lieutenant entered a plea deal, for the sexual assault.
A former female Chicago police lieutenant later entered a plea deal for the alleged sexual assault.
The European Union government will not immediately officially allow Russia to introduce visas only for Ukrainians.
The European Economic Community Union will also don't allow Russia to introduce visas for Ukrainians.
The European Economic Union will not allow Russia to introduce visas, but only for Ukrainians.
The Western European Union will also not allow Russia not to introduce visas only for Ukrainians.
The European Union federal government, will not even allow Russia to introduce visas for Ukrainians.
Scientists are revealing about how microbes living on pieces of plastic and other marine debris can affect even the ocean ecosystem.
Scientists here are revealing about how microbes living directly on pieces of plastic and marine debris can affect the ocean ecosystem.
Scientists here are also revealing how the microbes living on pieces of the plastic marine debris can affect the ocean ecosystem.
Scientists are revealing how microbes living only on small pieces made of plastic marine debris can affect even the ocean ecosystem.
Scientists here are revealing how the microbes living on pieces of plastic marine organic debris can affect even the ocean ecosystem.
Two women involved were also arrested in two separate separate fatal stabbings that happened in Syracuse.
Two other women were also arrested, in two separate separate stabbings that happened in Syracuse.
Two women were arrested in the two separate, fatal home stabbings that happened in Syracuse.
Two other young women were arrested in the two separate stabbings, that happened in Syracuse.
Two women also were arrested in two separate stabbings that had also previously happened in Syracuse.
A Australian missionary has been reportedly detained in the North Korea of Korea, a report said.
A Australian missionary has been detained in the North of Korea, as a UN report said.
A Australian missionary has been detained " in North Korea, " as a UN report said.
A Australian missionary has reportedly also been briefly detained in North Korea, a BBC report said.
A Australian missionary priest has also been detained in North - Korea, a UN report said.
Two peers are set to be indefinitely indefinitely suspended from the British House of of Lords.
Two peers each year are set to be indefinitely suspended from the House of of Lords.
Two peers each are also set to be indefinitely suspended indefinitely from the House of Lords.
Two peers each are also set up to be suspended indefinitely from the House of Lords.
Two hereditary hereditary peers are set to be suspended from entering the British House of Lords.
Two close friends of Dzhokhary and Tsarnaev pleaded not guilty, to charges of obstruction.
Two friends of former President Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleaded not guilty, to the charges of obstruction.
Two close friends, of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev also pleaded not guilty to the charges of obstruction.
Two friends, friends of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleaded not guilty to the charges, of obstruction.
Two friends friends of President Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleaded their not guilty plea to charges of obstruction.
Manchester Kansas City avoided yet another blip against being a newcomer.
Manchester City had avoided yet another blip against being a newcomer.
Manchester City avoided yet another blip against him being a newcomer.
Manchester City narrowly avoided another blip against him being a newcomer.
Manchester - City avoided another relegation - blip against a newcomer.
Lamont Peterson successfully retained himself the IBF junior welterweight title, by unanimously outpointing contender Dierry Jean.
Lamont Peterson retained the now - vacant IBF junior - welterweight title, unanimously outpointing Dierry Jean.
Lamont - Peterson successfully retained himself the IBF junior welterweight title, unanimously and outpointing Dierry Jean.
Lamont Peterson then successfully retained the IBF junior - welterweight title, by unanimously outpointing Dierry Jean.
Lamont Peterson retained the vacant IBF junior welterweight title, after winning unanimously and outpointing Dierry Jean.
Eskom has declared for it a power emergency.
Eskom has declared it a nuclear power emergency.
Eskom has declared it a nuclear power emergency.
Eskom has since declared it a power emergency.
Eskom Energy Corporation has declared a power emergency.
Firefighters also tackled a car bomb fire on board of the A1065, near RAF Lakenheath.
Firefighters also tackled a large small car fire on to the A1065, near RAF Lakenheath.
Firefighters tackled a car bomb and fire on the A1065, located near to RAF Lakenheath.
Firefighters tackled - down a motor car fire on the A1065, near to RAF Lakenheath.
Firefighters tackled a large small car fire on to the A1065, located near RAF Lakenheath.
The Bottle - O has renewed its deal with owner, Roddy Nash Racing.
The Texas Bottle - O has renewed its deal with Roddy Piper Nash Racing.
The Dodge Bottled - O has renewed its deal with Roddy Nash Racing.
The Bottle - Owl has renewed its sponsorship deal with owner Rod Nash Racing.
The Bottle - Ball O has renewed on its deal agreement with Rod Nash Racing.
Ramesh Charanjit Singh Teja has a fetish for watches.
Ramesh Charan Teja has a fetish list specifically for watches.
Ram Charan Teja Singh also has developed a fetish for watches.
Ramesh and Charan Teja also has a fetish for watches.
Ram Charan Teja has created a fetish shopping list for watches.
The Bulgarian national parliament is required not to hold an extraordinary sitting.
The Bulgarian national parliament election is to hold in an extraordinary sitting.
The Bulgarian parliament is also required not to hold an extraordinary sitting.
The new Bulgarian parliament is scheduled to hold an annual extraordinary sitting.
The Bulgarian parliament is to also hold elections at an extraordinary sitting.
ADMET today announced a brand new product line of advanced mechanical testing systems.
ADMET today announced a brand new new product line of mechanical testing systems.
ADMET today announced a new product line up of mechanical systems testing systems.
ADMET today announced a brand - new line up of mechanical testing systems.
ADMET has today announced launching of a new line of mechanical testing systems.
We will also go see vintage Michael Vick.
We will also see vintage by Michael Vick.
We will see vintage films by Michael Vick.
We also will see vintage by Michael Vick.
We will probably also see vintage Michael Vick.
Immediate actiones must also be taken immediately in fighting serious crimes.
Immediate action, that action must be taken in fighting serious crimes.
Immediate legal action must be taken immediately, in fighting serious crimes.
Immediate action must be immediately taken in fighting these most serious crimes.
Immediate action must be taken especially in protecting those fighting serious crimes.
The first Genting bus - crash accident report was made public.
The Genting bus - crash investigation report itself was made public.
The Genting bus crash accident investigation report itself was made public.
The Genting bus - driver crash report itself was made public.
The Gentingen bus - crash report itself was made public.
SCHOOLS members are to get a share of over an estimated £ 5million.
SCHOOLS are to get from them a share of over an £ 5million.
SCHOOLS members, are to each get a share of an £ 5million.
SCHOOLS are to get them a share capital of an estimated £ 5million.
SCHOOLS are required annually to get a share of over an £ 5million.
A Vinitan maniac who was arrested shortly after explosive devices were found in his home.
A Vinita man was arrested, reportedly after explosive devices were allegedly found planted in his home.
A Vinita man was arrested after explosive devices were allegedly accidentally found in near to his home.
A Vinita man was later also arrested after explosive devices found were also found in his home.
A Vinita maniac was also arrested after explosive explosive devices were found in near his home.
Latin America is the world's second second - most violent region.
Latin - America is the world's most violent politically violent region.
Latin America itself is the developing - world's most violent region.
Latin America itself is the world's second second most violent region.
Latin - America itself is the world's most politically violent region.
Mothercare UK has also appointed Nick Whartone as a director.
Mothercare UK Ltd has appointed Nicki Wharton as a director.
Mothercare has also appointed Dr Nicki Wharton as a director.
Mothercare has also appointed Nicki Whartone as a director.
Mothercare UK has appointed Nick Whartone OBE as a director.
A KLM Cityhopper aircraft was returned to Schiphol.
A KLM Cityhopper returned home safely to Schiphol.
A KLM Cityhopper returned home safely to Schiphol.
A second KLM - Cityhopper returned to Schiphol.
A second KLM - Cityhopper returned to Schiphol.
ONE OF THE largest LARGEST fishing vessels in the world was detained by almost almost all of the Irish Naval Service.
ONE OFF THE LARGEST fishing vessels in the world was detained by almost all of the Royal Irish Naval Service.
ONE OF THE LARGEST fishing patrolled vessels in the world was detained by the Royal Navy Northern Irish Naval Service.
ONE OF THE largest LARGEST of fishing vessels in almost all the Atlantic world was detained by the Irish Naval Service.
ONE OFF THE LARGEST, fishing - vessels in the world, was detained there by the Irish Naval Service.
Fandango game players interrupt The Miz.
Fandango interrupts with The Miz.
Fandango interrupts with The Miz.
Fandango players interrupt with The Miz.
Fandango then interrupts The Miz.
Sepang, and his teammate Lewis Hamilton won the Malaysian Grand Prix.
Sepang, and Lewis Hamilton won at the 2011 Malaysian Grand Prix.
Sepang, and Lewis Hamilton won at the 2011 Malaysian Grand Prix.
Sepang, and Lewis Hamilton won at the 2011 Malaysian Grand Prix.
Sepang, and teammate, Lewis Hamilton won the Malaysian Grand Prix.
Hughie Jackman revealed a childhood cancer scare he had with skin cancer.
Hughie Jackman revealed a cancer scare he had had with skin cancer.
Hugh Jackman revealed a scare he had had with treating his skin cancer.
Hughie - Jackman revealed a scare that he had with skin cancer.
Hugh Jackman later revealed a cancer scare he had had with skin cancer.
UPCII and MWRI researchers will present the results instead of comparing the immune gene profile and are instead exploring endometriosis and cancer.
UPCI and MWRI researchers will present the results of the first new human immune gene expression profile exploring human cell endometriosis and cancer.
UPCI and MWRI researchers will have to also present all of the results of the immune gene profile exploring human endometriosis and cancer.
UPCI and MWRI researchers will also present the results of the first new adaptive immune response gene expression profile exploring endometriosis and cancer.
UPCI and the MWRI researchers will present the best possible results of the immune system gene - expression profile exploring endometriosis and cancer.
A Frederick County Republican woman pleaded guilty not guilty to voter fraud.
A Fredericksburg County woman pleaded guilty but not to voter fraud.
A Frederick County woman pleaded guilty not to the attempted voter fraud.
A former Frederick County Republican woman pleaded guilty not to voter fraud.
A former Frederick County Council woman pleaded guilty to attempted voter fraud.
Duda hitting the cleanup on Thursday afternoon.
Duda hitting the county cleanup Thursday afternoon.
Duda hitting on the cleanup Thursday afternoon.
Duda hitting the cleanup on Thursday afternoon.
Duda hitting the county cleanup Thursday afternoon.
Goodison Park will be opened annually on the 25th anniversary anniversary anniversary of the 1906 Hillsborough Disaster and to screen for the memorial service.
Goodison Park Stadium will also also be opened on in the upcoming 25th anniversary year of the Hillsborough Disaster to screen the memorial service.
Goodison Park will be opened annually on both the 25th - anniversary of the Hillsborough East River Disaster and to screen the memorial service.
Goodison Park Stadium will be also officially officially opened on the 25th anniversary of the 2011 Hillsborough Disaster and to screen the memorial service.
Goodison Memorial Park will be opened on the 25th anniversary of both the Hillsborough River Disaster, and to screen for the memorial service.
Afghanistan NATO says a bomb attack has killed one of all three of its service members.
Afghanistan War : NATO says a bomb has already killed every one of its service members.
Afghanistan - NATO says that a bomb has also killed one of its Afghan service members.
Afghanistan, NATO says a bomb attack, has also killed one of its service members.
Afghanistan NATO says a bomb blast attack has killed one of all of its service members.
Cairn India will reportedly reportedly also invest in more than US $ 3 billion over the three years to explore and eventually produce oil.
Cairn of Oil India will also invest more than $ 3 - billion over the three coming years to explore and eventually produce oil.
Cairn India Limited will reportedly also invest more than than $ US 3 billion over over the three years to explore and produce oil.
Cairn India Limited will invest in more than $ 3 - 4 billion USD over over the three years to explore and produce oil.
Cairn India will likely also eventually invest more more than $ 3 billion over the three following years to further explore and produce oil.
A Iowa man convicted of nearly killing his very own mother, wants a retrial.
A Iowa man who is convicted of nearly killing by his mother wants a retrial.
A Iowa City man is convicted of killing and his mother desperately wants a retrial.
A young young black Iowa man convicted of killing by his mother wants a retrial.
A Iowa man convicted of killing both of his own mother and wants a retrial.
A law enforcement - firm employee also was jailed for housebreaking.
A former law firm staff employee also was jailed for housebreaking.
A former law firm employee was also jailed twice for housebreaking.
A former law firm employee was also jailed, for housebreaking.
A law firm employee was later also jailed twice for housebreaking.
An otherwise enlarged eyelid bump, can be a nuisance.
An eyelid bump can also be considered as a nuisance.
An eyelid or bump can also sometimes be a nuisance.
An eyelid - eye bumping can be a nuisance.
An eyelid tear, or bump can be a nuisance.
Candidate Baichung Bhutia, is seen campaigning close in from his Darjeeling constituency.
Candidate Baichung Bhutia, is seen campaigning close in from his Darjeeling constituency.
Candidate, Dr Baichung Bhutia is often seen campaigning in his Darjeeling constituency.
Candidate, Baichungjit Singh Bhutia is seen campaigning in his Darjeeling constituency.
Candidate Baichung Bhutia, is seen campaigning heavily in his own Darjeeling constituency.
Springsteen has dedicated half his song to the American teen Trayvon Martin.
Springsteen dedicated it in his song Love to the teen Trayvon Martin.
Springsteen dedicated his own final song to the troubled teen Trayvon Martin.
Springsteen dedicated only his final song to being the teen Trayvon Martin.
Springsteen dedicated his final song to the troubled teen singer Trayvon Martin.
Militants may have killed only about twenty 11 Algerian soldiers in an ambush, a security source told.
Militants have killed 11 Algerian soldiers killed in an ambush, a French military security service source told.
Militants have killed 11 seriously wounded North Algerian soldiers in an ambush, as a security source told.
Militants have killed 11 Algerian soldiers " in such an ambush, " a security force source told.
Militants may have killed about 11 Algerian army soldiers in planning an ambush, a security source told.
The former lunchroom staff and aide was arrested.
The former school lunchroom staff aide was arrested.
The former school lunchroom aides was arrested.
The former school lunchroom guidance aide was arrested.
The other, former lunchroom aide was arrested.
GrainCorp has gone live on the company Eka's proprietary commodity management platform.
GrainCorp has also gone live live online on Eka's commodity management platform.
GrainCorp has gone live on the company Eka's commodity wealth management platform.
GrainCorp has now gone live on the company Eka's commodity management platform.
GrainCorp data has gone live live online on Eka's commodity management platform.
Brian Schatz joined Joe Biden in a joint visitation with several Hawaiin military families.
Briana Schatz joined the Joe Joe Bidens in a visit with Hawaii military families.
Brian Schatz joined Joes and Bidens in a visitation with Hawaii military families.
Brian Schatz also joined Joe Bidens, in a visit with Hawaii and military families.
Brian Schatz also joined President Joe Biden II in planning a visit with Hawaii military families.
Union Bank First New Market Bankshares Management Corporation announced it and has changed its name again to Union Bankshares Corporation.
Union First Market Bankshares Holdings Holdings Corporation announced it, and has since changed its name to Union Bankshares Corporation.
Union First Marketplace Bankshares Corporation has announced it has changed its corporate name to the Union First Bankshares Corporation.
Union First Market Bankshares Corporation announced recently that it has changed back its name again to the Union Bankshares Corporation.
Union First Market Bankshares Holdings Corporation has announced it has changed its corporate name to become the Union Bankshares Corporation.
The local school board also postponed interviews.
The school district school board postponed interviews.
The local local school board postponed interviews.
The local school district board postponed interviews.
The local school district board postponed interviews.
Michael Michael - Douglas has felt himself underestimated as an actor.
Michael Michael Douglas has also often felt underestimated as an actor.
Michael Douglas has also often felt underestimated as being an actor.
Michael Douglass has often felt himself underestimated as an actor.
Michael Michael Douglas has often felt himself underestimated as an actor.
Drake and singer Rihanna also partied together, in West Los Angeles.
Drake and Rihanna partied, together, again in West Los Angeles.
Drake and singer Rihanna partied together, performing in West Los Angeles.
Drake and Rihanna also partied extensively together, performing in Los Angeles.
Drake, and Rihanna have also partied together, in Los Angeles.
Bombings also occurred in central Iraq, which killed 13 people.
Bombings, particularly in central northern Iraq, killed 13 people.
Bombings in central Iraq, Iraq killed just over 13 people.
Bombings in central Iraq, killed not just over 13 people.
Bombings in central and northern Iraq, which killed 13 people.
Flavor - Flavor pleaded guilty only to misdemeanor violence charges.
Flavor - Flavor pleaded guilty to the misdemeanor violence charges.
Flavor - The Flav pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor violence charges.
Flavor Flav pleaded guilty to the first two misdemeanor violence charges.
Flavor Flav pleaded not - guilty, to misdemeanor violence charges.
A Somersetshire man who has been going missing since Monday.
A Somerset man who has been missing ever since since Monday.
A Somersetshire young man who has been missing since Monday.
A Somersetshire maniac has also been missing since Monday.
A Somersetshire man has also been missing, since Monday.
Valeanta Pharmaceuticals Group International Inc., has plans to push ahead with small acquisitions.
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. has plans to push ahead again with some small acquisitions.
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. plans to push it further and ahead with small acquisitions.
Valeant Pharmaceuticals Research Group International Inc. has plans to also push ahead with small acquisitions.
Valeant Pharmaceuticals Group International, Inc. has plans to also push ahead with small acquisitions.
The supply of these specialty embedded silicon DRAM chipsets has fallen short of demand.
The then current supply of these specialty DRAM chips has fallen far short of demand.
The supply of specialty DRAM chip chips has also fallen short, because of demand.
The supply of these specialty embedded silicon DRAM chip chips has fallen short of demand.
The then current global supply of specialty DRAM chipsets has fallen short of demand.
The portion of arable and agricultural land left in the country has shrunk.
The portion of arable land in which it lies the country has shrunk.
The only remaining portion of arable land in the entire country has shrunk.
The remaining small portion of arable agricultural land in the country has shrunk.
The only remaining portion of arable land in all the country has shrunk.
Facebook Live is currently celebrating its 10th birthday.
Facebook is currently celebrating on its 10th birthday.
Facebook Live is currently celebrating its 10th birthday.
Facebook Facebook Live is celebrating its 10th birthday.
Facebook Live is celebrating on its 10th birthday.
Singer, Eydie de Gorme has died at the approximate age of 84.
Singer Eydie Gorme has since died at or about the age of 84.
Singer Eydie Gorme has died, at about the age group of 84.
Singer, Eydie Gorme, has died there at the age of 84.
Singer, Eydie Gorme has died at the age of age of 84.
A Wareham black man has since also been indicted and arraigned on kidnapping, sexual assault, and assault weapons charges.
A Wareham black - man has since been formally indicted and arraigned on kidnapping, sexual assault, and weapons charges.
A Wareham black man has since been formally indicted, and arraigned, on kidnapping, assault, and weapons charges.
A Wareham man has been formally indicted and is being arraigned on the kidnapping, assault, assault and weapons charges.
A third Wareham man has also since been indicted and arraigned on kidnapping, sexual assault, and assault weapons charges.
The Syrian United States government has proof sarin gas that was used in a 2011 Damascus attack.
The Western United States has no proof sarin gas was used extensively in planning a Damascus attack.
The Western United States has no proof sarin nerve gas was not used in a Damascus attack.
The Western United States has proof sarin gas was also used in planning a 2011 Damascus attack.
The United States Arab States has no proof sarin gas was used in a 2011 Damascus attack.
Idcloak publishes : How to Change an IP Phone Address in Windows 7.
Idcloak publishes How to Make Change IP Phone Address in Microsoft Windows 7.
Idcloak also publishes How to Make and Change IP Address in Windows 7.
Idcloak also publishes How Not to Change Your IP Address in Windows 7.
Idcloak publishes : How to Change IP Addressing in Microsoft Windows 7.
Paul De Wolfe, chief for Braden Keselowski, talked about attending the meeting.
Paul Wolfe, chief for Brad Keselowski, talked about him not attending the meeting.
Paul De Wolfe, the chief engineer for Brad Keselowski, talked about the meeting.
Paul Wolfe, chief for Brad Keselowski, talked very briefly again about the meeting.
Paul Wolfe, previously the police chief for Brad Keselowski, talked about the meeting.
Vodafone data is, affecting many services, including the WhatsApp and iMessage.
Vodafone The data that is, affecting other services including WhatsApp and iMessage.
Vodafone The main data is, not affecting services including WhatsApp and iMessage.
Vodafone data is, negatively affecting services including the services WhatsApp and iMessage.
Vodafone data is, also affecting other services including the WhatsApp and iMessage.
Francesco Tottini is also making encouraging progress.
Francesco Totti is also making an encouraging progress.
Francesco Totti is also currently making encouraging progress.
Francesco Maria Tottini is making encouraging progress.
Francesco Totti is making an effort encouraging progress.
Ford will cut about 300 jobs at its new North Victorian manufacturing plants beginning in June.
Ford will cut 300 jobs at nearly one half all its Victorian plants beginning in June.
Ford will also cut 300 more jobs off at its Victorian plants, beginning in June.
Ford Canada will also cut 300 jobs at its Victorian plants, beginning production in June.
Ford will cut 300 jobs at all its three new Victorian plants beginning production in June.
More utility - pole and construction work will impact traffic Thursday.
More utility - pole work will impact the road traffic Thursday.
More recent utility pole pole work will negatively impact traffic Thursday.
More recent utility double - pole work will impact traffic Thursday.
More recent utility - pole work will impact the traffic Thursday.
The Merrimac ferry has closed - down for half the season.
The last Merrimac ferry has been permanently closed for the season.
The Merrimac ferry terminal has closed down temporarily for the season.
The Merrimac Indian River ferry terminal has closed for the season.
The nearby Merrimac River ferry has closed for half the season.
State legislators and business leaders stood asking to hear talk about immigration reform.
State business leaders also stood by asking to talk about the immigration reform.
State and business union leaders stood asking to talk publicly about immigration reform.
State business union leaders stood asking him to talk more about immigration reform.
State and business leaders stood by asking to hear talk about immigration reform.
Sarah - Jane Hardinge would love to work in films.
Sarah Harding would also love her opportunity to work in films.
Sarah Harding would love for her to work with in films.
Sarah Hardinge would love to work together again in films.
Sarah - Jane Harding would love to also work in films.
The University of New Brunswick will also not lock drop - out professors.
The University of New - Brunswick will not voluntarily voluntarily lock out professors.
The Catholic University of New - New Brunswick will not lock out professors.
The University System of New Brunswick will also don't lock out professors.
The University of Western New Brunswick, will not lock - out professors.
Dr gave her cialis where to buy her for it in australia.
Drax also gave her cialis where possible to buy in australia.
Drax gave her cialis where was possible to buy in australia.
Dr gave to her a cialis where to go buy in australia.
Drax gave her cialis, where to best buy in australia.
NEWCASTLE football star, Yohan Cabaye, has opened the back door to a summer to move to Arsenal or Liverpool.
NEWCASTLE youth star, Yohan Cabaye has opened the club door to making a summer move to either Arsenal or Liverpool.
NEWCASTLE football star, Yohan Cabaye has opened the back door to a summer move either to Arsenal, or Liverpool.
NEWCASTLE football star Yohannes Cabaye has also opened the door to a potential upcoming summer move to Arsenal or Liverpool.
NEWCASTLE star striker Yohannes Cabaye has opened the club door to making a summer move either to Arsenal or Liverpool.
Australia and East - Timor will also face - off in The Hague.
Australia and the East - Timor will also face off in The Hague.
Australia, and East Timor will face off again in the The Hague.
Australia and East Timor then will face off once again in The Hague.
Australia and East Timor, will face off again in the The Hague.
Dennis Rodman apologized again for his not being financially well able to help an missionary.
Dennis Rodman apologized for his not being able to get help working as an missionary.
Dennis Rodman later apologized for his not even being able financially to help an missionary.
Dennis Rodman apologized again for not not actually being able to financially help an missionary.
Dennison and Rodman later apologized for not being able to help as an missionary.
A heat advisory warning was also issued specifically for Manitoba.
A special heat wave advisory was also issued for Manitoba.
A heat advisory warning system was issued specifically for Manitoba.
A second special heat wave advisory was issued for Manitoba.
A special heat advisory was also issued specifically for Manitoba.
Lorde performs for crowd - sourced support at Soho House ahead of Grammys.
Lorde performs for crowd at atrium the Soho House ahead of Grammys.
Lorde also performs for the crowd at Soho Opera House ahead of Grammys.
Lorde performs for crowd at Soho House, ahead out four of Grammys.
Lorde also performs for crowd support at Soho House ahead of of Grammys.
Third Watch Rock From The Rising Sun actress Kristen Johnston opened up she is suffering from a rare rare - form cancer form of lupus.
Third Rock From The Sun actress, Kristen Jane - Johnston opened up she herself is suffering from having contracted a rare form of lupus.
Third Rock From The Rising Sun actress Kristen Johnston opened it up that said she is also suffering from having a rare form of lupus.
Third season Rocking From The Sun actress Kristen Bell Johnston has recently opened up she is also suffering from a rare form of lupus.
Third Rock From The Rising Sun actress, Kristen Bell Johnston opened up that she is suffering from a very rare form, of lupus.
Honkkk is thankful creative.
Honkk is a thankful creative.
Honkkk is thankful creative.
Honk! is a thankful creative.
Honk! is a thankful creative.
No one else should interview Uncle Anthony again.
No - one should interview Father Anthony again.
No no - one should interview Anthony again.
No - one else should interview Anthony again.
No one should ever interview Uncle Anthony again.
Davide Moyes confirms that Danny Lee Welbeck is fit to face at Hull City.
David Moyes confirms Danny and that Welbeck is fit enough to not face Hull City.
David Moyes confirms Danny Welbeck is fit enough to not only face but Hull City.
Davide Moyes also confirms Danny Welbeck is fit - to face at Hull City.
Davide Moyes confirms Danny Welbecke, and is fit to face Hull City.
Michelle Michelle Obama is also hosting her a women in soul music concert.
Michelle Obama also is hosting a women in soul and gospel music concert.
Michelle Obama is also hosting her in a women in soul music concert.
Michelle Obama also is hosting a women in the world soul music concert.
Michelle Obama is hosting a women in soul dance - pop music concert.
China Business First has also rolled out tax cuts, and promises for small businesses.
China has also rolled - out tax cuts and also promises support for small businesses.
China has rolled out tax back - cuts and investment promises for its small businesses.
China First has rolled out many tax cuts and other promises especially for small businesses.
China Business First has rolled out tax - cuts and promises for more small businesses.
Kazakhstan is considering adopting a new personal injury and bankruptcy law.
Kazakhstan is considering even adopting such a new personal bankruptcy law.
Kazakhstan is considering and also considering adopting a personal bankruptcy law.
Kazakhstan is also also considering considering adopting a personal bankruptcy law.
Kazakhstan is considering and also adopting a personal and bankruptcy law.
THE local traffic - lights are abysmal.
THE local traffic - lights are abysmal.
THEY traffic lights here are abysmal.
THEY night traffic lights are abysmal.
THE traffic lights here, are abysmal.
Microsoft released a short list of 32 indie developers, some who themselves are also now creating games for Microsoft the Xbox One.
Microsoft has released online a list consisting of 32 different indie developers who are now creating games exclusively for the Microsoft Xbox One.
Microsoft released a list of 32 different indie developers who today are now creating games for use on the Microsoft Windows Xbox One.
Microsoft released a list list of 32 indie game developers, those who are now creating indie games for the Microsoft Xbox One.
Microsoft has released out a list of 32 indie developers, who are now actively creating video games for Microsoft the Xbox One.
Measure of German business success and confidence rebounded.
Measurements of the German business confidence rebounded.
Measurements of German foreign business confidence rebounded.
Measurements of the German business confidence rebounded.
Measurements of German foreign business confidence rebounded.
Fitzgerald has restructured his rookie contract while playing with the Arizona Cardinals.
Fitzgerald has restructured up his rookie contract while with the Arizona Cardinals.
Fitzgerald has restructured up his contract while with both the Arizona Cardinals.
Fitzgerald has restructured up his contract options while with the Arizona Cardinals.
Fitzgerald has restructured his own rookie contract while with the Arizona Cardinals.
IPSA swung out to a half - - year profit.
IPSA swung to make a low half - year profit.
IPSA swung to only make about a half year profit.
IPSA swung to make a low half - year profit.
IPSA swung to a very very low half year profit.
Craig has been officially ruled out playing again for the NLDS.
Craig has been officially ruled not out for playing the NLDS.
Craig Anderson has been officially ruled out playing for the NLDS.
Craig has since been ruled out playing again for the NLDS.
Craig Anderson has been officially ruled out for playing the NLDS.
Jennifer Aniston herself is shown back dressed in a bikini.
Jennifer Ann Jennifer Jennifer Aniston is back in a bikini.
Jennifer Jennifer Aniston herself is back dressed in a bikini.
Jennifer Ann Aniston, is back in just a bikini.
Jennifer Aniston herself is shown back there in a bikini.
The upcoming new construction season is bringing grinding to a halt.
The construction season is grinding to finally finally reach a halt.
The construction season is not bringing grinding to such a halt.
The construction of season is for grinding to reach a halt.
The construction season is grinding to finally finally reach a halt.
Rwandans have marked the 20th year anniversary celebrations ahead of the 1994 genocide.
Rwandans have also marked the official 20th anniversary of the devastating 1994 genocide.
Rwandans have also marked the official 20th anniversary of surviving the 1994 genocide.
Rwandans may have also marked the 20th year anniversary of the 1994 genocide.
Rwandans may have marked the 20th anniversary of surviving the devastating 1994 genocide.
A new advanced technology lab was set - up jointly by College Board of Engineering Pune.
A advanced bio - technology lab was set up nearby by College of Mechanical Engineering Pune.
A advanced technology lab was also also set - up up by College of Engineering Pune.
A new advanced - technology lab was set up by College Board of Mechanical Engineering Pune.
A advanced technology lab, was set up just nearby by College Board of Engineering Pune.
More than 1 46 000 taxis have registered for the eco - tolling.
More than $ 46 000 taxis have registered themselves online for e - tolling.
More than 1 46 000 private taxis have registered for eco - tolling.
More than 46 000 private taxis have been registered for eco - tolling.
More than 46 000 taxis worldwide have been registered online for e - tolling.
A diver puts a young baby shark into into a trance.
A diver puts - down a shark into entering a trance.
A diver can then puts a shark diver into a trance.
A young female diver puts a baby shark into a trance.
A diver then puts down a shark and into a trance.
Jamie Lynn Spears showed off with her own wedding ring at both the 2009 Academys of Country Music awards.
Jamie Duff - Lynne Spears showed off her wedding ring at the 2011 Academy of American Country Music awards.
Jamie Lynn Spears showed one - off her wedding - ring ring at the Academys of Country Music awards.
Jamie Duff - Lynn Spears showed off her wedding - ring ring at the Academy of American Country Music awards.
Jamie Lynn Spears showed off with her wedding and engagement ring ring at the Academys of Country Music awards.
KeyBanc upgraded the DTE for Energy to Buy.
KeyBanc upgraded DTE for Best Energy to Buy.
KeyBanc has upgraded DTE for Energy to Buy.
KeyBanc has upgraded DTE for Energy to Buy.
KeyBanc upgraded DTE Energy and Right to Buy.
Actresse Demi Moore embraced by not attending such a yoga festival.
Actress Demi Moore also has embraced yoga by attending a yoga festival.
Actress Demi Moore was also embraced, by attending a yoga festival.
Actresse Demi Moore was embraced by attending at a yoga festival.
Actress Demidi Moore also embraced yoga by attending a yoga festival.
Kobe Bryant won't be back set - up on the home court for the Lakers this season.
Kobe Bryant won't be coming back on to the court for beating the Lakers earlier this season.
Kobe - Bryant still won't even be back on the court for the Lakers game this season.
Kobe Bryant Bryant Bryant won't be back on the court for the LA Lakers game this season.
Kobe Bryant still won't be back on to the court for playing the Lakers game this season.
The charity Sloane Street NHS Trust has launched its website.
The Sloane Street High - Street has launched its website.
The Sloane High - Street has also launched its website.
The independent British charity Sloane Street has launched its website.
The charity Sloane Street has also recently launched its website.
Coca - Cola Amatil has also played down the negative economic impact of rating downgrades.
Coca - Cola Amatil has played down on paper the negative impact of rating downgrades.
Coca - Cola Amatil has played - down the impact of all the rating downgrades.
Coca - Cola Amatil has played upside - down the negative impact of rating downgrades.
Coca - Cola and Amatil Research has played down the impact factor of rating downgrades.
Adam Scott won at at The Barclays.
Adam Scott also won at The Barclays.
Adam Scott also recently won The Barclays.
Adam Scott has also won The Barclays.
Adam Scott also won at The Barclays.
Abhishek Bachchan has also been named as a new global campaign and ambassador for END7.
Abhishek Bachchan, has also also recently been named as a campaign ambassador for END7.
Abhishek - Bachchan has been named recently as being a global campaign ambassador for END7.
Abhishek Roy - Bachchan, also has been named as a campaign ambassador for END7.
Abhishek, Bachchan, has also been named as a campaign and ambassador for END7.
The 2017 Cleveland Indians have traded him for Jason Kubel.
The Indians have traded for former outfielder, Jason Kubel.
The Indians have long since also traded for Jason Kubel.
The Indians have since also traded him for Jason Kubel.
The Indians then would have traded him for Jason Kubel.
ECOtality then filed again for bankruptcy.
ECOtality Corporation then filed for bankruptcy.
ECOtality then officially filed for bankruptcy.
ECOtality Corporation then filed for bankruptcy.
ECOtality filed once again for bankruptcy.
Simon also says Cowell himself is secretly planning to propose.
Simon Cowell himself is secretly busy planning how to propose.
Simon says that Cowell is secretly also planning to propose.
Simon Cowell who is secretly planning on what to propose.
Simon Cowell, is now also secretly planning to propose.
CHICAGO : A woman from Sam Houston drowned after accidentally accidentally falling into the icy Chicago River.
CHICAGO A woman originally sent from Houston drowned after falling into " the icy North Chicago River.
CHICAGO : A woman from Houston drowned shortly after falling down into the icy North Chicago River.
CHICAGO A woman returning from Houston drowned after accidentally falling into the now - icy Chicago River.
CHICAGO : A woman originally from Houston drowned after falling into the icy cold North Chicago River.
Calvo finished fourth.
Calvo finished fourth.
Calvo finished fourth.
Calvo finished fourth.
Calvo finished fourth.
Stacy Lewis had to help lead the LPGA Tour winning team to its first ever Wendy's 3 - - time Tour Challenge win.
Stacy - Lewis had helped to lead the LPGA Tour team to record its first Wendy's 3 Pro - Tour Champions Challenge win.
Stacy - Rae Lewis also has also had to lead the LPGA Tour team to its first Wendy's 3 - Tour Challenge win.
Stacy Lewis had to lead the combined combined LPGA and European Tour team up to its first Wendy's 3 - Tour Challenge win.
Stacy Lewis had enough to lead the entire LPGA Tour team line up to earn its first Wendy's 3 - Tour Challenge win.
Purveyors Chick - fil - A and the KFCC have taken on two different approaches with their two and most recent offerings.
Purveyors like Chick - fil - A and KFC have taken on two different business approaches, with their most recent recent offerings.
Purveyors like the Chick - fil - Ac and KFC have also taken two very different approaches with their most recent offerings.
Purveyors Chick - fil - A and KFCC have also taken two very slightly different approaches with funding their most recent offerings.
Purveyors Chick - A fil - A and KFC Group have taken on two different business approaches with their most recent recent offerings.
Tinsley Ellis and Ike Stubblefield later joined Gov't Be a Mule at the The Tabernacle in Atlanta.
Tinsley Ellis and Ikee Stubblefield later joined Gov't Be Mule at The Tabernacle Choir in Atlanta.
Tinsley Ellis and Ike Stubblefield joined the Gov't Be Mule at The Tabernacle Choir, in Atlanta.
Tinsley Ellis and drummer Ike Stubblefield later joined Gov't Mule at the The Mormon Tabernacle in Atlanta.
Tinsley Ellis and Ike Stubblefield joined the Gov't Be Mule at the The Tabernacle Choir in Atlanta.
Marcy Van Dann is rebranding as his Cleveland law firm.
Marc Dann is currently considering officially rebranding his Cleveland law firm.
Marc Dannman currently is rebranding his new Cleveland law firm.
Marc Dannman is rebranding his Cleveland Heights Heights law firm.
Marc Dannman currently is rebranding as his Cleveland law firm.
Optimism research is also continuing, to run high levels throughout the UK's financial services sector.
Optimism is continuing however, to run high levels throughout in the UK's financial services sector.
Optimism is continuing to run high levels, throughout the almost entire UK's financial services sector.
Optimism rate is continuing to be run high throughout the entire UK's financial and services sector.
Optimism is continuing to be run high up throughout in the UK's emerging financial services sector.
Nigeria currently has over a 1, 400 international illegal border routes.
Nigeria has established over 1, 400 international illegal land border routes.
Nigeria currently has over a record 1, 400 illegal border routes.
Nigeria has also recently established over 1, 400 illegal border routes.
Nigeria has established over another 1, 400 international illegal border routes.
Toronto Toronto Blue Jays'right - hander Joshi Johnson underwent arthroscopic surgery.
Toronto Blue Jays right - hander, Joshi Johnson, underwent arthroscopic surgery.
Toronto Toronto Blue Jays right - hander Josh Johnson underwent extensive knee arthroscopic surgery.
Toronto Blue - Jays'right - hander, Josh Johnson underwent arthroscopic surgery.
Toronto Blue - Jays right - hander Josh Johnson also underwent an arthroscopic surgery.
The European Union has not yet resumed full cooperation with in the nation of Guinea a military coup has triggered such a suspension.
The former European Union country has not resumed full cooperation with the relatively small neighbouring nation of Guinea a coup triggered a suspension.
The European Union has not resumed its almost full cooperation with in the nation state of Guinea a coup triggered by a suspension.
The European Union has resumed almost its full cooperation with only the nation of Guinea, but after a coup triggered a suspension.
The European Union has resumed full cooperation with in the recently neighbouring nation Republic of Guinea a military coup triggered by a suspension.
Physician anti - texting while not doctoring could be hazardous.
Physician, texting while doctoring patients, could be hazardous.
Physician texting patients while not doctoring patients could be hazardous.
Physician texting while not doctoring could potentially also be hazardous.
Physician - texting while doctoring could also also be hazardous.
The voter - registration application deadline is on Friday, May 23, 2014.
The voter registration application deadline date is Friday, May, 23, 2014.
The voter - registration deadline date is Friday, Wednesday May 23, 2014.
The official voter registration deadline date is Friday, Wednesday May 23, 2014.
The voter registration deadline date is on Friday, May, 23, 2014.
A state state trooper also was shot.
A Texas state trooper also was shot.
A Texas state trooper also was shot.
A state trooper also, was shot.
A state highway trooper also was shot.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt also praises him both Paddy Jackson and Chris Henry.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt praises Paddyy Jackson, and forwards Chris Henry.
Ireland coach Joerg von Schmidt praises Paddy Jackson and forwards Chris Henry.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt praises Paddy Jackson and Irish forwards Chris Henry.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt also praises Paddy, Jackson, and Chris Henry.
Santa Cruz surfer Natty Young advanced from the qualifying Round of 64 aimed at winning the Reefer Hawaiian Pro.
Santa Cruz surfer Nat Young advanced from just just outside the Round of the 64 at the Coral Reef Hawaiian Pro.
Santa - Cruz Beach surfer Nat Young advanced from the qualifying Round of 64 pool at the Coral Reef Hawaiian Pro.
Santa Cruz based female surfer, Natty Young advanced from the Round of the 64 at the Reef Hawaiian Pro.
Santa Cruz surfer, Nat Young also advanced from the Round of 2 of 64, at the Reef Hawaiian Pro.
Fred Sanger, a double Nobel Prize winning West German biochemist, has died at about the age of age of 95.
Fred Sanger, a double Nobel Peace Prize winning American biochemist, has died there at the approximate retirement age of 95.
Fredrik Sanger, a renowned Swedish double Nobel - Prize - winning biochemist, has died at the age of 95.
Fredrik Sanger, a double Nobel - Peace Prize winning biochemist, who himself has died at the age of 95.
Fredrik Sanger, a Swedish double Nobel Prize winning biochemist, retired who has now died at the age of 95.
A badly - decomposed human body was found during a 2002 dry creek cleanup in East Ridge.
A badly decomposed body was also later found during during a creek cleanup operation in East Ridge.
A second badly - decomposed humanoid body was found during a creek cleanup in East Ridge.
A badly decomposed body was found dead during a 2002 dry creek cleanup in the East Ridge.
A second badly decomposed humanoid body was found nearby during a creek cleanup in East Ridge.
The new University of Illinois will honor, the critic, Roger Ebert.
The University of Illinois will also honor the late film critic Roger Ebert.
The new University of Illinois athletic building will honor the critic Roger Ebert.
The new University of Illinois will honor the film critic, Roger Ebert.
The new name University of Illinois will honor the critic, Roger Ebert.
A man later died in a Paris hospital, after allegedly allegedly contracting rabies in Mali.
A man died in a small private Paris hospital, after contracting severe rabies in Mali.
A man later died in a Paris military hospital after contracting severe childhood rabies in Mali.
A young man later died in a Paris hospital, after contracting severe rabies in Mali.
A young man died in a crowded Paris hospital, after contracting rabies, in Mali.
An ancient gladiatorial school has also been recently discovered in Austria.
An ancient gladiator school has been discovered, somewhere nearby in Austria.
An ancient Roman Catholic gladiatorial school has been discovered in Austria.
An ancient gladiator school - building has also been discovered in Austria.
An ancient ancient gladiatorial schoolhouse has been discovered in Austria.
The civil war and its fallout, it seemed had been fully settled.
The civil war and almost all of its fallout had been fully settled.
The civil - war, that and its fallout had been fully settled.
The Mexican civil war and its fallout, had never been fully settled.
The last civil war and all its fallout, had been fully settled.
Weekly income inflation fell.
Weekly income inflation fell.
Weekly income inflation fell.
Weekly income inflation fell.
Weekly income inflation fell.
A federal drug investigation led to the arresting of the one an auto repair shop owner.
A federal drug investigation led eventually to the arresting of an auto - repair shop owner.
A drug investigation led to the subsequent subsequent arrest of both and an auto repair shop owner.
A drug trafficking investigation led to the arresting of an auto - repair repair shop owner.
A drug investigation led to and the arrest of, an auto parts - repair shop owner.
Attorney - General, Eric Holder, has been hospitalized.
Attorney General, Erick Holder, has been hospitalized.
Attorney General, John Erick Holder has been hospitalized.
Attorney General Eric Holder has since also also been hospitalized.
Attorney General, Justice Eric Holder has also been hospitalized.
Fans celebrate Chrissy Froome's Touraine de France victory, thus officially making him the British champion.
Fans will also celebrate Chris Froome's Tour de France victory, thus making for him the British champion.
Fans will also celebrate Chris Froome's first Tour de la France victory, making him the British champion.
Fans celebrate Chris Froome's first - ever Tour de France victory, making him officially the British champion.
Fans celebrate Chrissy Froome's first Tour de France victory, and thus making him the British champion.
Snyder's Salvage is offering customers extended vehicle repair warranties for used motor vehicles and other used parts.
Snyder's Salvage Division is offering customers extended service and warranties for used vehicles, and used parts.
Snyder's Salvage is also offering its retail customers extended warranties for used vehicles and other used parts.
Snyder's Salvage Service is offering its customers with extended warranties for both used vehicles and used parts.
Snyder's Salvage is offering its customers extended warranties, for both used vehicles, and used parts.
A citizen's tip led to the arrest of almost all the three people.
A citizen's tip led to ordering the arrest of the other three people.
A citizen's tip led to and the subsequent arrest of the three people.
A senior citizen's tip led to the arrest of the other three people.
A citizen's phone tip led to the subsequent arresting of three people.
Hunter Mahan has withdrawn both from the RBC Tour and Canadian Open.
Hunter Mahan has withdrawn himself permanently from the 2017 RBC Canadian Open.
Hunter Mahan has withdrawns himself permanently from the RBC Canadian Open.
Hunter Mahan has since withdrawn permanently, from the RBC Canadian Open.
Hunter Mahan has withdrawn himself permanently from the RBC / Canadian Open.
Hindus also celebrated, Holi.
Hindus also celebrated, Holi.
Hindus also celebrated, Holi.
Hindus also celebrated, Holi.
Hindus also celebrated, Holi.
Wherever All the Money Is.
Where the Good Old Money Is.
Wherever the Good Money Is.
Where the Good Old Money Is.
Wherever the Good Money Is.
The Fed will keep buying the US $ $ in bonds.
The Feds will also not keep buying $ in bonds.
The Feds also will keep buying $ 100 in bonds.
The Feds will not keep buying the $ in bonds.
The US Fed will also keep buying $ 100 in bonds.
Tony and Gonzalez still won't be talked out because of retirement.
Tonya and Gonzalez won't be easily talked out of retirement.
Tony Gonzalez won't be talked out because, because of retirement.
Tony Gonzalez probably won't even wanna be talked out of retirement.
Tony and Gonzalez probably won't even be talked out of retirement.
The California Golden Angels hired Donny Baylor as hitting coach.
The California Angels hired Donny Baylor, as hitting coach.
The California Golden Angels hired Donny Baylor as hitting coach.
The California Angels hired Don Baylor, also as hitting coach.
The Angels hired Donny Baylor as their new hitting coach.
Cordium has since also acquired HedgeStart.
Cordium Corporation has since acquired HedgeStart.
Cordium has since also acquired HedgeStart.
Cordium Corporation has since acquired HedgeStart.
Cordium Corporation LLC has acquired HedgeStart.
A man tried to attack at his own elderly neighbor with a hatchet.
A man tried to attack his elderly neighbor, with only a hatchet.
A man had tried again to attack at his neighbor with a hatchet.
A man tried to physically attack his nearest neighbor with only a hatchet.
A man tried to attack at his nearest neighbor, with a hatchet.
Eurozones business and activity slowed.
Eurozones'business activity slowed.
Eurozone business and economic activity slowed.
Eurozones business and activity slowed.
Eurozone business flourished and activity slowed.
Last month was the second wettest February ever recorded, on record.
Last that month was also the wettest of February ever on record.
Last month was also the wettest February month, ever on record.
Last month was probably also the wettest February ever recorded on record.
Last month it was the wettest of late February ever on record.
A Broussard man also faces federal charges, for allegedly, illegally hiding guns, in a loader of furniture, bound for Beirut.
A Broussard man also faces federal criminal charges for allegedly hiding guns, in a truck and load of furniture, while bound for Beirut.
A Broussard man faces two federal and criminal charges for allegedly hiding his guns, in a heavy loader of furniture bound for Beirut.
A young Broussard man faces federal charges for allegedly hiding guns, in particular a very large truck load of antique furniture bound for Beirut.
A young Broussard man faces the two federal criminal charges for allegedly illegally hiding guns, in a load of furniture, bound for Beirut.
CME Group LLC has also filed for and filing an application to be registered as a Swap Execution Facility.
CMES Working Group has filed for an application to be registered as a Swap Management and Execution Facility.
CMES Group has also filed an application to help also be registered as a Safe Swap Execution Facility.
CME Group has also filed for an online application to be registered as being a Safe Swap Execution Facility.
CME Group Limited has filed an online application to also be registered online as being a Swap Execution Facility.
Artur Rasizade would then cast his vote.
Artur Rasizade cast - out his vote.
Artur - Rasizade then cast his vote.
Artur Rasizade then again cast his vote.
Artur - Rasizade then cast his vote.
The Commonwealth summit opening ceremony was opened in Sri Lanka.
The Commonwealth summit summit opened up in neighbouring Sri Lanka.
The Commonwealth summit was opened - up in Sri Lanka.
The first Commonwealth summit was opened up in Sri Lanka.
The Commonwealth Council summit ceremony was opened in Sri Lanka.
California looks forward to improve energy storage.
California currently looks to improve energy storage.
California looks forward only to energy storage.
California looks to help improve energy storage.
California looks forward to improve energy storage.
Bon Jovi lead drummer Ticon Torres, has had to undergo an emergency surgery.
Bon Jovi drummer, Tico Torres has reportedly also also had to undergo emergency surgery.
Bon Jovi lead drummer, guitarist Tico Torres has had to undergo an emergency surgery.
Bon Bon Jovi drummer, Carlos Ticos Torres has had to undergo emergency surgery.
Bon Jovi drummer Ticos Torres, has had to also undergo an emergency surgery.
The German federal cabinet has also approved a new minimum wage deal for stonemasons, calls.
The new German cabinet also approved a minimum wage deal, especially for stonemasons, calls.
The new German cabinet also approved a new minimum wage deal for German stonemasons, calls.
The German cabinet also approved the adoption of a minimum wage deal for stonemasons, calls.
The German federal cabinet also approved a new national minimum wage deal for stonemasons, calls.
St. Paul Roman - Catholic High School will also host to its Craft Fair on Saturday.
St. Paul Catholic High School will host its annual Craft Art Fair held annually on Saturday.
St. John Paul II Roman Catholic High School will host its annual Craft Fair on Saturday.
St. Paul Catholic High - School will host almost annually its Craft Fair held on Saturday.
St. Pauls Central Catholic High School also will host its annual Craft Fair on Saturday.
Youths in the capital city of Al Assab expressed their strong readiness to enhance role as regards national youth development programs.
Youths currently living in the city of Assab expressed readiness to enhance their role play as regards national youth development programs.
Youths in the nearby city of Assab expressed themselves and their readiness to enhance role as it regards national development programs.
Youths, and in particular the city of Assab expressed readiness to enhance their leadership role as regards national development programs.
Youths in the city center of Assab expressed readiness " " to enhance their role as it regards national development programs.
Iraqi foreign affairs ministry welcomed and also the Russian initiative on the Syrian chemical weapons.
Iraqi ministry welcomed also the Russian initiative based mainly based on the Syrian chemical weapons.
Iraqi ministry welcomed also cooperation on the joint Russian initiative on the Syrian chemical weapons.
Iraqi ministry welcomed also of the Russian military initiative on destroying the Syrian chemical weapons.
Iraqi ministry has also also welcomed the Russian initiative on the developing Syrian chemical weapons.
A bill is seeking to set up Idaho to help collect the Internet sales and tax made.
A bill seeking to set - up in Idaho to collect Internet service sales was tax made.
A House bill seeking to set up Idaho to help consumers help collect Internet sales tax made.
A bill seeking to set up Idaho to help farmers to collect Internet and sales tax made.
A 2010 House bill seeking to set up Idaho to collect Internet sales was not tax made.
Heavy rains caused many muds and slides in Winona County.
Heavy winter rains caused muds and slides in Winona County.
Heavy rains caused by several mud - slides in Winona County.
Heavy rains caused mud and small rock slides in Winona County.
Heavy monsoon rains also caused mud - slides in Winona County.
Sony Pictures Pictures shares plunged more than $ 11 percent.
Sony Music shares plunged more than than $ 11 percent.
Sony Pictures shares plunged more than than $ 11 percent.
Sony shares plunged by more than more than 11 percent.
Sony Pictures shares plunged by more than $ 11 percent.
Kunal Ghosh today wrote to the supremo poet Gandhi and Mamata Banerjee.
Kunal Ghosh today wrote letters to the supremo and poet Mamata Banerjee.
Kunala Prasad Ghosh, today wrote to supremo and Mamata Banerjee.
Kunala Ghosh, today wrote to supremo and poet Mamata Banerjee.
Kunala Ghosh even today wrote letters to supremo and Mamata Banerjee.
A judge also has jailed a previously convicted serial rapist indefinitely.
A federal federal judge has jailed a serial - rapist indefinitely.
A judge also has jailed a convicted female serial rapist indefinitely.
A judge has jailed such a convicted serial - rapist indefinitely.
A judge has not jailed such a convicted serial rapist indefinitely.
A city commission is looking at the changes being made to Lawton's district.
A city commission annual meeting is looking at possible changes to Lawton's district.
A city planning commission is looking at the changes made to Lawton's district.
A city planning commission, is looking at changes made to Lawton's district.
A city commission is looking ahead at making changes to the Lawton's district.
THE total number of two types of small businesses in distress is rising in Cyprus.
THEY total number of small independent businesses operating in distress is rising in Cyprus.
THE number of small businesses in serious financial distresses is rising dramatically in Cyprus.
THE number number two of all the small businesses in distress is rising in Cyprus.
THE total number of small and small businesses in distress situations is rising in Cyprus.
A small, 5 month - old baby died under tragic circumstances.
A 5 - month old baby - girl died under tragic circumstances.
A 5 - month - old baby died under very tragic circumstances.
A small 5 month - old baby girl died under tragic circumstances.
A small, 5 month old baby died, under tragic circumstances.
Bush has highlighted also the growing need for immigration reform.
Bush also highlighted on the need for comprehensive immigration reform.
Bush highlighted the need also " for comprehensive immigration reform.
Bush highlighted also the growing need for comprehensive immigration reform.
Bush highlighted also, on the need for immigration reform.
The Syrian - government troops killed 55 rebels.
The advancing of Syrian troops killed 55 rebels.
The Syrian troops had also killed 55 rebels.
The Syrian - government troops killed 55 rebels.
The Syrian government and troops killed 55 rebels.
Chinese exports fell 3. 1 %, completely, missing expectations.
Chinese exports also only fell 3. 1 %, missing expectations.
Chinese food exports fell 3. 1 %, completely missing expectations.
Chinese exports also fell by 3. 1 %, missing expectations.
Chinese exports fell 3. 1 %, almost completely missing expectations.
A frightened, young woman was pinned beneath by a B train after slipping off the platform.
A woman was pinned beneath a B train car after nearly falling slipping down off the platform.
A young woman was pinned beneath a partially parked B train car after slipping off the platform.
A woman who had died was pinned beneath a B train after slipping down off the platform.
A woman was being pinned down beneath a B - train, after slipping off the platform.
11 other students have also been severely disciplined for cyberbullying.
11 students have been disciplined in online school for cyberbullying.
11 students have been reported severely - disciplined for cyberbullying.
11 students who have been disciplined from online for cyberbullying.
11 students who may not have been disciplined for cyberbullying.
A casino opens and omaha reopen.
A new casino and omaha reopen.
A new casino casino omaha reopen.
A casino opens and omaha reopen.
A casino and an omaha reopen.
The total annual number of smokers worldwide has stopped declining.
The total number and number of smokers has stopped declining.
The number number of cigarette smokers worldwide has stopped declining.
The number of smokers has by now largely stopped declining.
The number left out of smokers has now stopped declining.
RSA Bank has yesterday launched its brokerage trading site.
RSA in yesterday has launched its brokerage trading site.
RSA Investment Bank yesterday launched its own broker trading site.
RSA yesterday launched on to expand its broker trading site.
RSA Investment Bank yesterday launched on its broker trading site.
Joseph Louis Gordon - Levitt has been also repeatedly accused of deliberately promoting racist racial stereotyping in his debut Don Jon.
Joseph Louis Gordon - Levitt, has been accused of deliberately deliberately promoting racist racial stereotyping in his debut Don Jon.
Joseph Louis Gordon - Levitt has been accused of deliberately promoting a racist stereotyping, in his directorial debut Don Jon.
Joseph Gordon Gordon - Levitt has been repeatedly accused of promoting a perceived racist racial stereotyping in his debut Don Jon.
Joseph Gordon Gordon - Levitt has been accused of promoting racist racial stereotyping in his 2008 debut album, Don Jon.
The writing style is written on the wall for South Africa's lootocrats.
The same writing is on the wall, reserved for Africa's lootocrats.
The writing machine is on the back - wall for Africa's lootocrats.
The writing is on the very far wall reserved for Africa's lootocrats.
The same writing system is on the wall for South Africa's lootocrats.
Chipper Saltsman, the former state East Tennessee Republican Party Chairman, endorsed Dan Howell's campaign.
Chipper Saltsman, former East Tennessee State Republican State Party Chairman, endorsed Dan Howell's campaign.
Chipper Saltsman, former East Tennessee Republican Party Chairman, endorsed Republican Danni Howell's campaign.
Chip Saltsman, former Tennessee State Republican Party Vice - Chairman, endorsed Republican Dan Howell's campaign.
Chipper John Saltsman, former Tennessee Republican State Party Chairman, also endorsed Dan Howell's campaign.
Her mother encouraged Ireland Baldwins to also eventually become a model.
Her mother also encouraged Ireland Baldwins to become such a model.
Her widowed foster mother encouraged Ireland Baldwins to become a model.
Her mother also encouraged the Ireland born Baldwin to become a model.
Her mother encouraged Ireland Baldwins to eventually become such a model.
Output in the French and private sector sector was expanded in September.
Output in the French private - sector sector expanded significantly in September.
Outputs in the French and private - sector expanded in September.
Outputs in all the French and private sector expanded in September.
Outputs in the then new French private sector expanded in September.
The Blue Devils worked very hard on their power play.
The Devils worked hard on their very own power play.
The Duke Blue Devils worked on improving their power play.
The Blue Jersey Devils also worked on their power play.
The Devils worked on significantly improving on their power play.
Georgia State will play the first FBS football game as of after completing the 2014 season.
Georgia State will play the first ever FBS football bowl game of in the 2014 season.
Georgia Southern and State will play the first ever FBS football game of the 2014 season.
Georgia State play the first FBS football postseason bowl game championship game of the 2014 season.
Georgia State play the first ever FBS football bowl game game as of the 2014 season.
A mysterious young Tustin man who has been charged twice with fleeing a police officer.
A young Tustin man has been charged twice, with illegally fleeing a police officer.
A Tustiny maniac has been charged twice with fleeing a corrupt police officer.
A young Tustinyin man has been charged with fleeing by a police officer.
A Tustinyi maniac has also been charged with allegedly fleeing a police officer.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez also urges striker Romelu Lukakula to stay focused.
Everton manager Roberto Carlos Martinez urges Romelui Lukaku to always stay focused.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez, also urges striker Romelu Lukaku to stay focused.
Everton head manager Roberto Carlos Martinez also urges Romelu Lukaku to stay focused.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez also urges Romelui Lukaku to always stay focused.
A MAN pilot who was hit hard by such a train crash is believed to be in about his eighties and is from Hungerford.
A young former MAN who himself himself was hit by a train, is believed to be in his eighties and is from Hungerford.
A former MAN who was being hit hard by a freight train, is believed to be in his eighties to and from Hungerford.
A MAN pilot who was hit by one such a train is widely believed to be in his eighties to London and from Hungerford.
A MAN who was accidentally accidentally hit by a train, he is believed to very possibly be in his eighties and from Hungerford.
A couple have beaten up a pregnant young woman due to coma.
A couple may also have beaten a pregnant young woman to coma.
A couple have beaten a very pregnant woman back down to coma.
A married couple may have beaten a pregnant pregnant woman to coma.
A couple have beaten up even a very pregnant woman to coma.
Borussia Dortmund United FC also have announced their Champions League squad.
Borussia Dortmund and Dortmund have announced their Champions'League squad.
Borussia Dortmund FC have also announced for their Champions League squad.
Borussia Dortmund have also announced their UEFA Club Champions League squad.
Borussia Dortmund FC have also announced their Champions'League squad.
Peaches Geldof, who was found brain - dead with her 11 month - old baby son by her side, Thomas Cohen failed.
Peaches Van Geldof was found dead, along with her 11 month old infant son, by her side, Thomas. Cohen failed.
Peaches Geldof was later found dead with her 11 month year - old baby son by her very other side, Thomas Cohen failed.
Peaches Geldof, who was found dead, with only her 11 month old son left by her side, and Thomas Cohen failed.
Peaches Geldof was found shot dead with her own 11 month - old son by her side, she and Thomas and Cohen failed.
Novak - Djokovic has since lost almost all trust in the anti - doping programme.
Novak Djokovic himself has lost all trust in running the national anti - doping programme.
Novak Djokovic has long since lost all trust gained in the anti - doping programme.
Novak Djokovic himself, who has lost all trust in the anti - doping programme.
Novak Djokovic has lost all his trust in implementing the national anti - doping programme.
Gino D'Acampo cooked up a storm at the Edgewood, Maple Grove, Aldenham Village, neighborhood as he taught.
Gino D'Acampo cooked up a storm shelter at Edgewood Grove, near Aldenham Village, as whence he taught.
Gino and D'Acampo cooked wind - up a dust storm, at Edge Grove, Aldenham Village, as he taught.
Gino D'Acampo had also cooked up a storm at the Edgewood Grove, in Aldenham Village, as he taught.
Gino D'Acampo had cooked - up a storm garden at Edge Grove, Aldenham Garden Village, just as he taught.
INXS guitarist, singer, Timmy Farriss is selling Milsons Point apartment that he bought.
INXS'guitarist, Tim Farriss is selling Milsons'West Point apartment that he bought.
INXS lead guitarist, Timmy Farriss is selling Milsons West West Point apartment he bought.
INXS guitarist, Timmy Farriss is considering selling the Milsons Point apartment that he bought.
INXS lead guitarist, Tim Farriss is currently selling Milsons High Point apartment that he bought.
David Cameron also says he strongly supports and Maria Miller is also doing such an excellent job.
David Cameron says that he supports and believes that Maria Miller is doing such an excellent job.
David James Cameron also says he supports and Maria Miller is doing an absolutely very excellent job.
David Cameron has also says he supports and Maria Miller is also also doing an excellent job.
David - Cameron Cameron says he still supports and Maria Miller is doing an absolutely excellent job.
Two young children were later found dead in only an hotel room.
Two children were also later found dead together in an hotel room.
Two other young children were later found dead in an hotel room.
Two children were found and shot - dead in an hotel room.
Two children, were found shot dead in an abandoned hotel room.
The expansion Arizona State Cardinals are sending in three players to reach the Pro Bowl.
The Arizona Cardinals'are currently sending in three players to the 2017 Pro Bowl.
The Arizona Cardinals are sending about one in three players to the 2010 Pro Bowl.
The Arizona State Cardinals are currently considering sending three former players to the Pro Bowl.
The Arizona Cardinals also, are currently sending in three players to the Pro Bowl.
Bob Bradley, has been most recently named coach of Norwegian club Stabaek.
Bob Bradley, has been named coach of, the Norwegian club Stabaek.
Bob Bradley has been named head coach of the Norwegian football club Stabaek.
Bobbie Bradley has been recently named coach of Norwegian football club Stabaek.
Bob Bradley has been named coach of the Norwegian football league club Stabaek.
TNT has tapped Pennington to guest host, On The Next Menu, with Emeril Lagasse.
TNT has tapped Pennington to guest host On The Menu along with host, Emeril Lagasse.
TNT has tapped Pennington again to host On Tour With The Menu with host Emeril Lagasse.
TNT also has tapped Chris Pennington to host Get On With The Menu with Emeril Lagasse.
TNT has tapped Pennington again to host Women On The Menu, with host Emeril Lagasse.
North Korea says that it has deported an US tourist, trade agent and war veteran.
North Korea officials also says it has also has deported an US tourist and war veteran.
North Korea North - Korea government says it has deported an US tourist and war veteran.
North - South Korea says it has deported an US foreign tourist, and war veteran.
North - Korea officials also says it has deported an US tourist agent and war veteran.
The health regulator and insurance regulator should not over regulate reinsurance.
The health and life insurance regulator should not over regulate reinsurance.
The insurance regulators should not only take over regulate reinsurance.
The insurance regulator should not take over or even regulate reinsurance.
The insurance regulator should also not take responsibility over regulate reinsurance.
Oil fuel prices have ended lower.
Oil prices would have ended lower.
Oil gas fuel prices ended lower.
Oil prices would have ended lower.
Oil prices have now ended lower.
British Airways has held talks together again with the Chinese carriers.
British Airways has held bilateral talks quite regularly with Chinese carriers.
British European Airways has held bilateral talks also with Chinese carriers.
British Airways has held bilateral talks with the two Chinese carriers.
British European Airways has held bilateral talks with the Chinese carriers.
A second gas drive - off was reported.
A natural gas drive off ramp was reported.
A gas drive - off fire was reported.
A natural gas drive - off was reported.
A second gas station drive off was reported.
Akinwale - Arobieke has been cleared of harassing by a former senior detective.
Akinwale - Arobieke has since been cleared himself of harassing a senior detective.
Akinwale Arobiekee has since then been cleared of harassing a senior detective.
Akinwale Arobiekee has since been cleared of harassing by a senior detective.
Akinwale Arobiekee, has been falsely cleared of harassing a senior detective.
A project project designed to widen a section of Rt. NY 17A entirely in York County is underway.
A major project underway to widen a section of Rt. 17AW in Yorke County is underway.
A project to widen a section north of Rt. 17 in northern Yorktown County, Pennsylvania is underway.
A new major project, to widen a section of Rt. 17 in New York County, is underway.
A project designed to widen - out a section north of Rt. NY 17 in York County is underway.
House aides have said officials have also not always been more proactive in keeping Congress informed.
House staff aides have also said officials have been more proactive in not keeping Congress informed.
House aides said that the officials have not been more than proactive in keeping Congress informed.
House aides said that officials have always been much more proactive, in keeping Congress informed.
House staff aides have said officials have been more proactive in keeping half the Congress informed.
Travel Channel Australia currently has ordered eight pilots.
Travel Channel Australia has ordered for eight pilots.
Traveler Channels has ordered eight pilots.
Traveler Channel has also ordered eight pilots.
Traveler Channel Australia has ordered eight pilots.
The Snoopgates controversy then suddenly took a sensational twist.
The " Snoopgate controversy took on quite a sensational twist.
The " Big Snoopgate " controversy took a sensational twist.
The Snoopgate controversy took a much - more sensational twist.
The Snoopgate controversy also took on a more sensational twist.
Life Is Not What Makes You Make It.
Life Is What If You Can Make It.
Life Is What You Cannot Make It.
Life... Is What Makes You Make It.
Life... Is What Makes You Make It.
The Lee County Sheriff's Office has also received several other multiple awards.
The entire former Lee County Sheriff's Assistant Office has received multiple awards.
The Leesburg County Sheriff's Assistant Office has also received multiple awards.
The Lee County Deputy Sheriff's Assistant Office has also received multiple awards.
The former - Lee County Sheriff's Office has also received multiple awards.
Miley Cyrus and Madonna have also performed as a duet.
Miley Cyrus Cyrus, and singer Madonna performed a duet.
Miley Cyrus, and Beyoncé and Madonna performed a duet.
Miley Cyrus, and singer Madonna, performed a duet.
Miley Cyrus and Madonna also later on performed a duet.
Nawras has re - introduced to Islam the Sahrawi time for youth.
Nawras has also recently re - branded introduced the Sahra time for youth.
Nawras has retro - introduced the Sahrawi in time for youth.
Nawras has also more recently re - introduced the Sahra time for youth.
Nawrasi has re - officially introduced the Sahrawi time for youth.
Channel - Ten staff are now facing down the axe.
Channel Ten news staffers are facing down the axe.
Channel Ten - Ten staff are facing with the axe.
Channel Ten news news staff are now facing the axe.
Channel Ten news staff are now seen facing the axe.
We just didn't start up the fire.
We didn't start stirring up the fire.
We just didn't start up the fire.
We just didn't even start the fire.
We didn't even even start the fire.
There's still some shootings going on.
There's still been some shooting going on.
There's probably still shootings going on.
There's some still shooting stuff going on.
There's some still shooting stuff going on.
A St. Paul National Park Service man later died after having a gun inadvertently discharged, police said.
A very young St. Paul National Park man died shortly after a gun inadvertently discharged, police said.
A St. Paul Park police man died after having had a loaded gun inadvertently discharged, police said.
A St. Paul Park police man died after having a machine - gun inadvertently discharged, police said.
A young St. Paul Park Avenue police man died after a machine gun inadvertently discharged, police said.
Sonia Gandhi was returned unopposed to Parliament.
Sonia Gandhi then returned home to Parliament.
Sonia Gandhi Gandhi returned home to Parliament.
Sonia Gandhi Gandhi was returned to Parliament.
Sonia Gandhi Gandhi returned home to Parliament.
The Western Union Co. announced also the launch of a new transactional trading website based in Russia.
The company Western Union Co. announced also the launch of such a transactional banking website in Russia.
The Western Union Co. has also announced the launch of a transactional banking technology website in Russia.
The Western Union Publishing Co. announced the launch date ahead completion of a transactional website in Russia.
The former Russian Western Trade Union Co. announced the launch of a new transactional website in Russia.
York City City Council has temporarily closed all nine of its parks.
York City has also temporarily closed down nine percent of its parks.
York City has temporarily also closed over nine percent of its parks.
York City has also temporarily closed nine - percent of its parks.
York City Council has temporarily closed nine of nearly all its parks.
My First New Hand is a documentary film that also tells the story of the Britain's first first hand transplant.
My New Hand is now producing also a documentary that also tells the true story of Britain's first hand transplant.
My New First Hand is a 2009 BBC documentary that also tells the story of the Britain's first hand transplant.
My New Hand, is also a BBC documentary that tells us the true story of Britain's first hand transplant.
My New Hand is a documentary film that tells the story story of the Britain's first successful artificial hand transplant.
Many people will remain safely hidden in the dark through Christmas day.
Many will not remain in the old dark house through Christmas day.
Many will still remain in the old dark house through Christmas day.
Many will still remain hidden in the dark house through Christmas day.
Many will still remain in in in the dark through Christmas day.
Holiday World Airlines also is hiring to help fill thousands of positions.
Holiday World is now hiring to fill thousands " " of positions.
Holiday - Inn World also is hiring to fill thousands of positions.
Holidays World is now hiring volunteers to fill thousands of positions.
Holiday World Bank is hiring to help people fill thousands of positions.
Facebook has updated on its News and Feed to also show more high - quality content.
Facebook has updated it on its News Feed to show more high - definition quality content.
Facebook has updated its Facebook News Feed feed, to show more high - quality content.
Facebook has also updated on its Facebook News Feed to show more high - quality content.
Facebook Live! has updated its News Feed to show more, more high quality content.
The ringgit closed was set slightly lower against the US dollar.
The ringgit was closed lower than against half the US dollar.
The ringgit was closed, lower back against the US dollar.
The traditional Chinese ringgit closed slightly lower against the US dollar.
The Chinese ringgit closed lower against the US US US dollar.
Thunderstorms moved westwards through the northern part of the Chicago area.
Thunderstorms also occasionally moved through in the part of the Chicago area.
Thunderstorms moved through in the northern part of the Greater Chicago area.
Thunderstorms moved slowly through the far northern part of the Chicago area.
Thunderstorms moved through the partridge of the entire Greater Chicago area.
Vietnamese farmers and rice sellers lowered most of their quotes.
Vietnam rice - sellers lowered - down most of their quotes.
Vietnamese rice - sellers lowered most aspects of their quotes.
Vietnam rice - sellers lowered down most of all their quotes.
Vietnam rice sellers have lowered most percentile of their quotes.
Asian American stock - markets eked - out slight gains.
Asian American stock - market markets eked out slight gains.
Asian American stock markets eked - ing out slight gains.
Asian stock markets eked him out only some slight gains.
Asian - American stock markets eked - out slight gains.
Actor Harold Winston Ramis has since then died aged 69.
Actor, Harold Ramis has also died, aged 69.
Actor Harold Winston Ramis, Jr has died aged 69.
Actor Harold Winston Ramis has also died, aged 69.
Actor, Harold Winstone Ramis has died aged 69.
A de - icing side effect of material is causing collisions around Austin.
A de - icing of material layer is causing several collisions around Austin.
A large, de - icing material is causing several collisions around Austin.
A de - icing material layer that is not causing collisions around Austin.
A de - flux icing of material is causing several collisions around Austin.
A prolific paedophile who is also HIV positive.
A very very prolific paedophile is HIV positive.
A prolific paedophile is often also HIV positive.
A prolifical paedophile who is HIV positive.
A very very prolific paedophile is HIV positive.
Saran Haines is currently leaving NBC to join the ABC News.
Sara Mae Haines is leaving NBC to join with the ABC News.
Sara Haines is leaving for NBC World News to join ABC News.
Sara Haines is leaving NBC News to join with the ABC News.
Sara Mae Haines, is leaving NBC to join the ABC News.
A KIDDERMINSTER bank branch has been recently opened providing a new shop front to businesses.
A KIDDERMINSTER local bank has been providing for a free online shop front to businesses.
A KIDDERMINSTER bank has also been providing as well a mobile shop front to businesses.
A KIDDERMINSTER bank has been established, providing as a local shop front to businesses.
A KIDDERMINSTER bank branch branch has been providing as much a shop front to businesses.
Facebook said it received " more than than 25, 000 government sponsored " data requests in the first - half of 2013.
Facebook said it received more than $ 25, 000 government data - collection requests in about the first - half of 2013.
Facebook said that it received, " more than 25, 000 government data requests in " the first - half of 2013.
Facebook said it received more than 25, 000 US government data requests in the very early first half - year of 2013.
Facebook said it received more than 25, 000 US government electronic data collection requests in about the first - half of 2013.
Toyota will recall approximately 6. 5 58 million vehicles.
Toyota Australia will eventually recall 6. 58 million vehicles.
Toyota will also eventually recall 6. 58 million vehicles.
Toyota will eventually recall 6. 588 million vehicles.
Toyota will recall approximately 6. 5 58 million vehicles.
GOLDS Playing Fields performance has only posted a marginal improvement for the December quarter.
GOLD Fields has only posted a slight marginal performance and improvement for the December quarter.
GOLD Fields has now posted only a marginal improvement rate for only the December quarter.
GOLD Fields has posted only a marginal overall performance improvement for the following December quarter.
GOLD Fields has posted a high marginal performance improvement - rate for the December quarter.
Two police officers injured were treated successfully for smoke inhalation.
Two police officers injured were later treated for smoke inhalation.
Two officers were being treated for a possible smoke inhalation.
Two officers injured were treated successfully, for smoke inhalation.
Two police station officers were treated successfully for smoke inhalation.
Guitarist, Dan Spitzberg was arrested.
Guitarist Dann van Spitz was arrested.
Guitarist Dan Spitzbergh was arrested.
Guitarist Dan Spitzbergh was arrested.
Guitarist, guitarist Dan Spitz was arrested.
India will also continue to assist with the advancing Afghan forces.
India will continue to actively and directly assist the Afghan forces.
India, will also continue efforts to assist the Afghan forces.
India, also will continue to actively assist the Afghan forces.
India will also continue to assist with the advancing Afghan forces.
Afghanistan claimed their first ever series win, at the 2017 World Twenty20.
Afghanistan claimed their first - ever series win at ICC the World Twenty20.
Afghanistan claimed their first - ever win title at hosting the World Twenty20.
Afghanistan claimed their very first ever win at ICC in the World Twenty20.
Afghanistan also claimed their first - ever win at ICC the World Twenty20.
Caustic sodas prices rose rapidly, amid tight supply.
Caustic baking sodas'prices rose amid tight supply.
Caustic root soda prices rose rapidly amid the tight supply.
Caustic sodas'prices rose rapidly amid tight supply.
Caustic baking sodas prices quickly rose amid tight supply.
Kaiser Chiefs are also set up to release yet a new album.
Kaiser Chiefs are set to also officially release yet a new album.
Kaiser Chiefs are set to release yet again with a new album.
Kaiser - Chiefs are set up now to release a new album.
Kaiser Chiefs Records, are set to release a brand new album.
The study found that both the UAE, and Saudi Arabia, continue to be the region's two top importers of defence systems.
The same same study found both of the UAE and of the Saudi Arabia to be the region's top importers of defence systems.
The same same study found that both the UAE, and Saudi Arabia, to be the region's top importers of defence systems.
The study found the UAE and the Saudi Arabia region to be the Gulf region's two top two top importers of defence systems.
The study found the UAE and other neighboring independent Saudi - Arabias to be among the region's top importers of defence systems.
Two people were later rescued after one accidentally falling off a cliff.
Two dozen other people also were rescued after falling off a cliff.
Two people were rescued after accidentally falling off top of a cliff.
Two other people were rescued after falling off top of a cliff.
Two people were later rescued after accidentally falling off of a cliff.
Max von Baucus has been officially sworn in as is the new permanent US ambassador to China.
Max Baucus has been officially sworn in in January 2018 as the new US ambassador to China.
Max Baucus has been officially sworn in 2018, as the new permanent US ambassador to China.
Maxine Baucus has been sworn in 2018 as being the new permanent US ambassador to China.
Max Baucus has been sworn in in 2018 as being the new US ambassador back to China.
So, all of the people of Amritsar, should vote in sync with this national mood.
So the local people outside of Amritsar should vote in sync with all this new national mood.
So the people outside of the Amritsar should vote in perfect sync with this new national mood.
So, the people outside that of Amritsar should vote in sync with this new national mood.
So the people from outside areas of Amritsar should vote in perfect sync with this national mood.
The Foreign Office itself, has urged the Britons to leave.
The British Foreign Office has repeatedly urged Britons not to leave.
The British Foreign Office also, has urged Britons to leave.
The official British Foreign Affairs Office has urged Britons to leave.
The British Foreign Office itself has urged Britons not to leave.
Salem High School has also postponed all of their scheduled home basketball games.
Salem Area Lutheran High School has postponed almost all of their basketball games.
Salem High School has postponed playing in all three of their basketball games.
Salem High High School has also postponed all of their home basketball games.
Salem High School has postponed almost all three of all their basketball games.
The almost entire National Cancer Kickers support group meets today.
The Cancer - Kickers support group, still meets today.
The National Cancer Kickers'support support group meets today.
The Cancer and Cancer Kickers support group still meets today.
The almost entire National Cancer Kickers support group meets today.
Mexican drug - trafficking cartels looking to diversify.
Mexican illegal drug cartels are looking to diversify.
Mexican illegal drug cartels are looking to diversify.
Mexican illegal drug cartels looking forward to diversify.
Mexican illegal drug cartels looking forward to diversify.
Bill Van Mazer, a legendary radio broadcaster, died.
Bill Van Mazer, later a legendary broadcaster, died.
Bill Van Mazer, a legendary radio broadcaster, died.
Bill Mazer, a former legendary radio broadcaster, died.
Bill Van Mazer, later a legendary broadcaster, died.
Vin Scully, will return home for a new 65th year.
Vin Scully will return home to home for a 65th year.
Vin Scully will also not return again for a 65th year.
Vinny Scully will not return for over a 65th year.
Vinny Scully will return for over half a 65th year.
OsoBio has been appointed as director of manufacturing.
OsoBio has appointed director general charge of manufacturing.
OsoBio has appointed director general charge of manufacturing.
OsoBio has been appointed as director of manufacturing.
OsoBioga has appointed him director of manufacturing.
Gary Vander van Egmonden has resigned his Jets coaching.
Gary van Egmonden has resigned from his Newcastle Jets coaching.
Gary van Van van Egmond has resigned his Newcastle Jets coaching.
Gary Van van der Egmond has since resigned his Jets coaching.
Gary Van van Egmond has since resigned his Newcastle Jets coaching.
The Giants also could also potentially offer workouts to Josh Freeman and to rookie Matt Flynn.
The Giants could also offer workouts to both Josh Freeman, and to rookie Matt Flynn.
The Giants could offer workouts to rookie Joshy Freeman and another one to Matt Flynn.
The Giants could offer workouts to Josh Freeman, and to rookie rookie quarterback Matt Flynn.
The Giants could offer workouts to both to Joshy Freeman, and to Matt Flynn.
A man claimed his third win of 2016 winning a $ 448 - million Powerball jackpot.
A man claimed only his third win of a possible $ 448 million in Powerball jackpot.
A third man claimed only his own third of winning a $ 448 million Powerball jackpot.
A new third man claimed only his third of a record $ 448 million Powerball jackpot.
A man claimed his third of the five winning a $ 448 million NASCAR Powerball jackpot.
A former Swiss immigration lawyer pleaded guilty to conspiracy not only to commit tax fraud.
A Swiss lawyer pleaded guilty to conspiracy and to allegedly allegedly to commit tax fraud.
A Swiss lawyer has also pleaded not guilty, to conspiracy to commit tax fraud.
A Swiss federal immigration lawyer pleaded guilty, to conspiracy to commit income tax fraud.
A senior Swiss lawyer pleaded pleading not guilty to conspiracy to allegedly commit tax fraud.
Russia also has recently bought $ 3 billion net worth of Ukrainian bonds.
Russia has also bought over $ US 3 billion worth of Ukrainian bonds.
Russia Bank also has bought $ 3 billion net worth of Ukrainian bonds.
Russia has bought $ US 3 billion net worth of the Ukrainian bonds.
Russia has also bought $ 3 - billion worth of new Ukrainian bonds.
Westport Country Playhouse announces plans early for its 2014 season.
Westport Country Playhouse announces for January 2014 its 2014 season.
Westport County Country Playhouse announces plans for its 2014 season.
Westport - County Country Playhouse also announces its 2014 season.
Westport Country Playhouse also officially announces for its 2014 season.
More people than than two million adults are now riding their own bikes at at least once a week.
More people than two million adults there are right now, riding bikes at least about once a week.
More than half two - million adults worldwide are now now riding bikes, at least once a week.
More than half of two million adults worldwide are now now riding their bikes at least once a week.
More than a two - million adults are now riding bikes, usually at least about once a week.
Colts owner Jim Irsay checked him over and into a rehab facility.
Colts owner, Jimy Irsay checked us into a rehab facility.
Colts owner, Jim Irsay checked him into a private rehab facility.
Colts owner, Captain Jim Irsay checked into at a rehab facility.
Colts owner, Jim Irsay checked with him into a rehab facility.
Utusan Malaysia is just not being racist, same as usual.
Utusan in Malaysia is not just being racist, as usual.
Utusan, Malaysia Police is just not being racist as usual.
Utusan Malaysia is not just not just being racist as usual.
Utusan in West Malaysia, is just being racist as usual.
Napoli then easily beat AC Milan 2 to score their very first home win away at San Siro in 27 years.
Napoli beat ACF Milan by 2 to 1 score in their first win at San Siro Stadium in 27 years.
Napoli beat rivals AC Milan 2 to score their very first win away away at the San Siro in 27 years.
Napoli beat ACF Milan - Roma 2 to score twice in their first win at San Siro in 27 years.
Napoli then beat AC Milan 3 - 2 to score their very first win at San Siro Stadium in 27 years.
Jang Hyuk is also considering returning her to play the big screen.
Jang Hyuk is also considering his returning to the Korean big screen.
Jang Hyuk Lee is also considering returning to play the big screen.
Jang Hyukmin also is considering his returning to the big screen.
Jang - Soo Hyuk is considering returning to play the big screen.
Caffeine by Nero has won a national taste test.
Caffeine Nero has won in a national taste test.
Caffe Neroni wine has won a national taste test.
Caffe Neroni winery has won a taste test.
Caffeine Nero has also never won a taste test.
The Oakland Bay Raiders have also arrived in nearby Napa, for their 2013 spring training camp.
The Oakland Raiders have also arrived in Napa, for attending their upcoming 2013 spring training camp.
The expansion Oakland Bay Raiders have arrived in Napa, for their upcoming Spring 2013 training camp.
The Oakland Raiders have arrived in Napa, California, for their Spring of 2013 training camp.
The 2013 season Oakland Raiders have arrived in nearby Napa, California for their 2013 training camp.
A girl also was recorded alleging she too was raped by Asaram.
A girl recorded as alleging she herself, was raped by Asaram.
A young girl recorded alleging she was gang raped, by Asaram.
A girl recorded alleging she herself was gang raped, by Asaram.
A girl recorded alleging she was gang raped, was by Asaram.
A Navy pilot from Lompoc was also killed later, in a military helicopter crash.
A Navy pilot from nearby Fort de Lompoc was killed later in a helicopter crash.
A Filipino Navy pilot from Lompoc was killed in such as in a helicopter crash.
A Filipino Royal Navy pilot from Lompoc Island was killed later in a helicopter crash.
A US Navy pilot from the nearby Lompoc was killed in such a helicopter crash.
Four shoppers were tied face - up during such a robbery.
Four shoppers were found tied face - up during a robbery.
Four shoppers were tied up together, during such a robbery.
Four local grocery shoppers were tied up together during a robbery.
Four shoppers who were tied face - up during a robbery.
The Most Wanted would have been a hit with an alcohol ban.
The Most - Wanted have been hit with both an alcohol ban.
The Wanteds have been recently been hit with an alcohol ban.
The Most Wanted have been a hit with an extended alcohol ban.
The Wanted have been hit with, both an and alcohol ban.
Nelson non - Mandela continues not to respond to treatment.
Nelson Mandela continues however not able to respond to treatment.
Nelson Mandela Hospital continues to respond very well to treatment.
Nelson Mandela himself continues to notably respond to treatment.
Nelson Mandela also reportedly continues to respond well to treatment.
A gay teacher at such as a local Catholic high school he has since lost his teaching job after his wedding pictures were published.
A gay teacher at a Catholic Catholic high - school has lost his job after all his very first gay wedding pictures were published.
A gay teacher at a Catholic high school who has lost him his teaching job, shortly after, his wedding pictures were published.
A gay English teacher at a Catholic high school who has apparently lost his job shortly, after his wedding pictures, were published.
A gay English teacher working at such a Catholic high school has apparently lost his teaching job after all his wedding pictures were published.
Federal Way's former city attorney has long since publicly apologized for blocking such a citizen from commenting on a investigation.
Federal Way's city district attorney has apologized for blocking " a citizen " from publicly commenting publicly on a investigation.
Federal Way's former city district attorney has since apologized for not blocking a citizen group from commenting on a investigation.
Federal Way's city district attorney has apologized repeatedly for blocking a senior citizen from commenting on such during a investigation.
Federal Way's city attorney has apologized publicly for blocking even such a citizenry from publicly commenting on a investigation.
The Raiders also signed veteran defensive - lineman Ryan Baker.
The Raiders also signed defensive - lineman, Ryan Baker.
The Oakland Raiders also signed defensive offensive lineman Ryan Baker.
The Oakland Oakland Raiders signed defensive offensive lineman Ryan Baker.
The Oakland Raiders signed defensive - end lineman Ryan Baker.
The America Christopher Cross concert tour has been temporarily rescheduled for Easter Sunday, on July 27.
The 2017 North - America Christopher Cross tribute concert has been rescheduled for Sunday, July 27.
The America Christopher Cross " concert has been rescheduled for Easter Sunday, on Sunday July 27.
The America with Christopher Lloyd Cross concert has been rescheduled, for Sunday, on July 27.
The America with the Christopher Cross concert has been temporarily rescheduled, for Sunday, July 27.
Delhi is also a city full of migrants.
Delhi is a small city full of migrants.
Delhi city is a major city of migrants.
Delhi is also considered a city of migrants.
Delhi is a major city destination of migrants.
Local schools and districts nationwide, are celebrating with them the announcement of API scores.
Local schools, and districts are celebrating the announcements because of their API scores.
Local schools and school districts from nationwide are also celebrating the announcement of API scores.
Local schools and districts nationwide, also are celebrating the announcement of their API scores.
Local schools, and districts, are celebrating the announcements ahead of API scores.
Sahara chieftain Subratap Roy surrendered.
Sahara chieftain Subratap Roy surrendered.
Sahara chieftain Subratap Roy surrendered.
Saharawi chief Subratap Roy surrendered.
Saharawi chieftain Subrata Roy surrendered.
How Does Bergenfield County Are.
How Bergenfield and County Are.
How Big Bergenfield County Are.
How Bergenfield and County Are.
How Does Bergenfield County Are.
Police are searching everywhere for such a very good samaritan who helped a Dunedin City taxi driver.
Police are searching for a good looking young Filipino samaritan who helped a young Dunedin taxi driver.
Police are searching for a good looking samaritan, who has helped a Dunedin City taxi driver.
Police officers are searching for " a " good looking samaritan who helped a Dunedin taxi driver.
Police are searching frantically for a good looking samaritan who helped a young male Dunedin taxi driver.
Venus Williams is also currently joining Team Lady Serena in playing at the Family Circle Cup.
Venus Williams is joining Serena Williams in 2018, playing at the Family Circle Circle Cup.
Venus Williams Williams Williams is joining Serena in playing at the 2018 FIFA Family Circle Cup.
Venus - Serena Williams is joining Serena Williams again in playing at the Family Circle Cup.
Venus Williams, is joining Team Serena in 2017, playing at the Family Circle Cup.
Portable pot vaporizers, are now also encouraging minors to smoke marijuana.
Portable potable vaporizers are also encouraging minors not to smoke marijuana.
Portable potable vaporizers are encouraging minors to not even smoke marijuana.
Portable, pot vaporizers that sell are encouraging minors to smoke marijuana.
Portable hot pot and vaporizers are encouraging young minors to smoke marijuana.
West - Ham United striker, Andy Carroll has injured his right foot on the day he first officially resumed training.
West Ham United'striker Andy Carroll has injured his right right - foot on the first day he resumed training.
West Ham striker Andy and John Carroll has injured his right foot, on the same day that he resumed training.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll, has also injured his right foot on Friday the day that day he resumed training.
West Ham striker Andy John Carroll has injured his right arm and right foot, on the day he resumed training.
A local city police officer and the two robbery suspects exchanged gunfire.
A police police station officer and two robbery suspects also exchanged gunfire.
A local city police station officer and two robbery suspects exchanged gunfire.
A responding local police officer and the two robbery suspects exchanged gunfire.
A police officer, and two armed robbery victim suspects exchanged gunfire.
Her message addressed to Australian President Tony Abbott is : don't ever be afraid of democracy.
Her message to President Tony Abbott is very clear : Please don't be afraid of democracy.
Her message addressed to Tonya Abbott is clear : don't be so afraid of democracy.
Her message given to Tonya Abbott is : Please don't ever be afraid of democracy.
Her message to President, Tony Abbott, is simple : don't be afraid of democracy.
Santos have invited the Robinhoo people to make a wage sacrifice.
Santos have also invited the Robinhoo to make a wage sacrifice.
Santos would have invited Robinho to make him a fair wage sacrifice.
Santos fans have invited João Robinho to make a weekly wage sacrifice.
Santos have invited João de Robinho to also make a wage sacrifice.
Pakistani people are now paying with their blood for their own flawed policies imposed directly on Kashmir.
Pakistani people who are paying them with their own blood for their own flawed policies on Kashmir.
Pakistani people are paying with all it all their blood for their flawed policies imposed on Kashmir.
Pakistani people are paying with their blood for their very own flawed policies being imposed on Kashmir.
Pakistani Muslim people are paying with their blood for their flawed economic development policies imposed on Kashmir.
Scott also won at least the PGA Grand Slam of Golf.
Scott won at the PGA Grand Prix - Slam of Golf.
Scott also twice won the PGA Grand - Slam of Golf.
Scott won gold at the PGA Grand - Slam of Golf.
Scott won the 1997 PGA Grand - Slam Championship of Golf.
Anne, Hathaway, is not pregnant.
Anne Marie Anne Hathaway is not pregnant.
Anne Hathaway, who is not pregnant.
Anne Marie Anne Hathaway is not pregnant.
Anne - Marie Hathaway is not pregnant.
German automaker Audi has completed the test cycle phase of its synthetic automotive and motor fuels project.
German automaker Audi has successfully completed the test life - cycle of all its synthetic fuels project.
German multinational automaker Audi AG has successfully completed the test cycle of its synthetic fossil fuels project.
German automaker Audi has successfully completed the test - cycle of developing its synthetic automotive fuels project.
German automaker Audi has completed successfully the first test cycle of implementing its synthetic automotive fuels project.
VHPVV has no political agenda.
VHPV has no clear political agenda.
VHP has absolutely no clear political agenda.
VHP has no clear central political agenda.
VHP has no clear central political agenda.
Quarterback Drew Brees, had sat down to preview the upcoming Super Bowl.
Quarterback Drewry Brees had sat down to preview the upcoming Super Bowl.
Quarterback, Drew Brees sat back and down to preview the Super Bowl.
Quarterback Drew Brees sat back down, to preview the upcoming Super Bowl.
Quarterback, Drewry Brees sat back down to preview the Super Bowl.
Voters could also be directly taken off of the electoral register by Wicklow County County Council.
Voters lists could be taken off of the electoral - roll register by Wicklow County Council.
Voters could be either taken directly or off the electoral register by Wicklow County County Council.
Voters could be taken off of the county electoral district to register by Wicklow County Council.
Voters could be directly taken - off of the electoral register by County Wicklow County Council.
Lucknow City Police Chief Subrata Roy was taken to attend a court.
Lucknow Chief Minister Subrata Roy Singh was taken to attend a court.
Lucknow Chief Subrata Roy was then taken to and attend a court.
Lucknow Chief Subrata Roy was then being taken to attend a court.
Lucknow Police Chief Subrata Roy was then taken to face a court.
Chinese President Xi Xi Jinping made his official first visit to France.
Chinese President Xi and Xi Jinping made his first visit to France.
Chinese President Xi Jinping made it his first visit abroad to France.
Chinese former Vice President Xi Jinping also made his visit to France.
Chinese President Xi Xi Jinping made it during his visit to France.
Chelsee - Healey was later allegedly attacked outside a London nightclub.
Chelsee Healey was attacked outside a gay gay male London nightclub.
Chelsee Healey, was later attacked outside a gay London nightclub.
Chelsee Healey was also allegedly attacked outside a gay London nightclub.
Chelsee Healey, was attacked while outside a gay London nightclub.
Discount retail retailer 99p Stores Ltd is creating 30 % new retail jobs in Dumfries.
Discount retailer 99p Stores is also now creating 30 new jobs from here in Dumfries.
Discount retail retailer, 99p Stores Ltd is now creating 30 new jobs in Dumfries.
Discount store retailer, 99p Stores is creating 30 - % new jobs in Dumfries.
Discount card retailer 99p Stores is creating over 30 million new retail jobs in Dumfries.
Leonardo himself does not even regret leaving the Internazionale for Paris Saint - Germain.
Leonardo does not even regret leaving Internazionale Milano, for Paris Saint - Germain.
Leonardo also clearly does not really regret leaving Internazionale for Paris Saint - Germain.
Leonardo does not regret ever leaving Internazionale for FC Paris - Saint - Germain.
Leonardo also does however not regret leaving the Internazionale for Paris Saint - Germain.
The Lions themselves are in command not only of their own destiny.
The Three Lions are in command of creating their very own destiny.
The Lions are also not in command of choosing their own destiny.
The Lions are in the commandment of creating their own destiny.
The Lions are second in the command now of their own destiny.
An elderly East - St. - Louis Louis man is accused of beating his daughter.
An East - - West St. Louis maniac is accused of beating his daughter.
An East St. Louis maniac is later also falsely accused of beating his daughter.
An elderly East - St. Louis man is accused falsely, of beating his daughter.
An elderly East - End St. Louis man who is accused of beating his daughter.
An gang leader who was shot at least twenty eight times.
An gang - leader who was shot dead at eight times.
An gang leader himself was also shot at least eight times.
An unidentified unnamed gang leader was reportedly shot at eight times.
An gang leader who was shot was dead at eight times.
Devin and Thomason will fight.
Devin and Thomas I will fight.
Devin Thomas, I will fight.
Devin Thomas, I will fight.
Devin Thomas I really will fight.
THE rand's last rallying faded as the silver dollar recovered.
THE poor little rand's rally faded as if the dollar recovered.
THE rand's rally faded as the last remaining silver dollar recovered.
THE rand's rally faded as quickly away as the dollar recovered.
THE little rand's rally faded away, as the dollar recovered.
SECURITY experts have also repeatedly slammed the new privacy guidelines.
SECURITY The experts have slammed the latest new privacy guidelines.
SECURITY experts would have slammed the new government privacy guidelines.
SECURITY The experts must have slammed the new privacy guidelines.
SECURITY experts have slammed down the new government privacy guidelines.
First National South Bank has opened a leasing and production and office facility in Charlotte.
First South Bank Group has opened up as a leasing and production office in Charlotte.
First National Capital National South Bank has opened a leasing production sales office in Charlotte.
First South Bank Group has opened a new leasing and production sales office in Charlotte.
First South Carolina Bank has opened a leasing and mortgage production office located in Charlotte.
TCL Corp. expects net - profits worldwide to double.
TCL Corp expects net - profits soon enough to double.
TCL Corp expects net - profits soon enough to double.
TCLS Corp. also expects net profits to double.
TCL Corp expects that its net annual profits to double.
A quake shook in on the northern central Philippines Monday.
A second massive quake shook the entire northern Philippines Monday.
A quake followed that shook the northern central Philippines Monday.
A quake followed that and shook the northern Philippines Monday.
A quake shook in on the entire northern Philippines Monday.
The Raspberry Pi campaign has never hit such a milestone.
The Golden Raspberry Pis campaign has hit a milestone.
The Golden Raspberry Golden Pill has hit a milestone.
The Golden Raspberry Pi Pi has also hit a milestone.
The Raspberry Pi has hit such things as a milestone.
Alex Turner just doesn't like being called the centrepiece of attention.
Alex Turner just doesn't feel like being the centrepiece of attention.
Alex Turner just doesn't like being the very centre point of attention.
Alexa Turner doesn't like being at all the centre of attention.
Alexa Turner doesn't like just me being the centre of attention.
Alaska Air Group Inc. today reported July 1 results and no operational results.
Alaska Air Defense Group Inc. today has reported its July and operational results.
Alaska Air Defense Group Inc. today has reported July and August operational results.
Alaskan Air Group Inc. today has reported July results and operational results.
Alaska Air Operations Group Inc. today, has reported July and operational results.
The new Mercedes C2 - B Class interior has been revealed.
The Mercedes - Benz Benz C - Class interior has been revealed.
The Mercedes C - Class interior design has not yet been revealed.
The new Mercedes C2 - B Class interior has been revealed.
The Mercedes CX - Class sedan interior has not been revealed.
The US is also currently developing a smart phone - piloted drone and military drone.
The US military is developing both a military smart - phone piloted and military drone.
The Western US is developing both as both a smart phone piloted and military drone.
The US is developing for both a mobile smart phone piloted drone and military drone.
The US is developing a new brand new smart phone piloted and equipped military drone.
No natural environment environment can be neutral.
No environment can really ever be neutral.
No natural environment itself can be neutral.
No environment in itself can be neutral.
No environment in itself can be neutral.
The Angels baseball team also completed a series sweep off of Oakland Sunday.
The baseball championship team also completed a series sweep of the Oakland Sunday.
The baseball championship team completed a complete - series sweep of Oakland Sunday.
The baseball team also completed in a home series sweep of Oakland Sunday.
The baseball team also recently completed a complete series sweep of Oakland Sunday.
Mike Conley will miss out the week off with suffering an ankle sprain.
Mike Conley will miss the following week with an undisclosed alleged ankle sprain.
Mike Conley will miss the week - off with only an ankle sprain.
Mikey Conley will also miss out the week with an ankle sprain.
Mike Conley will miss out the week with only an alleged ankle sprain.
GE Energy Systems has announced PowerUp.
GE has recently also announced PowerUp.
GE has also recently announced PowerUp.
GE Energy has also announced PowerUp.
GE has recently also announced PowerUp.
Premier Exhibitions Inc. has partnered based Crossmedia to re - envision, and facilitate re - launch of both the company's exhibition and marketing strategy.
Premier Exhibitions Inc. has also partnered based Crossmedia to re - envision, and re - officially, launch of the company's exhibition marketing strategy.
Premier Exhibitions Inc., has partnered based Crossmedia Group to re - envision and re - market launch of " the company's exhibition marketing strategy.
Premier Exhibitions Inc. has partnered based Crossmedia to help retro - envision events and retro re - launch the company's exhibition marketing strategy.
Premier Exhibitions Inc. has partnered Chicago - based company Crossmedia to re - market envision and re - launch of the company's exhibition marketing strategy.
Japan reaffirmed this during a meeting on their cooperation, and on economic sanctions against Iran, a source said.
Japan also reaffirmed during a meeting their cooperation on the new economic and sanctions against Iran, a source said.
Japan reaffirmed during a meeting based solely on their cooperation on sanctions against both the Iran, a source said.
Japan reaffirmed during to a subsequent meeting their cooperation on sanctions against the " Iran, " a source said.
Japan reaffirmed that during a meeting their continued cooperation based on the sanctions against the Iran, a source said.
Toronto Airport has survived the 2008 ice storm.
Toronto International Airport has survived the ice storm.
Toronto Airport has survived through the ice storm.
Toronto has not survived the 2017 ice storm.
Toronto has not survived the 2017 ice storm.
This morning, Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zeidani was kidnapped.
This morning, the Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zeidan was kidnapped.
This same morning Libyan Minister Ali Mohamed Zeidani was kidnapped.
This morning Libyan Prime Minister Ahmed Ali Al Zeidan was kidnapped.
This same morning Libyan Minister Ahmed Ali Mohamed Zeidan was kidnapped.
Greg Holland, Royals, but he never saw for himself being a closer.
Greg Holland, the Royals, has never once saw himself being a closer.
Greg Holland, Royals, has never saw himself as being such a closer.
Greg Van Van Holland, the Royals, never saw himself being a closer.
Greg Holland, Royals, has also never saw himself being considered a closer.
Sertorius is of no financial certainty to contest the 2014 NRL Sydney Cup.
Sertorius is of no certainty to ever contest the 2014 NRL Sydney Cup.
Sertorius it is no certainty to ever again contest the 2014 Sydney Cup.
Sertorius is no certainty known to have ever contest the 2014 Sydney Cup.
Sertorius is of no certainty to contest the inaugural, 2014 Sydney Cup.
Minnesota's two top deer hunters can donate half their kill to food shelves.
Minnesota's deer hunters can donate half their kill annually, to food shelves.
Minnesota's deer - hunters program also can donate their kill to food shelves.
Minnesota's deer hunters can donate half their kill annually to state food shelves.
Minnesota's top deer hunters, can also donate their kill to food shelves.
Dwane - Casey was named NBA and Eastern Athletic Conference Conference coach of the month.
Dwane Casey was also named NBA and Eastern Athletic Conference Conference coach of the month.
Dwane Casey was also named the NBA and Eastern Conference head coach of the month.
Dwane Casey also was later unanimously named NBA Eastern Conference head coach of the month.
Dwane Casey, was named the NBA Eastern Collegiate Athletic Conference coach of the month.
Tommie Hardy will play both Kray twins again in making this a new film.
Tom Hardy will play both the both Kray - twins in a brand new film.
Tom Hardy will play both, of them the Kray twins in a new film.
Tom Hardy will play the both Krayer and Hardy twins in a new film.
Tommie Hardy will also play both Kray twins again in a brand new film.
Chiefs receiver, Willie Davis has been chosen as AFC AFC scoutman of the year.
Chiefs'wide - receiver Willie Davis has been chosen as AFC scout of the year.
Chiefs wide receiver Willie - Lee Davis has been chosen AFC scout of of the year.
Chiefs'wide receiver, Willie Davis has been the chosen AFC scout of the year.
Chiefs wide receiver Willie Lee - Davison has been chosen AFC scout of the year.
The last rand slumped to near a 2 1 / 2 - month low.
The second rand slumped down to a 2 - 1 / 2 month low.
The rand had slumped to nearing a 2 1 / 2 month low.
The last rand slumped down to a 2 1 1 / 2 month low.
The rand rate had slumped to a 2 1 1 / 2 month low.
Stuart Hallam has been stripped out of all his OBEs by the Queen.
Stuarts Hall has been also formally stripped of his OBE by HM the Queen.
Stuart Hall has since been stripped of all his OBE by HM and the Queen.
Stuart Hall has since then been stripped of his first OBE award by the Queen.
Stuarts Hall has since been stripped of his first honorary OBE by the Queen.
Tnak Group has acquired FOODesign.
Tna has since also acquired FOODesign.
Tnak has also acquired FOODesign.
Tnak Group has acquired FOODesign.
Tnak has also acquired FOODesign.
Acer has introduced two new ultrabooks aimed specifically for small - business users.
Acer USA has introduced two ultrabooks aimed specifically for its small business users.
Acer has also recently introduced two ultrabooks, aimed specifically for business users.
Acer Technology has introduced two ultrabooks aimed more specifically specifically for business users.
Acer has introduced two ultrabooks aimed more specifically specifically for small business users.
Poorer sleep quality during early pregnancy can disrupt immune system response processes and can lead to lower birth weights.
Poor sleep quality observed during pregnancy can also disrupt immune processes, and lead women to have lower birth weights.
Poorer maternal sleep quality during pregnancy can disrupt immune processes and can also lead women to lower birth weights.
Poor sleep quality conditions during early pregnancy can disrupt immune system response processes, and lead to lower birth weights.
Poor sleep quality during early stages in pregnancy can also disrupt immune processes and lead to lower maternal birth weights.
Stuart - Hall also retained both his IBF title via a technical draw in a bout with American Martin Ward.
Stuart Hallman retained his IBF title via technical majority majority draw, in a bout with American Martin Ward.
Stuart Hall retained both his IBF lightweight world title via technical draw in avoiding a controversial bout with Martin Ward.
Stuart - Hall retained his vacant IBF title via technical draw in November avoiding a bout with challenger Martin Ward.
Stuart Halloran retained both his IBF heavyweight title via technical knockout draw in a unification bout with Martin Ward.
Tunisian women activists have also travelled to Syria to wage a sex jihad.
Tunisian women who have travelled to Syria to fight waged sex jihad.
Tunisian women have travelled to Syria to help them wage a sex jihad.
Tunisian women have travelled to northern Syria to help wage a sex jihad.
Tunisian women may have travelled to Syria to help wage a sex jihad.
The Eiffel Tower was evacuated over a possible false nuclear bomb alert.
The Eiffel Tower Tower area was evacuated immediately over a bomb alert.
The Eiffel Tower Tower was evacuated over to receive a bomb alert.
The Eiffel Tower parking area was evacuated over a nuclear bomb alert.
The Eiffel Tower area was also temporarily evacuated over a bomb alert.
ALDI is set to open up a second grocery and departmental store in Lancaster County.
ALDI is set back - up to open a new second grocery store in Lancaster County.
ALDI is set to also open a brand new second grocery department store in Lancaster County.
ALDI is also set up to also open a second grocery store, in Lancaster County.
ALDIA is set up to open - up a second grocery store in Lancaster County.
The Vietnamese women's futsal team national team has won 3 1 against Indonesia.
The South - Vietnamese women's futsal national team won 3 1 against Indonesia.
The Vietnamese national women's futsal national team won the 3 1 against Indonesia.
The South Vietnamese women's futsal national team won 3 1s against Indonesia.
The Vietnamese women's futsal team national team has won 3 1 against Indonesia.
Pere Mertesackert and Tomas Rosicky, both have signed new contracts with Arsenal FC.
Per Mertesacker, and midfielder Tomas Rosicky have signed new contracts with the FC Arsenal FC.
Per Mertesacker and midfielder Tomas Rosicky both have signed two new professional contracts with Arsenal FC.
Pere van Mertesacker and Tomas Rosicky have signed to new contracts while with Arsenal FC.
Per Mertesacker and Tomas Rosicky, both have signed to new contracts with FC Arsenal FC.
The British orthodox Jewish charity Regentford House Ltd. has successfully appealed to the tribunal against accepting the regulator's refusal to remove it from the register.
The orthodox, Conservative Jewish charity Regentford Ltd has appealed to the tribunals against not paying for the regulator's refusal to remove from the register.
The orthodox Jewish charity Regentford Ltd has successfully appealed to the bankruptcy tribunals against the regulator's alleged refusal to remove Jews from use the register.
The orthodox Jewish banking charity Regentford Ltd. has appealed to the tribunal against the UK banking regulator's refusal to remove from and use the register.
The British orthodox Jewish charity Regentford Ltd has appealed to petition to the tribunal against all the regulator's previous refusals to remove from the register.
Flags will fly high overhead to honor a former Scranton soldier.
Flags will also fly to officially honor a former Scranton soldier.
Flags will be also fly to officially honor a Scranton soldier.
Flags will also fly out to honor such a Scranton soldier.
Flagships that will fly out to honor a Scranton soldier.
Joe Biden called for an immediate legal end to LGTB and workplace discrimination.
Joe Biden called Congress for bringing an end to LGTB and workplace discrimination.
Joe Biden called for bringing an end to LGTBs and workplace discrimination.
Joe Joe Biden called for bringing an end immediately to LGTB workplace discrimination.
Joe Biden called for bringing an end to the controversial LGTB workplace discrimination.
HARRISBURG, Joe Pa, and Pennsylvania Governor Tom Corbett today announced two new Governor's Schools for summer 2014.
HARRISBURG, & Pa, President Tom Corbett today announced that the two new Governor's Schools for summer 2014.
HARRISBURG, Pa, Tom and Corbett today announced two brand new new California Governor's Schools for summer 2014.
HARRISBURG, Pa, Tom and Corbett, today have announced two new Governor's Schools contracts for summer 2014.
HARRISBURG, Pa, and Tom Tom Corbett today announced two new Governor's Schools Partnership contracts for summer 2014.
Labour has threatened " to withdraw support " for the newly proposed HS2 rail project.
Labour also has threatened to temporarily withdraw support funding for the proposed HS2 rail project.
Labour also has threatened it has to temporarily withdraw support for the HS2 rail project.
Labour has also threatened to withdraw support " for the " proposed HS2 rail project.
Labour has threatened to withdraw support " for funding the proposed HS2 light rail project.
Martina Sablikova has defendeds of her 2012 Olympic speed skating title.
Martina Sablikova has defended her 2012 Olympic Games in speed skating title.
Martina Sablikova also has defendeds her Olympic speed - skating title.
Martina Sablikova also has defendeds her Olympic speed - skating title.
Martina Sablikova has successfully defended her 2012 Winter Olympic speed skating title.
SOASTA today announced also the upcoming launch of such a new CloudTest.
SOASTA today has announced the upcoming launch of a brand new CloudTest.
SOASTAY today announced is the upcoming launch of a new CloudTest.
SOASTA today announced also the launch of a new brand new CloudTest.
SOASTA today has announced for the launch of such a new CloudTest.
A third man was struck and killed, while still doing yard work.
A man nearby was also struck down and killed while doing yard work.
A young man, was struck down and killed while doing yard work.
A young man nearby, was struck and killed while doing yard work.
A man nearby was struck down and later killed while doing yard work.
Timo Michael Cahill, has led the tributes to retiring Mark Schwarzer.
Tim Cahill has led the tributes'group to retiring president Mark Schwarzer.
Tim Cahill has led to the tributes to both the retiring Mark Schwarzer.
Timo Cahill, has led the tributes to the retiring Mark Schwarzer.
Timo Cahill has led to the tributes to retiring coach Mark Schwarzer.
Rolex and the other Asian Poker Tour partners have extended their partnership.
Rolex Canada and the UCI Asian Tour have extended into their partnership.
Rolex and the Asian Tour have also extended ties into their partnership.
Rolex and on the Asian Tour have also extended into their partnership.
Rolex and the inaugural 2015 UCI Asian Tour have extended their partnership.
SWINDON The fight fans could not possibly not be in line for a treat this summer.
SWINDON The fight fans could be waiting in line, waiting for a treat this summer.
SWINDON fight show, fans could be in line for a special Christmas treat this summer.
SWINDON fight fans could be waiting in line waiting around for a special treat this summer.
SWINDON fight show fans really, could be in line for a treat later this summer.
The other four accused accused in the Zubair murder court case also escaped from the dock.
The four men accused in the Zubair Ali murder case also escaped from under the dock.
The other four men accused in the Zubair murder case also escaped death from the dock.
The two other four accused in the Zubair Ali murder - case escaped from the dock.
The four accused involved in the solving the Abu Zubair murder case escaped from the dock.
Wockhardt then spurted in on bargain hunting.
Wockhardt spurted him in on bargain hunting.
Wockhardt spurted him in on bargain hunting.
Wockhardt also spurted on his bargain hunting.
Wockhardt spurted in part on bargain hunting.
Microsoft also hates RDSH.
Microsoft also hates RDSH.
Microsoft also hates RDSH.
Microsoft also hates RDSH.
Microsoft also hates RDSH.
The Canadian economy had gained just over 29, 400 jobs in early January and the unemployment rate fell.
The entire Canadian economy gained 29, 400 new jobs almost annually in January and the unemployment rate fell.
The entire Canadian economy had gained over 29, 400 jobs in January 2007 and the unemployment rate fell.
The Canadian economy gained 29, 000 to 400 jobs annually in January and the national unemployment rate fell.
The Canadian economy gained 29, 400 new jobs in late January and then the unemployment - rate fell.
THE first rand was, but not pulling back from Friday's gains.
THE rand was, pulling me back from the previous Friday's gains.
THE next big bad rand was, pulling back from Friday's gains.
THE next rand was, someone pulling me back from Friday's gains.
THE next rand was, right after pulling back from Friday's gains.
The purpose of this new guideline is intended also to help present recommendations for endoscopy safety management units in both implementing and prioritizing safety efforts.
The purpose today of this new medical safety policy guideline is to present recommendations for endoscopy units in implementing programs, and prioritizing safety efforts.
The purpose, of implementing this brand new guideline, is to help present recommendations for endoscopy units in implementing and prioritizing patient safety efforts.
The purpose of this new guideline is to help present recommendations specifically designed for endoscopy to units directly involved in implementing and prioritizing safety efforts.
The primary purpose of this new guideline is also to help present safety recommendations for endoscopy units involved in implementing programs and prioritizing safety efforts.
The stock - markets will not rise again in 2014.
The current stock markets'index will rise in 2014.
The stock - options market markets will rise in 2014.
The stock markets will also rise again starting in 2014.
The stock market markets will also rise starting in 2014.
Cisco Systems Inc. agreed to buy Sourcefire Inc. for only about US US $ 2. 5 7 billion.
Cisco Systems, USA Inc., agreed to buy Sourcefire Inc., for about $ 2. 7 billion.
Cisco Systems Systems, Inc. agreed to buy out Sourcefire, Inc. for about $ 2. 7 billion.
Cisco Systems Inc. also agreed to eventually buy Sourcefire Inc. for about USM $ 2. 7 billion.
Cisco Systems Systems Inc. agreed to buy - buy out Sourcefire Inc. for about $ 2. 7 billion.
The very first A350 aircraft, bearing Qatari Airways blue livery took to the skies.
The first Airbus A350 aircraft, bearing Qatar Airways livery took off to clear the skies.
The first Airbus A350 passenger aircraft, bearing Qatar Airways blue livery took to the skies.
The very very first A350 aircraft bearing Qatari Airways livery also took to the skies.
The first Airbus A350 aircraft bearing Qatar Airways livery then took off taking to the skies.
# A young Payson County police man died after crashing.
# A young Payson man died, shortly after crashing.
# # A Payson man had almost died after crashing.
# A young Payson County man died shortly after crashing.
# # A Payson - County man died after crashing.
A woman was also later successfully airlifted to hospital shortly after a rollover near Brampton.
A woman was airlifted to nearby a hospital after suffering a plane rollover near Brampton.
A woman passenger was later airlifted to hospital after a plane rollover occurred near Brampton.
A young woman was later airlifted to hospital after allegedly suffering a rollover near Brampton.
A woman was airlifted safely back to hospital, shortly after a rollover near Brampton.
Other witnesses also, could testify against Aaron and Hernandez in a possible wrongful death suit.
Other witnesses could testify directly or against defendant Aaron Hernandez in a wrongful - death suit.
Other witnesses could also testify against Aaron and Hernandez, in filing a wrongful death suit.
Other potential prosecution witnesses could testify against Aaron and Angel Hernandez in a wrongful death suit.
Other potential prosecution witness witnesses who could testify against Aaron Hernandez in a wrongful death suit.
A very - large coal train derailed in Caledonia, Wis.
A large coal train derailed in northern New Caledonia, Wis.
A large coal train was derailed in New Caledonia, Wis.
A coal - train passenger train derailed in Caledonia, Wis.
A coal train was derailed, possibly in Caledonia, Wis.
A mobile money - flow - transfer service was launched for all Rajasthan's 250 post offices.
A mobile money transfer service service was launched for Rajasthan's over - 250 rural post offices.
A new mobile money transfer service was launched for all Rajasthan's over 2500 post offices.
A mobile money transfer service service was launched for the Rajasthan's over - 250 post offices.
A new mobile telephone money transfer service was also launched for all Rajasthan's 250 post offices.
A college - graduate student survived a terrible nightmare at sea.
A college graduate student survived a nightmare attack while at sea.
A college student survived a particularly terrible nightmare while at sea.
A college student who survived from a nightmare while at sea.
A college graduate student survived from a nightmare while at sea.
A young Bridgeport man he is facing dies after threatening to accidentally kill a bus driver.
A Bridgeport man is seen facing after, threatening him not to kill a bus driver.
A former Bridgeport County police man is facing after threatening him to kill a bus driver.
A young Bridgeport police man is facing after threatening him to kill a school bus driver.
A Bridgeport area police man is facing charges after allegedly threatening to kill a bus driver.
Beck has also recently announced an upcoming North American tour.
Beck has announced for 2018 an upcoming North American tour.
Beck has also announced an North North - American tour.
Beck has also announced an upcoming North - American tour.
Beck has announced for 2018 an North - American tour.
A woman committed a mass suicide after she herself was raped.
A young woman later committed suicide after she herself was raped.
A woman committed suicide, shortly after she herself was raped.
A young woman who later committed suicide after she was raped.
A woman committed a mass suicide shortly after she was raped.
Her guide dog was brutally repeatedly attacked, killed and injured.
Her beloved guide - dog was brutally, attacked and injured.
Her personal guide - dog was brutally - attacked and injured.
Her personal dog guide dog, was brutally attacked and injured.
Her guide dog was also brutally attacked, killed and injured.
A young woman who was found shot dead in the nearby Lower 9th Ward has been not yet positively identified by the coroner.
A woman, who allegedly was found shot dead in the Lower 9th Street Ward has since been identified by calling the coroner.
A woman, who was found dead in the nearby, Lower East 9th Ward, has not been identified by the coroner.
A young woman who was found dead, in inmate the Lower 9th Ward, has been positively identified by the coroner.
A woman who allegedly killed herself was found dead in the Lower 9th Street Ward and she has been identified by the coroner.
C & C Group stockholders will transfer to the new premium listing segment.
CG & C Group stock will also transfer to the premium listing segment.
C & C Capital Capital Management Group will transfer to the premium listing segment.
C & C & C Group will transfer to the new premium listing segment.
C & C Group will also transfer ownership to the new premium listing segment.
Betting rights was today suspended on player, Julio Cesar joining Leeds United.
Betting rights was today suspended on Julio Cesare joining from Leeds United.
Betting was today permanently suspended on Sir Sir Julio Cesar joining Leeds United.
Betting was today suspended based solely on player Julio Cesar joining Leeds United.
Betting was today suspended based on Julio Di Cesare joining Leeds United.
Craig Ferguson will step - back down as host of the The Late Late Late Show.
Craig Ferguson will step down as host of the new The Late Late Late Late Show.
Craig Ferguson will step - back down as the host of the The Late Late Show.
Craig Ferguson, will step down, as host of The Late Late Late Late Show.
Craig Ferguson will later also step down as host emeritus of, The Late Late Show.
Hayes & Yeading remain champions after almost immediately being swept - aside by Gosport Borough.
Hayes & Yeading remain champions after being narrowly swept - aside by champions Gosport Borough.
Hayes & West Sutton Yeading remain after being swept aside again by the Gosport Borough.
Hayes & Yeading will remain open after being completely swept aside by the Gosport Borough.
Hayes & Yeading remain unchanged after almost being completely swept aside by the Gosport Borough.
A European Broadcasting - Union delegation arrived in Cairo, for talks.
A European Broadcasting Union delegation arrived in New York Cairo for talks.
A joint European Broadcasting Union delegation arrived in New Cairo for talks.
A small European Economic Community Union delegation arrived in Cairo for talks.
A small British European Union diplomatic delegation arrived in Cairo for talks.
A Cherry Creek County woman passed out and was arrested while on the drug, DWI.
A Cherry Creek woman passed out and was arrested on using of the drug, DWI.
A Cherry Creek Creek, woman who passed out, was arrested on drug, DWI.
A Cherry - Creek County woman passed - out was arrested on the drug, DWI.
A pregnant Cherry Creek woman who passed out was arrested based solely on drug, DWI.
The Air Force Academy also removed a school Bible with verse being posted on a cadet's whiteboard.
The Air Force Military Academy removed only half a Bible verse posted on to a cadet's whiteboard.
The Air Expeditionary Air Force Academy removed only from a Bible verse posted on a cadet's whiteboard.
The Air Force Academy removed a Bible in verse posted on a young male aviation cadet's whiteboard.
The Air Force Academy removed only a single Bible verse posted online on a college cadet's whiteboard.
Police officers who are investigating an alleged armed robbery case in Frederick.
Police officers who are also currently investigating an armed robbery in Frederick.
Police department officers are also investigating an armed robbery case in Frederick.
Police and officers are investigating an alleged armed robbery case in Frederick.
Police and officers are investigating for an armed robbery case in Frederick.
Facebook is currently not preparing for any major changes in 2014.
Facebook Group is preparing plans for major policy changes in 2014.
Facebook Group is preparing for major policy making changes in 2014.
Facebook is currently preparing for major policy changes beginning in 2014.
Facebook Group is also currently preparing for major changes in 2014.
Thousands " " of Ukrainians are now fleeing into Russia.
Thousands " " of Ukrainians are also fleeing into Russia.
Thousands of Ukrainians who are now fleeing back into Russia.
Thousands more of Ukrainians there are also fleeing into Russia.
Thousands of Ukrainians are also now fleeing back into Russia.
The then new Kuwaiti government resigned.
The Kuwaiti interim interim government resigned.
The new ruling Kuwaiti government resigned.
The new Kuwaiti interim government resigned.
The Kuwaiti military interim government resigned.
Officials say there were only the three dogs not involved directly involved in the attack.
Officials also say there probably were only three dogs directly involved " in the attack.
Officials also say that, there were only three dogs involved specifically in the attack.
Officials say that there were still only three police dogs involved in planning the attack.
Officials also say there still were only the three dogs involved in planning the attack.
A Santa - Santa Barbara County Police officer shot a suspect.
A retired, Santa Barbara Police Department officer shot a suspect.
A retired Santa Barbara Police Department police officer shot a suspect.
A Santa Barbara County Park Police officer shot dead a suspect.
A retired Santa Barbara Police officer had also shot a suspect.
The potential economic downfall of rupee is also set to hit - off the trade with Pakistan through Attari border.
The economic downfall of rupee is set to also hit the trade routes connecting with Pakistan passing through Attari border.
The downfall of the rupee tax is set up to also negatively hit the trade with Pakistan through Attari border.
The downfall of rupee coin is set to also hit the trade route along with Pakistan through the Attari border.
The downfalls of the rupee is set to hit the international trade with East Pakistan, through Attari border.
Sudanese Vice President Mohamed Salva Kiir arrived back in Addis Ababa.
Sudanese President Salvah Kiiru arrived back in Addis Ababa.
Sudanese Vice President Salvah Kiiru arrived in Addis Ababa.
Sudanese President Mohamed Salva Kiir arrived first in the Addis Ababa.
Sudanese Vice President Mohamed Salva Kiiru arrived in Addis Ababa.
Starbucks announced its pledge to help hire well over 10, 000 veterans.
Starbucks announced its pledge to hire well over 10, 000 000 veterans.
Starbucks also announced that its campaign pledge to hire 10, 000 veterans.
Starbucks has also announced its campaign pledge to hire 10, 000 veterans.
Starbucks announced this in its campaign pledge to hire 10, 000 veterans.
Congress candidate elected from the Meenakshi Natarajan constituency does not legally own any immovable property.
Congress candidate from constituency Meenakshi Natarajan does not not legally own any any immovable property.
Congress Party candidate from constituency Meenakshi Natarajan does not not legally own any immovable property.
Congress - candidate from Meenakshi - Natarajan does not yet legally own any immovable property.
Congress candidate MLA from Meenakshi Natarajan does not own any or any other immovable property.
Adele enjoyed not having a date night a typical Lady Gaga gig.
Adele enjoyed a special date night a special Lady of Gaga gig.
Adele enjoyed a special special date night at a Lady Gaga gig.
Adele enjoyed having a date one night a typical Lady Gaga gig.
Adele enjoyed a surprise date one night a typical Lady Gaga gig.
The dollar held declines before a government financial report begins to show US dollar retail sales.
The dollar also held declines before a report failed, to show the US retail sales.
The dollar held several declines before a report submitted to Congress show US dollar retail sales.
The US dollar held declines before making a detailed report to Congress show US retail sales.
The dollar market held declines before a report failed to show true US dollar retail sales.
Australian businesses are losing A $ $ 720 for every single negative customer experience, which could impact.
Australian businesses are losing over $ 720 for almost - half every negative customer experience, could impact.
Australian Government small scale businesses are losing over $ 720 for every negative customer experience, could impact.
Australian businesses, that are losing $ $. 720 for every negative customer experience, could impact.
Australian based businesses, that are losing $ 720 for every single negative customer experience, could impact.
The government is also actively actively working towards relaxation of curbs on the illegal gold imports.
The government also is working towards relaxation of the curbs on all the foreign gold imports.
The government is working actively towards relaxations of all the curbs on the gold imports.
The Indian government also is working towards relaxation of the strict curbs on the gold imports.
The Indian government is also working towards relaxations of curbs on the Indian gold imports.
Power is being restored once again, after a wind storm.
Power line is being temporarily restored after experiencing a wind storm.
Power is currently being temporarily - restored after a wind storm.
Power supply is being restored, after experiencing a wind storm.
Power is being restored after recently again experiencing a wind storm.
Media practitioners in Myanmar also may need to also exercise greater responsibility in conducting their reporting.
Media relations practitioners in rural Myanmar need to exercise a greater responsibility in conducting their reporting.
Media relations practitioners working in Myanmar need them to exercise greater editorial responsibility in their reporting.
Media practitioners working in Myanmar need to exercise a greater responsibility in conducting all their reporting.
Media practitioners in rural Myanmar need them to also exercise greater responsibility in conducting their reporting.
Technology, shortages and declining consumer shares led the decline.
Technology shortages and consumer shares led directly to the decline.
Technology shortages and consumer shares may have led the decline.
Technology, shortages, and consumer shares led the decline.
Technology and consumer market shares have led to the decline.
A young Brockton Essex County woman has been charged with selling heroin.
A Brockton woman has been charged with illegally illegally - selling heroin.
A Brockton County jail woman has been falsely charged with selling heroin.
A Brockton woman, who has been falsely charged with selling heroin.
A Brockton woman has been recently charged with illegally illegally selling heroin.
Jese Rodriguez and Alvaro Moratas will also start in leg 2 against Schalke 04.
Jesem Rodriguez, and Alvaro Morata will start the second leg against Schalke 04.
Jesem Rodriguez and Juan Alvaro de Morata will also start leg against Schalke 04.
Jese Rodriguez, and goalkeeper Alvaro Morata, who will start leg against Schalke 04.
Jesem Rodriguez and Alvaro Morata will start their leg match against FC Schalke 04.
HALFS OF Irish British people living abroad don't always expect to make home visits at Christmas.
HALFSE OF Irish American people living abroad don't even expect to make home at Christmas.
HALFS OF Irish American people living up abroad don't expect them to make home at Christmas.
HALF OF the Irish people living abroad who don't really expect to ever make home at Christmas.
HALF OF Irish American people living abroad don't expect to ever make any home visits at Christmas.
A South Lake Tahoe police station woman was also arrested after leading on to a car chase.
A South Lake Tahoe woman was arrested, after allegedly leading police on to a car chase.
A South Lake Tahoe woman was also arrested, after allegedly allegedly leading on a car chase.
A South Lake - Lake Tahoe woman was also arrested after leading police on a car chase.
A South Lake Tahoe woman was also arrested, after leading on to such a car chase.
Katy Perry, which has upset Muslims.
Katy Perry, has also upset Muslims.
Katy - Perry has also upset Muslims.
Katy - Perry which has upset Muslims.
Katy Perry has reportedly also upset Muslims.
School travel service trips are not directly linked to future American high school career success.
School and travel service trips are directly linked to both their future and career success.
School travel service trips that are directly linked to their future education and career success.
School travel and service trips are not always directly linked to their future career success.
School bus trips and travel service trips are directly linked to future student career success.
A recent workplace incident at a downtown Chicago construction site has led to injuries to a worker.
A workplace construction accident incident occurring at a downtown construction site has not led to a worker.
A workplace incident, at a downtown construction project site, has led to killing a worker.
A workplace incident at one such a downtown Chicago building construction site has led to a worker.
A more - recent workplace incident at a nearby downtown construction site has led to a worker.
Macquarie reiterated their high outperforming rating on their shares of Tesco PLC.
Macquarie reiterated their high outperform rating on shares sales of the Tesco PLC.
Macquarie also publicly reiterated that their outperform rating on shares of Tesco PLC.
Macquarie also reiterated their outperform rating on shares of both the Tesco PLC.
Macquarie reiterated their outperforming rating on their shares of the Tesco PLC.
The ruling opposition UK National Independence Party will not produce a manifesto for organising the elections.
The UK Independence Party itself will not even produce such as a manifesto for the elections.
The ruling and opposition UK Independence Party will not produce a manifesto suitable for the elections.
The UK National and Independence Party itself will not produce a manifesto specifically for the elections.
The new ruling UK Independence Parliamentary Party will not produce such a manifesto for the elections.
11 non - Congress and non - BJP political and political parties joined hands as per a block in Parliament.
11 non non - Congress and non - BJP political political parties joined their hands as a block in Parliament.
11 non - Congress and non - BJP political parties have also joined hands as a block party in Parliament.
11 non - Congress party and non - Congress BJP parties joined their hands as a legislative block in Parliament.
11 non - Congress party and non - BJP political alliance parties have joined hands as a block in Parliament.
Commercial Bank Qatar is the Lead Global Sponsor of the Euromoney Qatari Summit 2013 Conference.
Commercial Investments International Bank is the Lead Sponsor of the annual Euromoney Qatar 2013 Conference.
Commercial Bank is also the Lead Global Sponsor of the annual Euromoney Qatari 2013 Conference.
Commercial Bank is the Lead Global Business Sponsor of the Euromoney - Qatari 2013 Conference.
Commercial Bank is the Group - Lead Global Sponsor of, the Euromoney Qatar 2013 Conference.
The constitution guarantees the equal political rights available to the minorities.
The constitution guarantees equal political rights to all of the minorities.
The constitution guarantees all the equal rights available to the minorities.
The new Albanian constitution guarantees equal rights to all the minorities.
The constitution guarantees equal rights as granted to all the minorities.
Their Windows Phone apps have hit well, with over 3 billion downloads.
Their Windows Phone 7 apps sold alone have hit over 3 billion downloads.
Their Windows Phone apps have hit with well over $ 3 billion downloads.
Their Windows Phone - 7 apps have now hit over 3 billion downloads.
Their Windows Phone apps worldwide have now hit over 3 - billion downloads.
Johnson, of Health Tech, is recalling the trainers and ellipticals.
Johnson, Health Tech, is recalling personal trainers, and ellipticals.
Johnson, of Health Tech, is currently recalling trainers and ellipticals.
Johnson Health Tech, which is recalling trainers, elevators and ellipticals.
Johnson Health & Tech, which today is recalling trainers and ellipticals.
MasterCard International has joined with the Alliance.
MasterCard Chess International has joined the Alliance.
MasterCard has joined forces with the Alliance.
MasterCard has long since joined the Alliance.
MasterCard International also has joined the Alliance.
Neiman Marcus has said that about 1. 1 million cardsets may have already been hacked.
Neiman Marcuse himself has said about 1. 5 1 million cards may have been hacked.
Neiman Marcus Marcus said that about 1. 1 million credit cards may have already been hacked.
Neiman Marcus said about a $ 1. 1 million cardset that may have been hacked.
Neiman Marcus has said about which 1. 1 - million cards may not have been hacked.
SPML Infratech Limited, has received two new cash orders, worth Rs. 721 crores.
SPML - Infra Limited has received all the two new cash orders worth Rs. 721 crores.
SPML Infra Limited has received two new cash orders worth around Rs. - 1 721 crores.
SPML Infra Limited, of Hyderabad has received the two new orders worth Rs. 721 crores.
SPML - Infratech Limited has received two major new orders worth around Rs. 721 crores.
Daboom Malik, has turned scriptwriter.
Daboom Malik, has turned scriptwriter.
Daboon Malik has also turned scriptwriter.
Daboom Malik has also turned scriptwriter.
Daboo Malik, has also turned scriptwriter.
Residents'Committees must also better adjust to changing local needs and norms.
Residents'Committees also must better adjust to changing local needs and norms.
Residents'Committees also must adjust to the constantly changing needs and norms.
Residents'Advisory Committees members must also adjust to changing needs and norms.
Residents'' Committees must adjust accordingly according to changing needs and norms.
It provided, the new generation Motorola Moto - G gets a price cut to rival, the Tesco Mobile.
It provided, the Motorola Moto - Geo gets quite a price - tag cut to rival Tesco Mobile.
It provided, the first brand new Motorola brand Moto G gets a similar price cut to rival Tesco Mobile.
It provided, the Motorola, and the Moto G gets a very similar price cut to rival Tesco Mobile.
It provided, that the Motorola Moto Geo Mobile gets quite a price cut to rival the Tesco Mobile.
Jedda Smith - Anderson has been released from a Darwin hospital.
Jed Anderson has recently also been released from a West Darwin hospital.
Jedda Anderson has been released early on from a Darwin hospital.
Jed Anderson has been released from a South West Coast Darwin hospital.
Jed Anderson, has just recently been released from a Darwin hospital.
Sri Lanka has also achieved the second highest - ever revenue from tea exports in 2013.
Sri - Lanka has achieved the highest ever revenue from tea - exports, in 2013.
Sri - Lanka has achieved also the highest ever export revenue from tea exports in 2013.
Sri - Lanka achieved the highest - ever revenue generated from its tea exports in 2013.
Sri Lanka Tea has achieved the highest ever revenue from its tea exports, in 2013.
Authorities are investigating for the possible turbulence aboard a flight.
Authorities are investigating possible electrical turbulence aboard such a flight.
Authorities are investigating the turbulence and conditions aboard a flight.
Authorities, who are investigating the turbulence aboard a flight.
Authorities are investigating turbulence conditions aboard for such a flight.
Wendy - Ann Davis released details about the new announcement plans.
Wendy - Ann Davis has released details about the announcement plans.
Wendy Ann Davis has released no details about the announcement plans.
Wendy Davis released details about the new third season announcement plans.
Wendy - Ann Davis released details about the new announcement plans.
Blackstone Group LP had already raised over US $ 5 billion for its second rescue fund and lending fund.
Blackstone Capital Management Group LP had raised $ $ 5 billion for its second rescue fund and lending fund.
Blackstone Financial Services Group. LPG Group had raised $ 5 billion for its second rescue lending fund.
Blackstone Group LPGs had already already raised $ 5 billion USD for its second rescue lending fund.
Blackstone Group LP had already raised $ $ 5 billion USD annually for its second rescue fund lending fund.
Dom Morris, who scored as against the Boston State University survived a furious late rally led by John Bucknell and held on for a a 64 61 win.
Dom Morris, who scored as Boston State University survived a not particularly over - furious late rally by Bucknell, and held on for a 64 61 win.
Domo Morris, who scored as the Boston State University survived from a furious late rally by Bucknell and held it on for a Tech 64 61 win.
Domo Morris, scored as Boston University survived from a furious late rally by Bucknell and then held on tightly for almost a a 64 61 win.
Dom Morris, who scored as at rival Boston University, survived a furious late - afternoon rally by Bucknell and held on for a 63 64 61 win.
Yahoo Inc. has nominated three new executive board members to its board.
Yahoo Inc has nominated its three new members to join on its board.
Yahoo Inc has nominated all three potential new board members to its board.
Yahoo Inc has nominated three other potential new board members to its board.
Yahoo Inc., has nominated three new members to join its board.
The great Utah Jazz, waiving Mike Harris just doesn't cause.
The Utah Jazz waiving support of Mikey Harris doesn't cause.
The Utah Jazz Utah Jazz, waiving Mike Harris doesn't cause.
The Utah Jazz'waiving Mike Harris contract just doesn't cause.
The new Utah Jazz waiving coach Mikey Harris doesn't cause.
Kuwait is ranked as the first in the terms number of Arab investments in the Comoros.
Kuwait is currently also ranked first in the terms number of Arab investments in the Comoros.
Kuwaiti is also ranked first in terms of Arab investments made in developing the Comoros.
Kuwaiti is also ranked first in the terms of total Arab investments in the Comoros.
Kuwait is ranked as first globally in the terms number of Arab investments in the Comoros.
Broncos'safety, Rahimi Moore underwent emergency surgery.
Broncos'safety, linebacker Rahim Moore underwent emergency surgery.
Broncos safety, Rahim Moore also underwent an emergency surgery.
Broncos'safety Rahim Moorer also underwent emergency surgery.
Broncos safety, linebacker Rahimi Moore underwent emergency surgery.
A Saskatoon, black man, has been charged with child luring.
A Saskatoon man has also been charged with being a child luring.
A Saskatoon man has also also been recently charged with child luring.
A Saskatoon man has also been recently been charged with child luring.
A Saskatoon man has also been recently been charged with child luring.
President Late Shri Pranab Mukherjee has cleared retro - promulgation of SEBI ordinance.
President Shri Pranab Mukherjee has also cleared retro - promulgation of SEBI ordinance.
President Pranab Mukherjee has also successfully cleared re - promulgations of SEBI ordinance.
President Pranab Roy Mukherjee has cleared the retro - promulgation of SEBI ordinance.
President Pranab Mukherjee has cleared re - enacted promulgations ahead of SEBI ordinance.
JetBlue Airways, today announces a new partnership with Inter - American and Technical University of Western Puerto Rico.
JetBlue Airways today announces a new strategic partnership with the Inter - American Technical Technical University of Puerto Rico.
JetBlue Airways today also announces a new strategic strategic partnership with Inter - American University System of Puerto Rico.
JetBlue Caribbean Airways today announces a new strategic partnership with the Inter - American Technical University of Puerto Rico.
JetBlue Airways today announces a new strategic partnership with, the Inter - American University of Central Puerto Rico.
Old pickup trucks, tractors, will be available for auction.
Old pickup trucks, and tractors, will be for auction.
Old pickup trucks, tractors will probably all be for auction.
Old pickup trucks, even tractors, will be for auction.
Old trucks, old tractors, cars will be for auction.
Johnston Press continues to actively help get it rid of its debt.
Johnston Press continues to get rid itself of of all its debt.
Johnston Press continues to help get rid of itself of its debt.
Johnston Press continues working hard to get itself rid of its debt.
Johnston Press still continues to get rid of almost all its debt.
Baylor Bears standout quarterback, Don Trull has been inducted into both the College Football and Football Hall of Fame.
Baylor University standout quarterback, quarterback Don Trull, has been inducted into the Baylor College Football Hall of Fame.
Baylor Bears'standout, quarterback Don Trull has been inducted posthumously into to the College Football Hall of Fame.
Baylor standout quarterback Donnie Trull has also posthumously been posthumously inducted into both the College Football Hall of Fame.
Baylor standout former quarterback Don Trullman has been inducted into the Baylor College of American Football Hall of Fame.
British MPs have voted unanimously to unanimously reject military military action in Syria.
British MPs have voted unanimously unanimously to unanimously reject military action in Syria.
British MPs have also voted to reject any military action taken in Syria.
British MPs have voted unanimously to unanimously reject military action taken in Syria.
British MPs who have also voted to reject British military action in Syria.
Seven people were also killed when a small lorry fell into a tank.
Seven people were killed a lorry driver fell upside down into a tank.
Seventeen people were killed a local lorry driver fell into a tank.
Seventeen people were killed when a lorry fell back into a tank.
Seven people were killed a very small lorry fell down into a tank.
Dwane Casey believes teams where not playing for pride can also be dangerous.
Dwane - Casey believes teams playing for the prides can be dangerous.
Dwane Casey believes teams not playing for pride can sometimes also be dangerous.
Dwane Casey believes that teams playing for national pride can also be dangerous.
Dwane Casey also believes teams playing football just for pride can be dangerous.
New - York Jets Jets receiver Santonio Holmeson was moved to the 2017 active roster.
New York Jets Jets wide receiver Santonio Holmesonna was moved to the active roster.
New New - York Jets receiver, Santonio Holmes was moved to the 2017 active roster.
New York Jets receiver Santonion Holmes was moved up there to join the active roster.
New - York Jets receiver Santonio Holmeson was also moved back to the active roster.
Sean Penn had screamed at such a fan.
Sean Penn had screamed something at a fan.
Sean Penn screamed something wildly at a fan.
Sean shouted and Penn screamed at a fan.
Sean and Penn screamed at like a fan.
A tiny kiwi egg is also found in what the north central North Island is.
A tiny white kiwi or bird egg found only in the central North Island is.
A tiny kiwi - egg found in what is the central southern North Island is.
A single single tiny kiwi egg is found in the central North East Island is.
A single tiny kiwi egg found only in the south central North East Island is.
A Pontiac police station man has been arrested after surviving an road - rage shooting.
A Pontiac man has also been recently arrested after allegedly surviving an road rage shooting.
A young Pontiac man has recently been arrested after an apparent road - rage shooting.
A Pontiac man has been arrested after surviving an earlier, road - rage shooting.
A young Pontiac police man has recently also been arrested after an road rage shooting.
Steiner Leisure Group Limited today has also announced it has entered into into a new agreement, with Norwegian Cruise Line.
Steiners Leisure Group Limited today announced it has entered it directly into a new agreement with the Norwegian Cruise Line.
Steiner Leisure Group Limited today announced, that year it has entered into a new agreement with the Norwegian Cruise Line.
Steiners Leisure Group Limited today announced that it has entered into a new cruise lease agreement with Norwegian Cruise Line.
Steiner Leisure Group Limited has today announced it and has entered into a new agreement with Norwegian Viking Cruise Cruise Line.
US college college entrance test, like on the SAT, gets a revamp.
US college entrance test, the US public college SAT, gets a revamp.
US college entrance test, the US public college SAT, gets a revamp.
USP college entrance exam final test, the SAT, gets a revamp.
US college entrance exam test, like the SAT, gets quite a revamp.
Kim Kardashian also always wants more kids.
Kim Kardashian also always wants more kids.
Kim Kardashian also always wants more kids.
Kimi Kardashian also wants more kids.
Kimi Kardashian also wants more kids.
Cesare Prandelli himself, has warned his players.
Cesare Prandelli has not warned all his players.
Cesare Antonio De Prandelli has warned his players.
Cesare Prandelli has not warned all his players.
Cesare Antonio De Prandelli has warned his players.
Laura Robson has withdrawn from playing Great Britain's very first and upcoming Fed Cup tie.
Laura May Robson, has withdrawn from Great - Great Britain's upcoming Fed Cup tie.
Laura May Robson, has withdrawn from Great Britain's very first upcoming Fed Cup tie.
Laura Robson has also withdrawn early from Great Britain - Britain's upcoming Fed Cup tie.
Laura Robson has also officially withdrawn Australia from the Great Britain's upcoming Fed Cup tie.
OXFAM also will soon be cutting off of up to 125 jobs and closing regional offices.
OXFAM Media will soon also be cutting up to 125 jobs and closing its regional offices.
OXFAM will also also be considering cutting down up to 125 jobs and closing regional offices.
OXFAM will also be considering considering cutting up to 125 jobs and closing its regional offices.
OXFAM will be gradually considering cutting up to 125 jobs and closing its three regional offices.
The city has just never really been better.
The city has just never really been better.
The city has never really even been better.
The city itself has never really been better.
The city has probably just never been better.
Aaron and Hernandez also later was involved in a altercation.
Aaron Hernandez and Hernandez also was involved in a altercation.
Aaron Hernandez was also also reportedly involved in a altercation.
Aaron and Hernandez both also was involved in a altercation.
Aaron Hernandez also was also reportedly involved in a altercation.
The NFL matchup between the Denver Broncos and Houston Texans, which is also now just one of two teams, heading in totally opposite directions.
The matchup between the Denver Broncos and Houston Houston Texans is now one NFL team out of two NFL playoff teams heading in totally opposite directions.
The matchup between both the Denver Broncos and Houston Texans is also now one of the two NFL teams heading in totally in the opposite directions.
The matchup between the Denver Broncos Broncos and now the rival Houston Texans, is now one of the two teams heading in totally opposite directions.
The matchup game between the Denver Broncos'and Houston Texans is now one of two different teams heading in, totally going in opposite directions.
Bigger Country residents were also encouraged to help clean out medicine cabinets.
Big Country County residents were encouraged not to clean - out medicine cabinets.
Bigger Hill Country residents were encouraged to clean - out medicine cabinets.
Big Country residents were encouraged to clean - up out their medicine cabinets.
Big Country area residents also, were encouraged to clean out medicine cabinets.
Jefferies made upgrades to Microsoft from A Hold to Buy.
Jefferies upgrades to Microsoft Windows from Hold Up to Buy.
Jefferies upgrades to Microsoft from In A Hold to Buy.
Jefferies upgrades to save Microsoft from Hold Up to Buy.
Jefferies also also upgrades Microsoft from Hold Up to Buy.
A man has been formally been charged twice with burglary.
A local young man has also been charged with burglary.
A man has also been recently been charged with burglary.
A man who has also been falsely charged with burglary.
A young man who has been falsely charged with burglary.
Femi Kutiya has recently arrived in Ghana.
Femiye Kuti has recently arrived in Ghana.
Femi Kutiya has recently arrived in Ghana.
Femi Kuti has recently arrived back in Ghana.
Femi Kutiya has recently arrived in Ghana.
Nigeria also loses far more money to mineral rights theft than oil.
Nigeria loses more oil and money to mineral thefts than oil.
Nigeria also loses more money to mineral rights thefts than oil.
Nigeria loses far more money due to the mineral theft than oil.
Nigeria also loses more money due to mineral rights theft than oil.
Public elementary - schools will be closed today.
Public schools will be almost completely closed today.
Public schools that will be completely closed today.
Public schools that remain will be closed today.
Public schools that remain will be closed today.
Scorpion will also target the entire US specialty casualty market.
Scorpion will target the US specialty and medical casualty market.
Scor will target the US based global specialty and casualty market.
Scorpion will target the US based specialty and casualty market.
Scor will now also primarily target the US specialty casualty market.
Washington Real - Estate Investments Trust agreed to sell its property portfolio for over a US $ 500. 8 million, marking its first major exit from the medical segment.
Washington Real Estate Investment Trust agreed to eventually, sell its portfolio for a $ 500. 5 8 million, marking - off its exit strategy from entering the medical segment.
Washington Real Estate and Investments Trust agreed to sell its portfolio for over a $ $ 500. 8 million, thus marking its exit away from entering the medical segment.
Washington Real - Real Estate Investment Trust agreed to eventually sell its property portfolio for over a $ 500. 8 million, thus marking its exit away from the medical segment.
Washington Real - Estate Investment Trust Company agreed to sell off its portfolio for only a reported $ $ 500. 8 million, marking its exit from entering the medical segment.
They're, but David and Beckham led me all the way.
They're, " all but David Beckham, led the way.
They're, all but David, and Beckham led the way.
They were all're, but David Beckham led all the way.
They're, but David Beckham has led all of the way.
Roger Federer should play until what he believes himself is 60.
Roger said Federer should play until he himself himself is 60.
Roger and Federer should play tennis until he himself is 60.
Roger Federer should play tennis again until he himself is 60.
Roger said Federer should not play until after he is 60.
Robert Lee MacNeil discusses hearing and not bumping into, Lee Harvey Oswald.
Robert MacNeil discusses hearing and bumping into Lee Oswald. - Harvey Oswald.
Robert Lee - MacNeil discusses his hearing and bumping into Lee Harvey Oswald.
Robert MacNeil discusses hearing the voices and then bumping into Lee Harvey Oswald.
Robert MacNeil discusses hearing and not not bumping up into Lee Harvey Oswald.
A dead schoolboy can also sometimes be named.
A dead schoolboy also sometimes can be named.
A recently dead schoolboy also can be named.
A recently dead schoolboy also can be named.
A presumed dead young schoolboy can be named.
Japanese director Hayao Miyazaki currently has no plans to retire.
Japanese director, Hayao Miyazaki, has plans to retire.
Japanese director Hayaokazu said Miyazaki plans to retire.
Japanese independent film director Hayaoka Miyazaki plans to retire.
Japanese director, director Hayao Miyazaki, plans to retire.
Andy Reid still hasn't decided to rest his starters yet, against the San Diego.
Andy Reid hasn't even decided to rest his two starters just yet against San Diego.
Andy Reid still just hasn't decided to rest his two starters yet against San Diego.
Andy : " But Reid hasn't decided to lay rest his starters against San Diego.
Andy Reid - Reid still hasn't yet decided to rest his starters against San Diego.
A cat was used for target practice but has not survived being accidentally shot at by firing an arrow.
A cat was reportedly also once used for target shooting practice has survived being shot at by an arrow.
A black cat was also once used for target practice has not survived being accidentally shot by an arrow.
A black cat was once used for target shooting practice and has not survived being shot by an arrow.
A black cat was also once used for target practice has not survived being shot by firing an arrow.
An exorcism or a ritual went wrong.
An exorcism ritual, that went wrong.
An exorcism ritual or ritual went wrong.
An entire exorcism ritual that went wrong.
An exorcism ritual, that went wrong.
EE will be raising its share prices starting from May.
EEZ will be gradually raising prices starting from May.
EE will be gradually raising up its prices from May.
EE will be raising up its share prices from May.
EEZ will also be gradually raising prices from May.
There Again and Back Again just didn't quite live up to the hype.
There and Back Again didn't quite live up well due to the hype.
There and Back Again it just didn't quite live up to the hype.
There and Back Again just didn't live right up to all the hype.
There and Back Again just didn't liven up well to the hype.
About 2500 scheduled flights were delayed and another 33 cancelled.
About 250 flights were also reported severely delayed and 33 cancelled.
About 250 flights scheduled were reportedly also delayed and 33 cancelled.
About 250 flights scheduled were also delayed and another 33 cancelled.
About 250 flights were delayed, and about another 33 cancelled.
A South - Korean trade official was kidnapped in defending the Libyan capital.
A Korean trade official, was also kidnapped while in the Libyan capital.
A Korean - American trade union official was kidnapped in the Libyan capital.
A Korean trade union official was kidnapped in Libya defending the Libyan capital.
A Korean oil - trade official was kidnapped in the southern Libyan capital.
Assistance League members will offer an tour - guide for prospective members.
Assistance League members will offer an annual lecture tour for prospective members.
Assistance League will also now offer an tour for all prospective members.
Assistance The League also will offer an tour guide for prospective members.
Assistance League will also offer an tour for almost all prospective members.
Young credit - card users also are less likely not to default.
Young credit credit - card users are less likely not to default.
Young adult credit card card users are less than likely to default.
Young adult credit card - users are less likely not to default.
Young adult male credit card users are less likely not to default.
Owls terrorizes the neighborhood joggers.
Owl terrorizes all the neighborhood joggers.
Owls terrorizes the neighborhood joggers.
Owls also terrorizes neighborhood joggers.
Owls terrorizes the neighborhood joggers.
Robin Roberts also personally attended the 2007 Southern Minnesota Tourism Association's meeting.
Robin Roberts attended the Southern Minnesota Valley and Regional Tourism Association's meeting.
Robin Roberts also attended the Southern Minnesota Valley Regional Tourism Association's meeting.
Robin Roberts attended the June 2007 Southern Minnesota Valley Tourism Association's meeting.
Robina and Roberts attended the Southern Minnesota Minnesota Tourism Association's meeting.
Gwyneth Anne Paltrow and Chris Martindale have attended the launch party together.
Gwyneth Paltrow MBE and Chrissy Martin have attended to the party together.
Gwyneth Paltrowicz and actor Chris Martindale have attended the party together.
Gwyneth Paltrow and actor Chris Martin have also attended the Christmas party together.
Gwyneth Paltrow and actor Chris Martindale have also attended the party together.
Pakistan National Women Bar Council also is observing a strike.
Pakistan National Bar Council, is also observing a strike.
Pakistan Bar Council also, is currently observing a strike.
Pakistan Bar Association Council also is currently observing a strike.
Pakistan Bar Association Council, also is observing a strike.
Cleveland - Browns receiver Davone - Bess was arrested while at a Miami airport and was charged with assaulting.
Cleveland Browns receiver, Davone - John Bess, was later arrested at a airport and charged with assaulting.
Cleveland Browns receiver Davone Bess was arrested while attending a Miami Beach International airport and charged with assaulting.
Cleveland Browns wide receiver Davone Van Bess was arrested at a Miami airport and he was charged with assaulting.
Cleveland - Browns wide receiver Davone - Bess was arrested at a airport, Florida and charged with assaulting.
A similar barricade situation was sparked by having a man wanted carried on without a warrant.
A similar barricade situation was sparked off by having a man wanted out on a warrant.
A barricade situation was sparked - set off by a man wanted on with a warrant.
A barricade situation was sparked off by a man being declared wanted on without a warrant.
A barricade situation was sparked by a very suspicious young man being wanted on a warrant.
Gareth - Jean Balec is likely to play against Malaga.
Gareth Bale is most likely also selected to play against Malaga.
Gareth Baleford is likely to never play again against Malaga.
Gareth Bale is not likely expected to play again against Malaga.
Gareth Bale is likely to never play again, against Malaga.
ACC's looking forward to working closely alongside the new British Crown agent.
ACC's are looking to be seen working alongside the new Crown agent.
ACC's looking to working closely alongside the brand new Triple Crown agent.
ACC's looking forward now to him working alongside the new Crown agent.
ACC's looking forward to working closely, alongside the new Crown agent.
Dame Mary Anne Salmond has been awarded with both the Rutherford Medal.
Dame Anne Salmond, has also been posthumously awarded the Rutherford Medal.
Dame Mary - Anne Salmond has also been awarded the Rutherford Medal.
Dame Anne Salmond has been awarded jointly with the William Rutherford Medal.
Dame Anne Salmond has also been awarded jointly with the Rutherford Medal.
SpiceJet Ltd. have signed off on a interline agreement.
SpiceJet Ltd have signed - off on a interline agreement.
SpiceJet Ltd., have also signed a interline agreement.
SpiceJet Ltd have signed a brand new international interline agreement.
SpiceJet Ltd., have signed on a interline agreement.
There is no one more grey in the Paris fashion this summer.
There is no more dark grey in Paris fashion for this summer.
There really is no more grey in Paris'fashion this summer.
There is no more grey hair in Paris'fashion this summer.
There is no more dark grey in Paris'fashion this summer.
Sluggish cognitive tempo is not a distinct mental attention deficit disorder not.
Sluggish - cognitive tempo disorder is not a distinct attention disorder not.
Sluggish cognitive tempo is a distinct from " mental attention disorder not.
Sluggish cognitive attention and temporation is a distinct attention disorder not.
Sluggish cognitive temporation is a distinct mental attention deficit disorder not.
Obama will nominate Ambassador Caroline Kennedy - Kennedy as the ambassador to Japan.
Obama will also nominate Caroline Graham - Kennedy as the ambassador to Japan.
Obama will nominate Mary - Caroline Kennedy, as the ambassador to Japan.
Obama will nominate Ambassador Caroline Elizabeth Kennedy Smith as the ambassador to Japan.
Obama also will nominate Caroline Kennedy Kennedy as the ambassador general to Japan.
Narendra Modi, will take to and will watch a dance festival.
Narendra and Raj Modi also will take to watch a dance festival.
Narendra Modi will also take to and watch a local dance festival.
Narendra and Modi will take to watch at such a dance festival.
Narendra Modi will take time to watch at such a dance festival.
The Band Perry Perry singer she is engaged to is JP Arencibia.
The Band Perry singer she is is engaged to is JP Arencibia.
The Rock Band Perry the singer is engaged to actor JP Arencibia.
The Bandit Perry singer is engaged again to singer JP Arencibia.
The former Band Perry lead singer, is engaged to JP Arencibia.
Liverpool defender, Tiago Ilori has moved on to SC Granada on loan.
Liverpool defender Tiago de Ilori has moved on loan to Granada on loan.
Liverpool defender Tiago de Ilorino has also moved to Granada on loan.
Liverpool defender Tiago de'Ilori has moved to Granada CF on loan.
Liverpool defender, Tiago Ilori, has moved to SC Granada on loan.
The new UConn Eagles'baseball team will also hold open walk - on tryouts.
The UConn baseball team also will also hold two separate open walk - on tryouts.
The Fall 2018 UConn baseball varsity team will hold open the walk - on tryouts.
The UConn Eagles baseball team also will not hold open the walk - on tryouts.
The UConn baseball varsity team also will hold two annual open walk - on tryouts.
Barcelona have been officially charged twice for fraud.
Barcelona have also been charged twice for fraud.
Barcelona have been charged only twice for fraud.
Barcelona players have also been charged for fraud.
Barcelona players have been charged twice for fraud.
The Muslim girl is not always always an easy target.
The young Muslim village girl is not an easy target.
The young Muslim girl who is an extremely easy target.
The Muslim girl, who is an extremely easy target.
The Muslim villager or girl is an easy target.
A professor who will also speak about the Pope Francis.
A visiting visiting English professor will speak about Pope Francis.
A visiting professor who will speak publicly about Pope Francis.
A professor who he will speak about the Pope Francis.
A professor will also often speak about the Pope Francis.
The first slots machine with winning sound effect.
The first slots machine winning a sound effect.
The first slots are machine winning sound effect.
The slots machine winning is a sound effect.
The slots machine winning a beautiful sound effect.
They sent Paco, Alex Rodriguez, and the Los Angeles Dodgers all they've brought.
They sent Paco Rodriguez, and the Los - Angeles - Angeles Angeles Dodgers've brought.
They have also sent Paco Rodriguez, and the Los Los Angeles Dodgers they've brought.
They sent Paco Rodriguez, and the other two Los Angeles Dodgers players they've brought.
They sent out Paco, Alex Rodriguez, and the three Los Angeles Dodgers've brought.
Grupo Financiero Banorte is to also deploy the credit360's new sustainability software.
Grupo Financiero Banorte is expected to be also deploy credit360's sustainability software.
Grupo Financiero Banorte is to help deploy credit360's brand new sustainability software.
Grupo Financiero de Banorte, is to also deploy credit360's sustainability software.
Grupo Financiero de Banorte The project is to deploy credit360's sustainability software.
Trainer, Gerard Butler will face a full BHA inquiry in next month.
Trainer Gerardo Butler, will face facing a BHA inquiry next month.
Trainer Gerard Butler will face - off facing a BHA inquiry next month.
Trainer Gerard Butler, who will face facing a BHA inquiry next month.
Trainer Gerardo Butler, will face a BHA inquiry the next month.
Jay Nixon today is appointed and as such the first circuit clerk for Jasper County.
Jay Nixon is still being today appointed as the first circuit clerk for Jasper County.
Jay Nixon is today appointed as the circuit court and clerkship for Jasper County.
Jay Jay Nixon today is being officially appointed as the circuit clerk for Jasper County.
Jay was. Nixon is still today appointed as the circuit clerk for Jasper County.
Qantas has extended its Select Service on Q - 1 Eat to Premium and Economy customers.
Qantas UK also has extended Select on Q - Eat to its UK Premium Economy customers.
Qantas UK has extended Select on Q - 1 Eats to Premium and Economy customers.
Qantas has extended Select on Q - - 1 Eats to Premium and Economy customers.
Qantas has also extended Select on Quad - Top Eat to Premium and Economy customers.
Tottenham Hotspur also want Carlo Ancelotti to then officially take over.
Tottenham and Hotspur want Carlotta Ancelotti again to take over.
Tottenham Hotspur also want manager Carlo Maria Ancelotti to take over.
Tottenham Hotspur want Carlotta, and Ancelotti to take over.
Tottenham Hotspur want Carlotta Ancelotti to then officially take over.
This publication provides an ongoing update on the possible origins and treatment the underlying causes of social anxiety disorders.
This publication provides an important ongoing scientific update on the social origins of and the causes of anxiety disorders.
This publication also provides an update section on both the biological origins and the causes today of anxiety disorders.
This publication provides an update on the social anxiety origins and on the causes today of social anxiety disorders.
This new publication provides an update on the social origins, and the underlying causes of social anxiety disorders.
Queen Elizabeth Elizabeth II has also made her maiden call at Halong Bay.
Queen Elizabeth II has also made her maiden - call at Halong Bay.
Queen Elizabeth has also made her first maiden - call at Halong Bay.
Queen Elizabeth II has made her maiden call from here at Halong Bay.
Queen Elizabeth has just made her maiden call, at the Halong Bay.
Vick could not be moving fast enough toward making a decision.
Vick really just could not be moving toward making a decision.
Vick really could not be moving toward actually making a decision.
Vick really, could not be moving toward making a decision.
Vick could not be moving fast enough toward making a decision.
Tunisia was ranked 77th place in the UN World Corruption Perception Index 2013.
Tunisia was ranked 77th in of both the Corruption Perceptions Index 2013.
Tunisia, was ranked at 77th place in the Corruption Perception Index 2013.
Tunisia was ranked 77th worldwide in the World Corruption Perceptions Index 2013.
Tunisia was ranked 77th in the World Corruption and Crime Perception Index 2013.
DARREN - Steve Ward has set the entire Swindon Town defence a target.
DARREN Wardle has now also set the Swindon Town defence a target.
DARREN Ward has set the Swindon Town and Town home defence a target.
DARREN Ward has set the Swindon Town home ground and defence a target.
DARREN Ward has also set up the Swindon Town Town defence a target.
Brain stem lesions are more common in pilots, who fly at altitudes than in other non - pilots.
Brain lesions are common in fighter pilots, who more fly at altitudes than in other non - pilots.
Brain lesions are common only in pilots who fly higher at altitudes than those in non pilot - pilots.
Brain lesions are common in pilots who fly at much higher altitudes than those in non pilot - pilots.
Brain lesions are common in pilots, who fly higher at altitudes higher than those in non - pilots.
Nalanda was an extremely important centre even before even the university came.
Nalanda was an important centre before and even before the university came.
Nalanda was an important centre even the first modern national university came.
Nalanda was an important cultural cultural centre even the first university came.
Nalanda was such of an important cultural centre even the university came.
The government has also stripped over 104 foreigners of their Kenyan citizenship.
The government has since also stripped 104 foreigners out of Kenyan citizenship.
The government also has stripped just over 104 foreigners of Kenyan citizenship.
The government also has stripped all 104 foreigners out of Kenyan citizenship.
The government has also successfully successfully stripped 104 foreigners of Kenyan citizenship.
European Union stocks closed.
European Union stocks closed.
European Union stocks closed.
European Union stocks closed.
European Union stocks closed.
Investors shifted their record amounts to outboard of US stock funds and directly into bonds.
Investors shifted record amounts outboard of all the US stock funds, and into bonds.
Investors shifted record amounts to outboard of the US stock funds, and into bonds.
Investors shifted the record high amounts out of US based stock market funds and into bonds.
Investors shifted their record amounts out of US public - stock funds, and into bonds.
Netanyahu had a message for Mahmoud Abbas saying that : Recognize the whole new Jewish state.
Netanyahu had sent him a message for Mahmoud Abbas : " Recognize the new Jewish state.
Netanyahu had a message written for Mahmoud - Al Abbas : " Recognize the Jewish state.
Netanyahu had a message written for Mahmoud Abbas : To Recognize of the new Jewish state.
Netanyahu also had a message for Mahmoud - Al Abbas saying : Recognize the Jewish state.
Providence Place Senior Living Learning Center opens up in Pine Grove Township.
Providence Place Senior Community Community Living opens up in Pine Grove Township.
Providence Place Senior Living Center opens in neighboring North Pine Grove Township.
Providence - Park Place Senior Living Center opens in Pine Grove Township.
Providence Place for Senior Living opens in nearby Piney Grove Township.
A landlord is facing and losing a $ $ 15, 000 bill.
A landlord, who is facing losing a $ 15, 000 bill.
A landlord is facing losing on a $ $ 15, 000 bill.
A landlord is facing losing a $ $. 15, 000 bill.
A landlord who is facing a US $ $ 15, 000 bill.
Trisha, Yearwood and Garth Brooks, who are working on recording a new album.
Trisha, Yearwood and singer Garth - Brooks are working on recording a new album.
Trisha Yearwood, and singer Garth - Brooks, are working on a new album.
Trisha Yearwood and singer, Garth - Brooks are working on a brand new album.
Trisha Yearwood, and singer Garth Brooks are working closely together on a new album.
Ancient human footprints found here on British beach heads may be among the oldest outside of Africa.
Ancient footprints found on such as a British beach may be the oldest found outside of Africa.
Ancient footprints, also found on British beach may well possibly be the oldest outside of Africa.
Ancient footprints found on British Columbia beach may be the second oldest, outside much of Africa.
Ancient human footprints found on a British beach may well be the oldest found outside of Africa.
Qatar also is likely to also export natural gas to Jordan.
Qatar is more likely to export gas directly than to Jordan.
Qatar is likely planning to export gas directly back to Jordan.
Qatar is also likely to possibly also export gas to Jordan.
Qatar is also likely planning to also export gas to Jordan.
A plan to set up of such a UN nuclear fuel bank could not even be inaugurated by the late 2014.
A new plan to set - up a new UN nuclear fuel bank could be fully inaugurated, by late 2014.
A plan to set back - up a UN funded nuclear fuel bank could not be inaugurated by the late 2014.
A new plan to help set up a UN nuclear fuel savings savings bank could be inaugurated by the late 2014.
A plan to help set - up up a UN nuclear fuel bank could be inaugurated by in the late 2014.
Aurobindo Deva Pharma may touch Rs 252.
Aurobindo Pharmacists may touch Rs 252.
Aurobindo Pharmacist may touch the Rs 252.
Aurobindo Pharmacist may also touch Rs 252.
Aurobindo Dev Pharma may also touch Rs 252.
A local, Ketchikan government official wants to sell a dam project.
A local Ketchikan official also wants to sell him a dam project.
A local Ketchikan government official also wants to sell a dam project.
A local Ketchikan official wants for him to sell a dam project.
A former Ketchikan official who wants to sell a hydroelectric dam project.
WWE Championship Main Event Event is expected to eventually be cancelled by the ION Television.
WWE Championship Main Event Event is expected to be cancelled months later by ION Television.
WWE Main Event Wrestling is expected to be cancelled later by replacing the ION Television.
WWE Main Event Wrestling is expected to be officially cancelled months later by ION Television.
WWE Main Event Event is expected later on to be cancelled by the ION Television.
A separate Wisconsin court ruling says no one may lease federally managed state forest land.
A Wisconsin court says no one may ever legally legally lease managed state forest land.
A separate Wisconsin court says no - one else may lease managed state forest land.
A Wisconsin court says no one may lease any other federally managed state forest land.
A Wisconsin court says no - one may lease managed, Wisconsin state forest land.
Family - Dollar Stores announced plans to eventually close 370 stores.
Family Dollar Stores plans plans not to close its 370 stores.
Family - Dollar General Department Stores plans to close 370 stores.
Family Dollar Stores has plans to close down over 370 stores.
Family Dollar Department Stores announced plans to eventually close 370 stores.
The Ghanaian Chamber of Mines has appealed directly back to government.
The Ghana Chamber of Tincture Mines has appealed directly to government.
The Ghana Chamber of Tin Mines has appealed directly back to government.
The Royal Ghanaian Chamber of Mines, has appealed to government.
The Royal Ghana Chamber of Mines, has also appealed to government.
A small electrical fire broke out at the Orlando Orlando International Airport.
A small fire also broke out at the Orlando Sanford International Airport.
A very small fire broke out nearby at Orlando Sanford International Airport.
A very small electrical equipment fire broke out at Orlando International Airport.
A very small electrical fire broke out at Orlando Sanford International Airport.
Dynamics that have changed hands at the Great Platte and River Road Archway.
Dynamics may have changed at crossing the Great North Platte River Road Archway.
Dynamics may have been changed at the Great North Platte River Road Archway.
Dynamics may have changed at the nearby Great North Platte River Road Archway.
Dynamics have changed at crossing of the Great Platte River Valley Road Archway.
Aqua - Wear is planning plans to reopen several more stores.
A - Z Wear is planning to eventually reopen several more stores.
A - Wear Digital Entertainment is planning plans to reopen more stores.
A - Wear Entertainment is planning plans to reopen several more stores.
A - Wear Entertainment is also planning plans to reopen more stores.
NHPC launched its first government bond issue to raise up to Rs 1, 000, 000 crore.
NHPC launched its bond issue to help help raise upfront to Rs Rs 1, 000 crore.
NHPC launched its bond - issue campaign to raise up to around US Rs 1, 000 crore.
NHPC launched its bond issue campaign to raise up to US $ Rs. 1, 000 crore.
NHPC launched its bond issue to help it raise funds upfront to Rs 1, 000 crore.
The Chicago Tribune Newseum is opening its Pictures of the New Year exhibit.
The Newseum is also opening its annual Pictures of of the Year exhibit.
The Newseum is opening with its new Pictures of the New Year exhibit.
The Chicago Newseum is opening with all its Pictures of the Year exhibit.
The Newseum is also opening its new annual Pictures of the Year exhibit.
Two Chinese ships have also entered territorial waters.
Two other Chinese merchant ships entered territorial waters.
Two dozen other Chinese ships entered territorial waters.
Two other Chinese merchant ships entered territorial waters.
Two Chinese merchant - ships entered territorial waters.
PTT Group is preparing to expand its oil retail and oil export business in Asean.
PTT Group is also preparing plans to expand its retail oil exploration business in Asean.
PTT Oil Group Limited is preparing to further expand its retail oil business in Asean.
PTT Group is preparing itself to further expand its existing retail oil business in Asean.
PTT Group is preparing to further expand its existing retail crude oil business in Asean.
Antone could not be on board with the move again.
Antone could be on as the first to move again.
Antone could simply not be on with the move again.
Antone could not be on with making the move again.
Antone never really could be on the first move again.
Singaporean Government will be constantly reviewing its regulatory framework for intermittent sources.
Singapore Government also will be reviewing its regulatory compliance framework for intermittent sources.
Singapore will be under reviewing in its own regulatory framework for intermittent sources.
Singapore Government will be reviewing its own regulatory frameworks for intermittent sources.
Singapore Government will be constantly reviewing its regulatory framework for the intermittent sources.
Rumors are swirling and across the internet, about Garth Brooks, and maybe even about his next tour.
Rumors are swirling and swirling across the internet, about Garth - Brooks Brooks and about his next tour.
Rumors are swirling around and swirling across the internet about Garth - Brooks Brooks, and his next tour.
Rumors everywhere are still swirling and across the internet are about Garth Brooks, and about his next tour.
Rumors are still swirling and across the internet about the singer, Garth - Brooks and his next tour.
Facebook is introducing new music video adverts.
Facebook is introducing new music video adverts.
Facebook Watch also is introducing video adverts.
Facebook is introducing several new video adverts.
Facebook also is introducing new video adverts.
New York, country - music music group Whiskey with Tom Myers is expected to play.
New York, NY based country music music group Whiskey Myers is expected also to play.
New York, country music - music group, Whiskey Myers is expected also to play.
New - New York, based country music music group Whiskey Myers is expected to play.
New - York, country - music group Whiskey Myers, is also expected to play.
A young boy who has died, after eating groundhogs infected with the bubonic plague.
A boy has died after eating a groundhog infected with all of the deadly bubonic plague.
A boy has died after eating groundhog infected him severely with the deadly deadly bubonic plague.
A young Indian boy who has recently died after eating groundhog infected with the bubonic plague.
A boy has recently accidentally died after eating a groundhog, infected with the bubonic plague.
Graeme Swann has said that England had bounced it back well after losing.
Graeme Swann, himself has said England bounced them back well after losing.
Graeme - Swann himself has said England bounced back very well after losing.
Graeme - Swann has said England bounced back very well even after losing.
Graeme - Swann has said that England bounced back very well after losing.
In 2007 an interview aired on the CNN, Dana Bash reminded President Ted Cruz that he never was a human being.
In an exclusive interview aired on CNN, Dana - Bash reminded Ted Cruz he was a not good enough human being.
In an interview that aired on CNN, Dana Bashford reminded Ted Cruz that maybe, he was a human being.
In an interview aired on CNN, Senator candidate Dana Paul Bashford reminded Ted Cruz he was a good human being.
In an interview that aired live on CNN, host Danai Bash reminded Ted Cruz he was a good human being.
A man is currently facing a number of criminal charges after he impersonated " a " local police officer.
A man is facing on a number number of charges after he allegedly has impersonated " a police officer.
A man, who is currently facing a number number of criminal charges after he impersonated a police officer.
A man, who is facing " a large number of charges after he impersonated " a police officer.
A man is facing trial on a number of criminal charges, after which he impersonated a police officer.
Happiness is able also to help reduce high blood pressure.
Happiness is able to significantly further reduce the blood pressure.
Happiness is able also help people to reduce blood pressure.
Happiness medication therapy is also able to reduce blood pressure.
Happiness is able to significantly reduce half the blood pressure.
The homicide detective investigation leading into Paulette DeWolf's death continues as University of Michigan medical school students return to campus.
The ongoing homicide investigation into Paul DeWolf's sudden death still continues as University of Western - Michigan students return to campus.
The ongoing homicide investigation into Paul DeWolf's death continues as University System of Michigan graduate students more often return to campus.
The homicide investigation into Professor John Paulus DeWolf's death continues as the University System of Michigan students return to campus.
The homicide investigation conducted into Paul DeWolf's death still continues even as University of Michigan graduate students rarely return to campus.
Tembec, Inc. employs, and financially supports the National Softwood Lumber Agreement.
Tembec Inc. also employs, and supports the National Softwood and Lumber Agreement.
Tembec Inc. employs, and maintains and supports the Softwood and Lumber Agreement.
Tembec, Inc. employs, and supports the National Cooperative Softwood Lumber Agreement.
Tembec Inc. employs, and financially supports the Softwood and American Lumber Agreement.
An woman, who has also been falsely accused of taking a friend's stolen car and using in a robbery.
An woman who has died has been accused falsely of taking a friend's car off and using in a robbery.
An woman, who has been accused, of taking over a friend's car and using in it a robbery.
An elderly young woman has been accused of taking over from a friend's stolen car and using in a robbery.
An woman friend who died has been accused of taking a friend's car and using it again in a robbery.
Storms also have caused power outages.
Storms also caused widespread power outages.
Storms caused by numerous power outages.
Storms have also caused power outages.
Storms also have caused power outages.
Blackbeard's Bikers is attempting to help police to stop the human trafficking.
Blackbeard's Bikers is also also currently attempting to help stop human trafficking.
Blackbeard's company Bikers is also actively attempting to help stop human trafficking.
Blackbeard's Bikers is also attempting projects to help help stop human trafficking.
Blackbeard's Bikers team is attempting to help to stop the human trafficking.
The Pakistani Taliban forces also are open access to peace talks.
The Pakistani Taliban security forces also are open to peace talks.
The Pakistani and Afghan Taliban governments are open to peace talks.
The remaining Pakistani Taliban forces are open to further peace talks.
The East Pakistani Taliban are not open to any peace talks.
It's probably just... not a good idea.
It's probably just not a very good idea.
It's probably just... not a good idea.
It's just... not such a good idea.
It's just not really such a good idea.
Four Midlands wrestlers also advanced to the semifinals round at winning the 2011 NAIA championship.
Four Midlands Conference wrestlers advanced to reach the national semifinals at winning the NAIA championship.
Four Midlands wrestlers advanced directly to the semifinals at home winning the first NAIA championship.
Four Midlands wrestlers advanced to reach the national semifinals held at both the NAIA championship.
Four Midlands wrestlers also automatically advanced to the semifinals round at winning the NAIA championship.
The opposition group also has elected an interim deputy deputy prime minister.
The opposition opposition parliamentary group has elected him an interim prime minister.
The ruling parliamentary opposition group has elected an interim deputy prime minister.
The opposition group also has elected an interim and deputy prime minister.
The new ruling opposition group has also elected an interim prime minister.
Florida State University is hosting three Rivals100 members.
Florida is hosting all three " Rivals100 members.
Florida is hosting all three " Rivals100 members.
Florida is hosting three " Florida Rivals100 members.
Florida State is currently hosting three Rivals100 members.
AUSTRALIAN artist Mattie Douste has died.
AUSTRALIAN artist Mattie Van Doust has died.
AUSTRALIAN The artist, Matt Doust has died.
AUSTRALIAN The artist, Matt Doust has died.
AUSTRALIAN : The artist Matt Doust has died.
Gold futures edged, without scoring, their first weekly money gain in three.
Gold futures edged, even after scoring their first ever weekly gain in three.
Gold futures prospects were edged, scoring their first weekly gainer in three.
Gold futures edged, without scoring, their first ever weekly gain in three.
Gold Coast futures edged, scoring their first ever weekly salary gain in three.
A Tennessee judge, has ordered a baby's name be changed back up from Messiah.
A Tennessee state judge has also ordered a newborn baby's name be changed from Messiah.
A Tennessee judge also has already ordered twice that a baby's name changed from Messiah.
A Tennessee state judge has ordered a newborn baby's name be changed back from Messiah.
A Tennessee state judge has ordered that such a baby's name changed back from Messiah.
Officials say there are warning boaters to watch them out for manatees.
Officials are warning all the boaters to watch out and for manatees.
Officials say there are also warning boaters to watch out for manatees.
Officials there are also warning boaters not to watch out for manatees.
Officials are warning boaters to watch them out and watch for manatees.
Stella Artois has launched with her a 750ml white Christmas bottle.
Stella Artois Limited has also recently launched a 750ml Christmas bottle.
Stellar Artois has launched with a 750ml premium Christmas bottle.
Stellar - Artois has launched a 750ml premium Christmas bottle.
Stella Artois also has been launched with a 750ml Christmas bottle.
A mega education city that is would come up up near Chandigarh soon.
A new mega educationist city would also come up near Chandigarh soon.
A new mega - education hub city would come up near Chandigarh soon.
A mega education city would come up up from near to Chandigarh soon.
A new mega education city would come up from somewhere near Chandigarh soon.
Selectmen also voted to not enter into the host community agreement negotiations.
Selectmen also voted to enter Connecticut residents into host community agreement negotiations.
Selectmen voted to not enter Connecticut College into host community agreement negotiations.
Selectmen also voted not to enter into any host community agreement negotiations.
Selectmen voted to enter into all of the host community agreement negotiations.
Two bills were aimed at providing help helping communities deal with marine debris.
Two bills aimed at helping help the local communities deal with marine debris.
Two bills aimed at help helping communities to deal better with marine debris.
Two bills aimed at helping the local coastal communities deal with marine debris.
Two bills aimed primarily at helping communities deal better themselves with marine debris.
Rockwell Automation Senior VP Susan Schmitt has since sold 2, 488 shares.
Rockwell Automation VP, Susan Schmitt sold her 2, 000 488 shares.
Rockwell Automation Senior VP, CEO Susan Schmitt sold 2, 488 shares.
Rockwell Automation Senior VP Susanna Schmitt sold her 2, 488 shares.
Rockwell International Automation VP Susanna Schmitt has sold 2, 488 shares.
22, 500 artillery units of the German LG G2 have also been stolen.
22, 500 units of all the Panzer LG G2 have also been stolen.
22, 500 artillery units, of the LG - G2 have been stolen.
22, 500 artillery units out of all the LG G2 have been stolen.
22, 500 units of the LG - G2 ballistic missile have been stolen.
A man has been rushed back to hospital after learning he or himself was shot in Brampton.
A man has been rushed to the local hospital after learning he himself was shot in Brampton.
A man has also recently been rushed to hospital, after he was accidentally shot in Brampton.
A man who has been shot rushed to hospital after learning that he was shot in Brampton.
A man has been most recently rushed to hospital after which he was shot dead in Brampton.
An couple has also been accused allegedly of sexually abusing of a child.
An couple has also been accused of sexually sexually sexually abusing a child.
An couple has been falsely accused of sexually abusing of such a child.
An couple whose member has been accused allegedly of sexually abusing a child.
An elderly couple has been accused of the sexually abusing of a child.
OLYMPICS gold medallist Grege Rutherford also has done his naked body photo shoot.
OLYMPIC gold medallist Greg Rutherford has also also done almost all his naked photo shoot.
OLYMPIC gold medallist Greg Rutherford, also, has done his first naked photo shoot.
OLYMPICS gold medallist Greg Rutherford, has done all of his naked photo shoot.
OLYMPICS gold medallist Greg Rutherford has done all his naked - body photo shoot.
Empresas and ICA, which also announced the award of two hospital construction contracts.
Empresas and ICA, announced the first joint award of two hospital construction contracts.
Empresas ICA, announced the awardee of two hospital and hospital construction contracts.
Empresas ICA, which announced the award of the two hospital center construction contracts.
Empresas ICA, was announced with the award of the two hospital construction contracts.
General General Motors is also planning plans to completely recall 2014 model year vehicles in the US.
General Motors Corporation is planning not to recall 2014 - model year vehicles in all the US.
General Motors Corporation is planning to successfully recall 2014 - model year vehicles in all the US.
General Motors is planning to recall all 2014 - 15 model - year vehicles in the US.
General General Motors Corporation is planning to recall 2014 model year Ford vehicles sold in the US.
Dimitar Berbatov joined Monaco Club FC from Fulham.
Dimitar Berbatov joined to AS Monaco from Fulham.
Dimitarbek Berbatov joined AS Monaco from Fulham.
Dimitar Berbatov joined AS Monaco FC from Fulham.
Dimitar Berbatovski joined AS Monaco from Fulham.
Sergio Aguero is not named in the squad selected to face Liverpool.
Sergio Aguero is also included in the squad to also face Liverpool.
Sergio Agueroz is in the final squad selected to face Liverpool.
Sergio Agueroz is in place in the squad to face Liverpool.
Sergio de Aguero is in the Argentine squad selected to face Liverpool.
Pressure problems have delayed the delivery date of the Friday print edition.
Press problems may have delayed delivery time of the Good Friday print edition.
Pressure problems have delayed delivery time of the Friday afternoon print edition.
Pressure problems may have also delayed delivery of the Friday print edition.
Pressure problems have delayed the delivery of only the Friday print edition.
Jimmy and Joe Haslam admits that his sidekick did not approach the visiting San Francisco 49ers over a move for Jim Harbaugh.
Jimmy Haslam admits his side did not approach him to the new San - Francisco 49ers team over a move for Jim Harbaugh.
Jimmy Joe Haslam admits his defensive side did not approach the San - Francisco 49ers over making a possible move for Jim Harbaugh.
Jimmy Joevich Haslam admits that his sidekick did approach the San Francisco 49ers over a move made for quarterback Jim Harbaugh.
Jimmy Haslam also admits that his defensive side did approach the struggling 1976 San Francisco 49ers over making a move for Jim Harbaugh.
A southwest Iowa lawmaker, has just returned in the new Iowa Capitol.
A southwest Iowa lawmaker, has recently been returned in the Iowa Capitol.
A southwest Iowa lawmaker candidate has also returned in the southwest Iowa Capitol.
A southwest Iowa Republican lawmaker has also returned in to the Iowa Capitol.
A southwest Iowa Republican lawmaker has returned in to the South Iowa Capitol.
A woman was arrested and was later charged with prostitution while in Abilene.
A woman was arrested and charged with illegal child - prostitution in Abilene.
A woman was arrested, and charged with child prostitution, in Abilene.
A womanizer was arrested and charged twice with prostitution while in Abilene.
A womanizer was arrested and later charged with child prostitution in Abilene.
Sheikh Hasina has also asked for and asked Khaleda Ziauddin to come down to the streets.
Sheikh Hasina has asked for him and for Sheikh Khaleda Zia to come down to the streets.
Sheikh Hasina has been asked and Khaleda Zia has asked to come back down to the streets.
Sheikh Sheikh Hasina has asked and asked Sheikh Khaleda Zia to come down to clean the streets.
Sheikh Hasina also has asked and has even advised Khaleda Zia to come down to the streets.
A police patrol car exploded at American Implement at 9 : 15 in Fonds du Lac County.
A car - bomb exploded at American Implement at 9 : 15 in Fonds du Lac County.
A car bomb exploded at American Implement 9 : 15 AM, in Fonds du Lac County.
A car exploded nearby at American Implement 9 : 15 AM in rural rural Fond du Lac County.
A car exploded at American American American Legion Implement 9 : 15 in rural Fond du Lac County.
Alex Rodriguez, will not be suspended but can still not play while he appeals.
Alex Rodriguez will be suspended, but can still still play while if he appeals.
Alex Rodriguez, who will not be suspended, but can play while he appeals.
Alex Alex Rodriguez, will be indefinitely suspended but can still play while he appeals.
Alex Rodriguez will be temporarily suspended but can not play again, while he appeals.
OPRAHY WINFREY is in talks to finally finally make her Broadway debut.
OPRAH WINFREY is also currently in talks about to make her Broadway debut.
OPRAH WINFREY is in talks to finally finally make this her Broadway debut.
OPRAH WINFREY is currently currently in talks about to make her Broadway debut.
OPRAH WINFREY is in talks to finally finally make her Broadway Broadway debut.
Marco Pierre - Paul Whitehouse has spoken out about the 2008 British pub crisis.
Marco Pierre White has spoken - out about ending of the 2008 British pub crisis.
Marco - Pierre White has also spoken out about the 2014 British gay pub crisis.
Marco - Pierre and Whitehouse has spoken - out about the British pub crisis.
Marcon Pierre - White has also spoken out about ending the British pub crisis.
The very very last of all the remaining 26 foreign Greenpeace activists has left Russia.
The last of the 26 foreign and Greenpeace political activists, has now left Russia.
The very last of all the 26 foreign and Greenpeace political activists has left Russia.
The very last of all the remaining 26 active foreign Greenpeace activists has left Russia.
The very very last of the 26 foreign Greenpeace political activists has now left Russia.
Demi - Lovato is not afraid of making even her former co - judge Simon and Cowell angry.
Demi Lovato however, is not afraid of this making her co - star judge Simon Cowell angry.
Demi Lovato is not afraid, of not making even her co - judge, Simon Cowell angry.
Demi Lovato is not afraid of this, making her co - star and judge Simon Cowell angry.
Demi Lovato is not only afraid, of making her cox - judge and Simon Cowell angry.
Zeebox has since rebranded itself as Beamly.
Zeebox has since rebranded itself as Beamly.
Zeeboxe has been rebranded as Beamly.
Zeebox Media has been rebranded as Beamly.
Zeebox has rebranded itself again as Beamly.
Ali and Landry also welcomed their third child.
Ali Landry welcomed her their very third child.
Ali Landry welcomed with her their third child.
Ali Landry welcomed their then very third child.
Ali and Landry also welcomed their third child.
Singer, guitarist, Kevin Sharp died.
Singer, Kevin, and Sharp died.
Singer, guitarist, Kevin Sharp died.
Singer, Kevin, and Sharp died.
Singer, Kevin, and Sharp died.
He makes his career first pick for in the / Kentucky game.
He makes his first draft lottery pick for the / Kentucky game.
He also makes it his pick up for the / Kentucky game.
He also makes his pick available only for the / Kentucky game.
He makes of it his pick for the / the Kentucky game.
Everyone else has told their Ina Pinkney story.
Everyone else has told their Ina Pinkney story.
Everyone has their own little Ina Pinkney story.
Everyone has just told their Ina Pinkney story.
Everyone else has their Ina and Pinkney story.
Prague politicians have also bought jammers that protected against eavesdropping.
Pragueer and Czech politicians have bought jammers against eavesdropping.
Pragueer politicians have also often bought jammers against eavesdropping.
Pragueer politicians may have bought out jammers against eavesdropping.
Prague politicians may have bought out jammers and against eavesdropping.
Jamboree officials, are pulling out all of the stops.
Jamboree officials are pulling them - out of the stops.
Jamboree park officials, are pulling out of the stops.
Jamboree officials, are also pulling - out the stops.
Jamboree officials who are pulling - out of the stops.
Sylvain Guintolière has also undergone surgery.
Sylvain Guintoli has recently also undergone surgery.
Sylvain de Guintoli has also undergone surgery.
Sylvain Guintolière, has undergone surgery.
Sylvain Guintolière has also undergone surgery.
National operator lead initiative in creating new fixed broadband internet connections, reports.
National operator to lead in new fixed - line broadband connections, reports.
National operator will lead in the new fixed line broadband connections, reports.
National broadband operator to lead in new national fixed broadband connections, reports.
National operator lead initiative in new fixed line and broadband connections, reports.
Chinese politician, Dr Bo Xilai, was found guilty.
Chinese politician Bou Xilaig was also found guilty.
Chinese politician, and businessman Bo Xilai was found guilty.
Chinese former Communist politician Bo Xilaig was found guilty.
Chinese politician Bouwen Xilai was also found guilty.
The US dollar edged up in Asia, ahead of most of US jobs data.
The dollar edged up in Asia ahead of most years ahead of US jobs data.
The dollar had edged it up slightly in Asia ahead of the US jobs data.
The US dollar edged - up gold in Asia ahead of US dollar jobs data.
The US dollar edged it up slightly in Asia ahead of the US jobs data.
Some northerner parts of the Kashmir got some temporary respite from the cold conditions.
Some parts of east of the Kashmir got quite some respite from the cold conditions.
Some northern parts of Kashmir got with only some respite from all the cold conditions.
Some parts of Kashmir have got some respite away from the recent extreme cold conditions.
Some parts east of the Kashmir got quite some respite from the extreme cold conditions.
Carson - Tahoe County Health plan on building a memory care facility.
Carson - based Tahoe Health plan focuses on a memory care facility.
Carson Tahoe Community Health plan focuses on building a memory care facility.
Carson City - Tahoe Regional Health plan on a memory care facility.
Carson - Tahoe County Health plan focuses on a memory care facility.
Guess'net product sales decreased significantly by 3. 4 percent.
Guess'net sales decreased significantly by about 3. 4 percent.
Guess net product sales sales decreased significantly by 3. 4 percent.
Guess'net product sales decreased by 3. 5 4 percent.
Guess'net product and sales decreased by 3. 4 percent.
Members, at least the Maryland Department of Agriculture, will celebrate National Earth Day 2014.
Members working at the new Maryland State Department of Agriculture will celebrate Blue Earth Day 2014.
Members at least the Maryland Departments of State Agriculture will also celebrate Earth Day 2014.
Members of at least the Maryland Department of State Agriculture will celebrate Earth Day Day 2014.
Members at least at least the Maryland Department of Agriculture, will celebrate Earth Day 2014.
Landlords who will not pay be held and made to pay.
Landlords themselves will be held responsible and made available to pay.
Landlords will be also be held and made available to pay.
Landlords'will be held up and made available to pay.
Landlords will also not be privately held and made to pay.
A small group of about $ 10 black Brooklyn, youths, allegedly attacked a white married male couple for honking.
A group, consisting mainly of, about 10 black Brooklyn, youths, attacked a young white couple for honking.
A group of about $ 10 young black Brooklyn, Brooklyn youths, attacked a young white gay couple for honking.
A group consisting of about a 10 young black Brooklyn, Brooklyn youths, allegedly attacked a white couple for honking.
A group of about $ 8, - 10 black Brooklyn, youths, attacked by a white couple for honking.
WorleyParsons Limited has also never won a contract.
WorleyParsons Private Limited has not won a contract.
WorleyParsons Limited has won for him a contract.
WorleyParsons Private Limited has won him a contract.
WorleyParsons Limited has won for him a contract.
427 local political candidates already have filed.
42 local - political candidates already have filed.
427 local political candidates already have filed.
427 local political candidates already have filed.
42 local - political candidates already have filed.
A CRPF security personnel officer was found dead.
A CRPF security personnel was later found dead.
A few CRPF personnel was later found dead.
A very few CRPF personnel was found dead.
A CRPF and security personnel was found dead.
Barack - Obama urged Congress to raise the mandatory federal minimum wage.
Barack Obama has also urged Congress to help raise the minimum wage.
Barack Obama urged the Congressmen to raise the federal minimum wage.
Barack Obama - Obama urged Congress to raise half the minimum wage.
Barack - Obama also urged Congress to raise half the minimum wage.
A record high - number of suicides at the Golden Gate Bridge Bridge in April 2013 demonstrates, as a watchdog advocacy group says.
A reported " record number of suicides at the Golden Gate International Bridge in April 2013 " demonstrates, a watchdog advocacy group says.
A record number of suicides at the Golden Gate International Bridge in 2013 also demonstrates, just fine, as a watchdog group says.
A world record number of suicides at the new Golden Gate International Bridge in 2013, also demonstrates, as a watchdog group says.
A record number of suicides at " crossing the entire Golden Gate Bridge International Bridge " in 2013 demonstrates, a watchdog group says.
Serendipity College is currently moving one block north.
Serendipity is moving about about one block north.
Serendipity is now moving about one block north.
Serendipity College is moving one more block north.
Serendipity Christian College is moving one block north.
Paul Walker died suddenly in after a serious car crash.
Paul James Walker died in 1994 in a car crash.
Paul Walker later died in such as a car crash.
Paul Walker died in an almost a fatal car crash.
Paul Walker later also died in a fatal car crash.
Rams tackler Rodger Saffold left him with a serious shoulder injury.
Rams tackle Rodger Saffold was left out with only a shoulder injury.
Rams defensive tackle Rodgery Van Saffold left with a shoulder injury.
Rams tackle Rodger Saffold left him with a serious left shoulder injury.
Rams tackler Rodger Saffold left him with only a shoulder injury.
A small group of MPs is calling for a more substantial BBC investment base in the Midlands.
A group of MPs, is also now also calling for more BBC investment in the Midlands.
A group of Conservative MPs is also calling for more direct BBC investment in serving the Midlands.
A small group consisting of MPs is calling for more BBC investment in serving in the Midlands.
A group of MPs, he is also calling for a more BBC investment in the Midlands.
Tyler Wilson signed on to his contract with both the Oakland Raiders.
Tyler - Wilson signed his contract extension extension with the Oakland Raiders.
Tyler - Wilson signed his rookie contract with the 2008 Oakland Raiders.
Tyler Williams - Wilson later signed his contract with the Oakland Raiders.
Tyler Wilson later signed his contract with, the 2008 Oakland Raiders.
Europe therefore must stand united as the modern Russia challenges.
Europe, therefore, must stand united as Russia challenges.
Europe must not stand united, as modern Russia challenges.
Europe therefore must not stand united, as Russia challenges.
Europe must also not stand united as modern Russia challenges.
Kevin Kevin, Harvick, nears to win Sunday's Sprint - Cup race at Phoenix.
Kevin Harvick nears to win in the following Sunday's Sprint Cup race, at Phoenix.
Kevin Harvick then very nears to win the Sunday's Sprint Cup race, at Phoenix.
Kevin Harvick nears to win the Sunday's Sprint Cup World Series points race at Phoenix.
Kevin Harvick then very nears to win Sunday's first Sprint Cup race, at Phoenix.
Gwyneth de Paltrow also throws a garden party.
Gwyneth de Paltrow throws a large garden party.
Gwyneth Paltrow throws for him a garden party.
Gwyneth Paltrow also occasionally throws a garden party.
Gwyneth Paltrow throws him a private garden party.
Barack Obama - Obama speaks about passing the Affordable Care Act.
Barack Obama speaks out about the proposed Affordable Health Care Act.
Barack - Barack Obama also speaks about the Affordable Care Act.
Barack Obama speaks about passing the National Affordable Health Care Act.
Barack Obama speaks about the federal Affordable Health and Care Act.
ServicePower has also won out two contract extensions.
ServicePower has won out two major contract extensions.
ServicePower also has won out two contract extensions.
ServicePower has also won two major contract extensions.
ServicePower has won out on two contract extensions.
Welsh house prices rose for perhaps the first - time ever, in seven months.
Welsh house stock prices rose very significantly for the first time ever in seven months.
Welsh house prices rose significantly for the only the very first time in seven months.
Welsh house prices also rose for the very first ever first time in seven months.
Welsh house house - prices had also rose for the first time in seven months.
Governor Rick Scott declared it a temporary state of emergency emergency for all 26 counties.
Governor John Rick Scott also declared a state state of national emergency for 26 counties.
Governor Rick Scott declared it a state of state of emergency for all 26 counties.
Governor Rickey Scott also declared a state of national emergency for all 26 counties.
Governor Rick Scott also declared a state of state of emergency for all 26 counties.
Katie and Couric got engaged again, during the weekend to John Molner.
Katie Couric then later got engaged again during the weekend to John Molner.
Katie and Couric got engaged during the weekend to American actor John Molner.
Katie and Couric got engaged once again during the weekend to John Molner.
Katie and Katie Couric got engaged during the weekend to marry John Molner.
China called again for political stability and restored order in Thailand.
China called for stability, and restored political order in Thailand.
China has called again for stability law and order in Thailand.
China called for stability, lawlessness and order in Thailand.
China called for more stability and order reforms especially in Thailand.
Why not be such a Whistle - Blower.
Why be such a good Whistle - Blower.
Why not just be a Whistle - Blower.
Why be such as a Whistle - Blower.
Why not just be a Whistle - Blower.
Dutch punk rocker, Selim Lemouchi has died.
Dutch rocker, Selima Lemouchi has died.
Dutch rocker Selima - Lemouchi has died.
Dutch rocker, Selima Lemouchi has died.
Dutch rocker Selima - Lemouchi has died.
Sachin Kumar Tendulkar announced on his retirement from international Test cricket.
Sachin Tendulkar announced of his now imminent retirement from Test cricket.
Sachin Kumar Tendulkar announced on his retirement early from Test cricket.
Sachin Tendulkar has also announced his retirement early from Test cricket.
Sachin Kumar Tendulkar announced his now imminent retirement from Test cricket.
Hyundai's Xcenter sedan was launched in India.
Hyundai's first Xcenter sedan launched in India.
Hyundai's first Xcenter sedan launched in India.
Hyundai's the first Xcent sedan launched in India.
Hyundai's Xcent sedan line was launched in India.
The San Diego Golden State Aztecs will have completed their 2014 season non - - conference football schedule.
The San Diego Golden State Aztecs have not completed all their 2014 season non - conference football schedule.
The San Diego Golden State Aztecs have completed their 2014 non - conference conference and conference football schedule.
The San Diego Diego Diego State Aztecs have completed their 2014 non - - - conference football schedule.
The San Diego Diego State Aztecs have completed half their 2014 season non - conference conference football schedule.
The UN Human Rights Rights Watch has also accused the Syrian rebels of war crimes.
The Human Rights Watch Watch has accused Syrian armed rebels " " of war crimes.
The Human Rights Watch'official report has accused the Syrian rebels of war crimes.
The Human - Rights Watch report has also accused the Syrian rebels of war crimes.
The Human - Rights Watch has accused the Syrian Arab rebels of committing war crimes.
Nineteen people were indicted in a conspiracy and a conspiracy to traffic amounts of heroin, including illegal crack cocaine, and pills in Fort Marion, Ohio.
Nineteen people were indicted in a conspiracy to traffic amounts of illegal heroin, including illegal crack cocaine, cocaine and pills cocaine in South Marion, Ohio.
Nineteen people involved were indicted, convicted in a conspiracy to traffic amounts of heroin, crack - cocaine, cocaine and pills in South Marion, Ohio.
Nineteen people " were indicted in a conspiracy to traffic large amounts " of heroin, including crack cocaine, and pills in downtown South Marion, Ohio.
Nineteen people were indicted in a conspiracy to traffic in large " amounts " of heroin, crack cocaine, and sleeping pills in South Marion, Ohio.
Goalie coach, Matt Hackett has gone retroactive with his new mask.
Goalie, Matty Hackett has just gone retro with his new mask.
Goalie Matt Hackett, has gone completely retroactive with his new mask.
Goalie Matty Lee Hackett has gone retroactive with his new mask.
Goalie Matt Hackett has gone into the retro with his brand new mask.
Narendranath Singh Modiwal has today stressed the need for innovation in the health sector.
Narendranath Modi today stressed on addressing the need for innovation opportunities in the health sector.
Narendranath Modi has today stressed the urgent need for innovation opportunities in the health sector.
Narendra Modi today has stressed on addressing the need for innovation in developing the health sector.
Narendra Modi today has stressed the urgent need is for more innovation in the health sector.
His fighter Zouwen Shiming, could not be seen fighting for a world title by the very end of 2014.
His fighter Zou Shiming could not be fighting for a world heavyweight boxing title, by at the end of 2014.
His former Chinese professional fighter, Zou Shiming could be fighting for a new world title by the end of 2014.
His former fighter Zou Shiming could be fighting again for a vacant world light heavyweight title by the end of 2014.
His fighter, Zoung Shiming could not be fighting again for a new world title by the end of 2014.
John Kerry is considering possibly creating a Arctic Treaty ambassador position.
John Kerry Kerry is considering creating a Arctic Treaty ambassador position.
John Kerry also is creating him a new Arctic ambassador position.
John Kerry is considering creating for him a Arctic ambassador position.
John Kerry also is creating him in a Arctic ambassador position.
Mississippi State beat out Kennesaw Mountain Georgia State 78 55.
Mississippi Valley State also beat Kennesaw State, 78 55.
Mississippi Valley State beat Kennesaw Mountain State 78 78 55.
Mississippi Valley State Polytechnic State beat Kennesaw State 78 55.
Mississippi State beat the Kennesaw - Mountain State 78 55.
Emmerdale is to mark off with the death of Sir Alan Turner.
Emmerdale is to mark both the death anniversary celebrations of Alan Turner.
Emmerdale is believed to also mark the death of Sir Alan Turner.
Emmerdale Day is to also mark the death anniversary of Alan Turner.
Emmerdale is to also officially mark the death anniversary of Alan Turner.
Gold rose for the fifth - consecutive time in six sessions as the US silver dollar's price drop boosted.
Gold rose for only the fifth - consecutive time, in six sessions as the dollar's price drop boosted.
Gold rose again, for the fifth - consecutive time in the six sessions as the dollar's drop boosted.
Gold prices rose once and again for the fifth consecutive time in six sessions as the dollar's drop boosted.
Gold rose again for only the record fifth consecutive time in six sessions as if the dollar's drop boosted.
Alaska state officials want to invest in financing such a natural gas project.
Alaska state officials want Alaska to invest heavily in a natural gas project.
Alaska officials want to fully invest in financing such a natural gas project.
Alaska officials want Alaskans to invest in a new natural gas project.
Alaska state officials want to also invest heavily in a natural gas project.
A second MAN car was taken to the hospital following in a two car collision.
A MAN was also later taken to the hospital, following a two car collision.
A second second MAN was taken to hospital following suffering a two - car collision.
A MAN driver was later taken back to hospital following a fatal two car collision.
A MAN was taken to the hospital following suffering from in a two car collision.
Cut in gold imports has also helped in the way curbing trade deficit.
Cuts in foreign gold from imports has helped in curbing trade deficit.
Cut in of gold from imports has also helped in curbing trade deficit.
Cuts in gold imports has also helped China in curbing trade deficit.
Cut in gold imports, and has also helped in curbing trade deficit.
A military helicopter crew had performed an emergency emergency landing in the Iraqi province town of Hadhramawt.
A military transport helicopter had performed an emergency emergency landing operation in the province capital of Hadhramawt.
A military helicopter had also performed an emergency emergency landing in and nearby the province of Hadhramawt.
A military helicopter had also performed an emergency landing in Aleppo and nearby the province of Hadhramawt.
A military transport helicopter had also performed an emergency landing rescue operation in the province of Hadhramawt.
A tourist fell down a crack at the Thingvellir National Historical Research Park, in Iceland today.
A tourist fell dead down a cracker hole at Thingvellir National Park, in Iceland today.
A tourist who fell dead falling down a crack at Thingvellir National Park in southern Iceland today.
A tourist fell down through a rock crack at Thingvellirð National Park, in Iceland today.
A Norwegian tourist fell down through a crack at Thingvellirð National Park, in Iceland today.
GKR Vasan today joined him in expressing reservations over India not voting unanimously and in favour of passing a resolution at the UNHRC against Sri Lanka for alleged and alleged human rights violations.
GKR Vasan today joined him in expressing reservations over India not even voting in favour of a resolution at UNHRCS annual meeting against Sri Lanka for alleged human - rights rights violations.
GK Vasan today, has joined in expressing his reservations over India not voting in favour of a resolution currently being made aimed at the UNHRC against Sri Lanka for alleged human rights violations.
GK Vasan today joined them in by publicly expressing all his reservations over India not voting in favour of a resolution being aimed at UNHRC against Sri Lanka government for alleged human rights violations.
GKR Vasan today joined in expressing reservations over India for India not voting in in the favour of a resolution aimed at UNHRC against Sri - Lanka government for alleged human rights violations.
Tina Brown took to blasting with producer Howard Kurtz.
Tina Brown then later took steps to blast Howard Kurtz.
Tina Brown then took to being the blast Howard Kurtz.
Tina Brown then took off to blast out Howard Kurtz.
Tinah Brown, then took to blast Howard Kurtz.
Council is now also protesting against the education tax hike.
Council is protesting strongly against the education spending tax hike.
Council is also protesting the public education and tax hike.
Councilman is also protesting the education and tax hike.
Council is also protesting against increasing the education tax hike.
ETA Group has launched a brand new brand campaign.
ET has launched a successful, new - brand campaign.
ET has launched with a new - look brand campaign.
ETA has also launched yet a new brand campaign.
ET has launched with a new brand new brand campaign.
2Chainz has been also charged with a federal felony drug posession.
2Chainze has been formally charged twice with felony drug posession.
2Chainz has been charged twice each with felony and drug posession.
2Chainzex has been charged with a felony drug posession.
2Chainz has been most recently also charged with felony drug posession.
The Toronto Maple - Leafs have placed defenceman, John - Paul Michael Lilesman on waivers.
The then newly expansion expansion Toronto Maple Leafs have placed defenceman John - Michael Liles on waivers.
The Toronto Maple Leafs also have a placed defenceman, John - Michael Lilesman on waivers.
The Toronto Toronto Maple Leafs have placed defenceman Johnnie - Michaele Lilesberg on waivers.
The expansion Toronto Toronto Maple Leafs have placed defenceman, John - Michael Liles, on waivers.
Bohai Xilai has appealed against his life sentence, for his alleged abuse of power, corruption.
Bo Xilai has repeatedly appealed against his mandatory, life prison sentence for abuse of power, corruption.
Bou Xilaig has appealed against his life sentence for abuse of his political power, corruption.
Bo Xilai has also appealed against his own own life sentence for abuse of his power, corruption.
Bou Xilai has appealed against his life sentence for abuse of all his political power, corruption.
The BRAA is sponsoring a free bus trip going back to UAB.
The BRAA is also sponsoring students a bus trip back to UAB.
The BRAA is also sponsoring students a bus - trip to UAB.
The BRAA is sponsoring a bus - trip going back to UAB.
The BRAA is also sponsoring students a free bus trip to UAB.
Uganda also says it does not need international aid or financial aid.
Uganda says it does not need international or domestic domestic financial aid.
Uganda says however that it still does not need international financial aid.
Uganda says it does not really even really need international financial aid.
Uganda also explicitly says that it does not need international financial aid.
A Republican lobbyist and George W. Bush administration official who has also been charged with sexually assaulting " " a woman.
A lobbyist and George W.. Bush administration communications official has been charged with sexually sexually assaulting nearly twice a woman.
A Republican lobbyist and George W. Bush administration official has been charged with allegedly allegedly sexually sexually physically assaulting a woman.
A Republican lobbyist and George W.. Bush presidential administration official has been falsely charged with sexually sexually assaulting a woman.
A lobbyist, and George W. Bush administration official who has been falsely charged, twice with sexually assaulting a woman.
James Arthurs has quit Twitter following having had a row in with Frankie Boyle.
James - Arthur has quit on Twitter, following having a row with Frankie Boyle.
James Arthurs has since quit Twitter following a Twittering row with Frankie Boyle.
James Arthur has quit Twitter following having a long row with Irish comedian Frankie Boyle.
James Lee - Arthur has quit Twitter following having a row in with Frankie Boyle.
Selena - Gomez who is ready to put and to take on all the world.
Selena Gomez is ready to stay well put, and take revenge on the world.
Selena Gomez is now ready to stay put and take revenge on all the world.
Selena Gomez is ready to finally put herself down and finally take on the world.
Selena Gomez is ready to stay put and take on all of just the world.
A family of asylum seekers, will soon to be reunited.
A family of asylum seekers, who will soon be reunited.
A large family of asylum - seekers will soon be reunited.
A family, of former asylum seekers, will be reunited.
A family of former Nazi asylum - seekers will be reunited.
AT & T will be hiring for not no more than than 100 jobs.
AT & T T will be hiring workers for more than $ 100 jobs.
AT & T T will be now hiring for more than $ 100 jobs.
AT & T'employees will not be hiring for more than 100 jobs.
AT & T will be now hiring 300 people for more than 100 jobs.
Pakistan also imposed also, a curfew in the city of Rawalpindi.
Pakistan imposed a curfew imposed in the city limits area of Rawalpindi.
Pakistan imposed a curfew in the city limits area north of Rawalpindi.
Pakistan imposed a new mandatory curfew in the capital city of Rawalpindi.
Pakistan imposed a curfew in the northern city - limits of Rawalpindi.
Rahul Gandhi had promised sports training facilities only in Manipur.
Rahul Gandhi promised more sports facilities there than in Manipur.
Rahul Gandhi also promised more modern sports facilities in Manipur.
Rahula Chandra Gandhi promised sports facilities only in Manipur.
Rahula Gandhi had promised sports facilities only in Manipur.
Four researchers from at the University of Pennsylvania have been twice elected to the prestigious American Academys Academy of the Arts and Sciences.
Four researchers also from the Indiana University, of Pennsylvania, have been elected to the prestigious American Academy of Arts Sciences and Sciences.
Four distinguished graduate researchers from the University of Pennsylvania have been elected fellows annually to the American Academy of both the Arts and Sciences.
Four researchers, from at least, the University of Western Pennsylvania have been elected to the American Academy of the Arts and Sciences.
Four researchers also from the University of Pennsylvania have each been elected unanimously to formally join the American Academy of the Arts and Sciences.
Mahmoud Abbas said the Jordan Valley was based on following a red line.
Mahmoud Abbasi has said that the Jordan Valley was a red line.
Mahmoud Ibn Abbas Ibn Abbas said the Jordan Valley was a red line.
Mahmoud Abbas said the Jordan Valley border was on to a red line.
Mahmoud Abbasi said the Jordan Valley government was on a red line.
How can i i get without using a credit card check loan options.
How much money can i not get without a credit check loan options.
How can i get without a few more credit card check loan options.
How can'i not get without a credit check and loan options.
How can i not get without having a few credit check loan options.
Nepal will seek import of about 10, 000 milking cows from India.
Nepal will seek importation of 10, 000 cows imported directly from India.
Nepal will seek import of 10, 000 000 milk - cows from India.
Nepal will also seek import of about 10, 000 milk cows from India.
Nepal government also, will seek import of 10, 000 cows from India.
Ahmedabad Mayor, Narendra Modi, will interact with people gathered at 1, 000 tea stalls.
Ahmedabad Narendra Modi will interact with people working daily at 1, 000 000 000 tea stalls.
Ahmedabad Narendra Modi will interact with the local local business people at 1, 000 tea stalls.
Ahmedabad Mayor Narendranath Modi will interact directly with the people at 1, 000 tea stalls.
Ahmedabad Narendra Modi will also interact with the people working at over 1, 000 tea stalls.
Shots were also fired outside in an East Odessa neighborhood.
Shots that were also reportedly fired in an Odessa neighborhood.
Shots were fired in downtown Odessa from an Odessa neighborhood.
Shots were also fired coming in from an Odessa neighborhood.
Shots moments later were also fired in an Odessa neighborhood.
Soulfly has released a new, official, music video.
Soulfly has also released a new, official music video.
Soulflyer has released yet a new official music video.
Soulflyer has released a brand new official music video.
Soulfly has released a new and official official music video.
Shaikh Abu Mohammad Bin Abdul Zayed Al Al Al Nahyan received General Lloyd J. Austin.
Shaikh Mohammad bin Ali Bin Zayed Al Nahyan received Brigadier General from Lloyd J. Austin.
Shaikh Abu Mohammad Bin Zayed Al Al - Nahyan received General Lloyd George J. Austin.
Shaikh Abu Mohammad Ali Bin Zayed Al Nahyan received from Brigadier General Lloyd J. Austin.
Shaikh Mohammad - Ali Bint Zayed Al Nahyan received General Lloyd George J. Austin.
Grand Bahama Police Department arrest suspect for possession of an illegal unlicensed firearm and several other dangerous drugs - is in Police Department custody morning.
Grand Bahama Police Station - arrest suspect for illegal possession of an unlicensed firearm and dangerous illegal drugs. - is in Police custody morning.
Grand Bahama Police arrest - suspect arrested for possession of unlicensed firearm and dangerous illegal drugs - is held in by the Police custody morning.
Grand Bahama Police arrester - suspect for possession of unlicensed, illegal firearm and dangerous illegal drugs. - is in Police custody morning.
Grand Bahama - - Police - arrest suspect for possession of unlicensed firearm and dangerous illegal drugs - he is still in Police custody morning.
Pope Francis welcomed President Barack Barack Obama.
Pope Pope Francis welcomed President Barack Obama.
Pope Pope Francis welcomed President Barack Obama.
Pope Pope Francis welcomed President Barack Obama.
Pope Pope Francis also welcomed Barack Obama.
Music defines the musical harmony aspect of life.
Music theory defines the musical harmony of life.
Music also further defines the harmony of life.
Music defines the musical musical harmony of life.
Music defines only the harmony aspect of life.
Hilden Brewery & Company is to have target businesses in Boston.
Hilden Brewery is specifically designed specifically to target businesses in Boston.
Hilden Brewery is to target small local businesses based in Boston.
Hilden Brewery plan is to specifically target small businesses in Boston.
Hildenville Street Brewery project is to target businesses in Boston.
Lea - Michele is breaking off her phone silence online.
Lea - Michele is now finally breaking her silence online.
Lea Michele is just now breaking off her silence online.
Lea - Michele believes herself is breaking her silence online.
Lea Michele is now breaking - off her silence online.
Hundreds of the seniors took to the streets, performing in the yangge, a traditional Chinese folk dance.
Hundreds of seniors also took to walking the streets, performing yangge, or a traditional Chinese folk dance.
Hundreds of seniors then took to walking the streets, performing yangge, or a Chinese traditional folk dance.
Hundreds of young seniors took part to walking the city streets, performing yangge, a traditional folk dance.
Hundreds of seniors took to the city streets, often performing yangge, or a traditional Chinese folk dance.
Watson claimed yet another second straight green jacket by shooting a 3 - under 69 in on to the second final round Sunday.
Watson claimed another unofficial world green jacket title by after successfully shooting a 3 - under 697 in the final round Sunday.
Watson claimed yet another world green jacket by shooting a 3 - foot under - 69 in on the final - round Sunday.
Watson claimed another green jacket victory by then successfully, shooting for a stunning 3 - under 69 in the final round Sunday.
Watson then claimed another green - jacket by shooting for a stunning, 3 - - under 69 in the final round Sunday.
The Jewish Menswear Club of Congregation Beth Israel will hold up a charity Blood Drive.
The Menswear Club of Congregations Beth Beth Israel will also hold a Blood Drive.
The Young Mens Club of Congregation Beth Israel will hold a new charity called Blood Drive.
The Jewish Young - Mens Club of Congregations Beth Israel will hold a Blood Drive.
The Menswear Club chapter of Congregations Beth Israel will hold a charity Blood Drive.
A penny - farthing mountain bike was stolen.
A stolen five penny farthing bike was stolen.
A penny a - farthing bike was stolen.
A penny farthing a biker was stolen.
A penny farthing from the bike was stolen.
Charlie Sheen was denied direct access to see his other two sons.
Charlie Sheen was also denied access to his other remaining two sons.
Charlie Sheeny was denied access to see both his two sons.
Charlie Sheeny was denied the access rights to his two sons.
Charlie Sheeny was also denied parental access to his two sons.
A baby girl died, at such - a relief camp.
A young baby girl has died at a disaster relief camp.
A baby girl has died at just such a relief camp.
A young baby girl died later at a disaster relief camp.
A baby - girl died at just such a relief camp.
Tears of Regret, who will also be releasing a new EP.
Tears of Regret then will be releasing as a brand new EP.
Tears Out of Regret will also be seen releasing a new EP.
Tears of Regret will also be seen currently releasing a new EP.
Tears of Regret will also be seen releasing a brand new EP.
Suicide bombings, and attacks across Iraq killed possibly, at least another 33 people.
Suicide bombings and attacks all over across Iraq have killed, at least 33 people.
Suicide bombings, and attacks across northern Iraq killed at least - least 33 people.
Suicide car bombings and attacks across Iraq, may have killed at least 33 people.
Suicide bombings and attacks across northern Iraq have killed, at, least 33 people.
Obama met with the other Senate Republicans.
Obama met - up with Senate Republicans.
Obama also met with the Senate Republicans.
Obama also frequently met with Senate Republicans.
Obama also met regularly with Senate Republicans.
China, and India signed on a deal aimed at creating soothing tension.
China and India signed a deal aimed primarily aimed at creating soothing tension.
China and India signed a deal that was aimed primarily at soothing tension.
China and in the India signed on a deal aimed at soothing tension.
China and the India side signed a trade deal aimed at soothing tension.
Raymond Felton, has also lost up up to 15 pounds.
Raymond Felton has lost weight up to only about 15 pounds.
Raymond Felton, who himself has lost up to 15 pounds.
Raymond Felton has lost up to just about. 15 pounds.
Raymonde - Felton has lost up to to 15 pounds.
Keith Rowley, has warned for cuts, attacks or false messiahs.
Keith Rowley has been warned not for cuts, or false messiahs.
Keith - Rowley has warned people for tax cuts or false messiahs.
Keith - Rowley also has warned for cuts or for false messiahs.
Keith Rowley has been also repeatedly warned for cuts or false messiahs.
Barack - Obama has refused to give ground.
Barack Obama refused to ever officially give ground.
Barack Obama refused to officially officially give ground.
Barack Obama refused to ever officially give ground.
Barack Obama however has refused to give ground.
A Waterbury County Police man was killed.
A young, Waterbury man was killed.
A young Waterbury black man was killed.
A Waterbury County Police man was killed.
A Waterbury man also, was killed.
Early findings over a $ 1080 dropout that had gone wrong, has shown no evidence the public sector was in danger.
Early findings over a 1080 drop, gone completely wrong, has shown no real evidence that the general public was in danger.
Early findings over time whether a 1080 drop gone wrong has shown virtually absolutely no evidence the public sector was not in danger.
Early findings overcoming a 1080 drop had not gone wrong and has now shown no evidence the public was actually in danger.
Early findings of overcoming of a $ 1080 drop gone wrong has also shown no real evidence the public was in danger.
Dick Clark Theatre productions has also been partnered up with The Music Choice in connection with the 2013 American Music Awards.
Dickie Clark productions has been partnered with Music Choice in connection with its hosting the 2013 Latin American Music Awards.
Dick Clark Theatre productions has partnered with The Music Choice in connection with with the inaugural 2013 Great American Music Awards.
Dick Clark productions has partnered with Music Choices in direct - connection with the 2013 Great North American Music Awards.
Dick Clark productions and has partnered up with Music Choices in connection and with hosting the 2013 American Music Awards.
Britain was braced for its worst storm, yet in a decade.
Britain braced for perhaps its worst winter storm in over a decade.
Britain braced for its worst storm, yet in over a decade.
Britain itself was braced for its worst winter storm in a decade.
Britain braced for perhaps perhaps even its worst storm in a decade.
Lamprell has completed the final land sale process of INSPEC.
Lamprello has completed on the final sale of INSPEC.
Lamprell has recently also completed the final sale of INSPEC.
Lamprell has also been completed on the sale of INSPEC.
Lamprell has completed all the sale and process of INSPEC.
Retail and gasoline prices have since also jumped 8 cents across Texas.
Retail gasoline prices alone have jumped 8 cents % annually across Texas.
Retail gasoline prices however have since jumped to 8 cents across Texas.
Retail gasoline prices have jumped to 8½ cents annually across Texas.
Retail gasoline prices alone have since jumped 8 cents annually across Texas.
A new Skaran Brae could be uncovered, even if following the storms.
A whole new planet Skara Brae could be uncovered, even following the storms.
A new Skarae Brae could be easily uncovered, even following the storms.
A new planet Skara - Braer could be uncovered, following the storms.
A new Skaran Braer could also be uncovered, following the storms.
Chad, Michael Murray, has gone public again with his new romance.
Chad Michael Murray has gone public once and again with his new romance.
Chad - Michael Murray has gone public with revealing his brand new romance.
Chad - Michael Murray has gone public with his brand - new romance.
Chad - boyfriend Michael Murray has gone public with revealing his new romance.
The Pittsburgh Steelers signed the former Pitt running back Ray Graham.
The Pittsburgh Steelers signed up the former Pitt running Ray Graham.
The Steelers also signed up the former Pitt running Ray Graham.
The Steelers signed former Brad - Pitt running back Ray Graham.
The Steelers also signed the then former Pitt running Ray Graham.
Two young female jewelry store employees were robbed at gunpoint, in Oceanside.
Two female jewelry store employees were also robbed at gunpoint, in Oceanside.
Two jewelry store chain employees were robbed at a gunpoint, in Oceanside.
Two jewelry - store chain employees were also robbed at gunpoint in Oceanside.
Two female local jewelry jewelry store employees were robbed at gunpoint in Oceanside.
Moby speaks up support for the shelter pets.
Moby speaks up his support for shelter pets.
Moby Dick speaks up for the shelter pets.
Moby speaks up for keeping the shelter pets.
Moby speaks it up specifically for shelter pets.
The Banker Association of Northern England has released the minutes.
The Bank of New England website has released all the minutes.
The State Bank of New England has released all the minutes.
The Royal Bank Bank of England has released all the minutes.
The Banker of England website has not released the minutes.
Barack - Obama also blamed the Republicans for the government shutdown.
Barack Obama blamed the opposition Senate Republicans for the government shutdown.
Barack Obama blamed Republicans responsible for the October 2008 government shutdown.
Barack Obama blamed both the Republicans for calling the government shutdown.
Barack Obama blamed Republicans for not calling the federal government shutdown.
A lone motorist struck a large wild burro.
A motorist had struck like a wild burro.
A motorist struck at a nearby wild burro.
A motorist struck at him a wild burro.
A motorist who had struck a wild burro.
Cross - country began.
Cross - country began.
Cross - country began.
Cross - country began.
Cross - country began.
George Osborne has also long since also refused to rule out a possible further tax cut for the rich.
George George Osborne has consistently refused to rule carrying out a any further tax cut for all the rich.
George Henry Osborne has refused to explicitly - rule - out a further tax - cut for the rich.
George Osborne however has refused to rule setting out a possible further tax - cut for all the rich.
George Osborne, has also refused to rule - out - a possible further tax cut for the rich.
An al - Qaida linked group claimed to them the direct responsibility for a suicide car bombing.
An unnamed al - - Qaida linked Islamic terrorist group claimed responsibility for a suicide car bombing.
An al - Qaida linked group claimed also the responsibility for a second suspected suicide car bombing.
An unnamed Shia al - - Qaida linked group claimed responsibility for a suspected suicide car bombing.
An al - Qaida linked terrorist group claimed the responsibility for a second attempted suicide car bombing.
Jon Stewart returned home as the new host of The Daily Show.
Jon Stewart returned home as the host of The Colbert Daily Show.
Jonny Stewart also returned as host of The Colbert Daily Show.
Jonny Stewart returned as the host again of The Daily Show.
Jon Stewart returned home as was the host of The Daily Show.
Scanico has long since become Provisur's global partner in commercial water freezing technology.
Scanico has become both the Provisur's global partner company in commercial freezing technology.
Scanico has become also the Provisur's global strategic partner in commercial freezing technology.
Scanico has since become Provisur's global lead development partner in commercial freezing technology.
Scanico has also become Provisur's first global partner in the commercial freezing technology.
The Blue Mules advance directly to win their Elite Eight.
The Mules advance on to win their first Elite Eight.
The Blue Mules advance to and win their Elite Eight.
The Mules advance on to win in their Elite Eight.
The Blue Mules then advance on to their Elite Eight.
BIRMINGHAM, How To Kill a Mockingbird author Harper Lee is settling in a lawsuit that she filed against a museum located in or nearby her hometown.
BIRMINGHAM, To Kill a Mockingbird author, Jennifer Harper - Lee is settling in court a lawsuit she filed against a museum located in her hometown.
BIRMINGHAM, To Kill a Mockingbird by author Harper Lee, LLC is settling a lawsuit that she filed against a museum located in nearby her hometown.
BIRMINGHAM, To Kill a Mockingbird author Harper Lee is settling a lawsuit she filed against at a very small local history museum in nearby her hometown.
BIRMINGHAM, To Kill a Mockingbird author, by Jennifer Harper Lee, is currently settling a civil lawsuit she filed against a museum in her hometown.
Jadeveon, Clowney, Texas was ticketed for going 110 mph in only a 70 mph zone.
Jadeveon Clowney, was ticketed for going 110 mph, in only a 70 - mph zone.
Jadeveon Clowney was ticketed in Florida for driving going 110 mph in only a 70 mph zone.
Jadeveon Clowney, was ticketed in for going 110 mph in a full - 70 mph zone.
Jadeveon Clowney was also ticketed for not going 110 mph, in a 70 - mph zone.
The ceasefire regimen was also violated on the contact line between Azerbaijani and the Armenian armies.
The Azerbaijani ceasefire regime was violated while on contact - free line between Azerbaijani and Armenian armies.
The Azerbaijani ceasefire regime was violated on contact - line basis between Azerbaijanis and Armenian armies.
The ceasefire regime was violated on contact line during negotiations being conducted between Azerbaijani and Armenian armies.
The Azerbaijani ceasefire and regime was violated on contact line during negotiations between Azerbaijani and Armenian armies.
Jane Beshear also regularly visited the NetGain Technologies'headquarters.
Janelle and Beshear visited NetGains Technologies'headquarters.
Janelle and Beshear visited NetGain Technologies Ltd'headquarters.
Jane Beshear has also frequently visited NetGain Technologies'headquarters.
Janelle Beshear visited the former NetGain Technologies'headquarters.
Jose Mourinho wants Chelsea'players to play with them at a higher intensity and destroy teams.
Jose Mourinho wants for the Chelsea to have better play with a higher intensity and destroy teams.
Jose Mourinho also, wants Chelsea to play with a higher intensity, attack and destroy teams.
Jose Maria Mourinho wants Chelsea to play football with only a higher intensity and not destroy teams.
Jose Mourinho wants Chelsea to play with a higher intensity, and to not only destroy teams.
The very early bird may then also catch the worm.
The early - terrestrial bird species may catch the worm.
The early morning bird feeder may also catch the worm.
The early morning bird may sometimes also catch the worm.
The first very early bird may also catch the worm.
Researchers have also also recently developed a personalized tool that they can predict the likelihood of prostate root cancer overdiagnosis.
Researchers have developed a personalized toolbox that can help predict the likelihoods of prostate root canal cancer overdiagnosis.
Researchers have developed a personalized, statistical tool that can predict the relative likelihoods of a prostate cancer overdiagnosis.
Researchers have developed such as a personalized tool that can predict accurately the likelihoods of prostate cancer cancer overdiagnosis.
Researchers have developed a personalized tool that can also help predict the likelihoods of prostate and root cancer overdiagnosis.
Volunteers have gathered together to help out the service members in need.
Volunteers gathered together to help help out service members still in need.
Volunteers have gathered together to help out service - members in need.
Volunteers gathered together to help out service members, still in need.
Volunteers gathered to help help help out service - members in need.
Capsword United FC registered their first win.
Caps : United registered their very first win.
Caps United FC registered their very first win.
Capsword United FC registered their first win.
Caps United registered their very very first win.
The Knights Club of Columbus will be hosting at least their Oktoberfest.
The Knights of Columbus also will also be hosting at their Oktoberfest.
The Knights of Columbus will also also be hosting at their Oktoberfest.
The Knights of Columbus will be also also be hosting their Oktoberfest.
The Knights of Christopher Columbus will also be hosting at their Oktoberfest.
Visa for Europe which will use the Xelerate to track.
Visa for Europe which will use Xelerate technology to track.
Visa Europe will now also use the Xelerate to track.
Visa Europe will also now also use Xelerate to track.
Visas for Europe will also use Xelerate to track.
A financial services advisor has been falsely found not guilty, of murdering his wealthy client.
A financial services advisor has been falsely found guilty of nearly murdering his most wealthy client.
A financial services advisor has recently been found guilty of murdering only one his wealthy client.
A wealthy financial services advisor has been found guilty, of nearly murdering his wealthy client.
A wealthy financial advisor has been found guilty of deliberately murdering only his most wealthy client.
The federal courthouse in downtown Baltimore Baltimore City was evacuated.
The former federal courthouse in downtown Baltimore City was evacuated.
The federal courthouse administration building in Baltimore City was evacuated.
The federal courthouse building located in Baltimore City was evacuated.
The federal federal courthouse in downtown Baltimore City was evacuated.
Zane Benefits published new job - satisfaction tips for introducing defined employee contribution to employees.
Zane Benefits published new job satisfaction management tips for introducing defined contribution methods to employees.
Zane Benefits published two new job tips designed for introducing a defined contribution to employees.
Zanes Benefits has published new tips, designed for introducing defined contribution to employees.
Zanes Benefits published new tips designed for introducing defined - contribution schemes to employees.
TRS chief M K. Chandrasekhara Rao today met Rahul Gandhi.
TRS chief K Chandrasekhara Rama Rao today has met Rahul Gandhi.
TRS chief M K. S Chandrasekhar Rao today met Rahul Gandhi.
TRS chief inspector M. K Chandrasekhar Rao today met Rahul Gandhi.
TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao today has also met with Rahul Gandhi.
We know, everything but Disneyland Disney has ditched the Star Wars 1313 trademark.
We know but Disney has completely or just ditched the Star - Wars 1313 trademark.
We all know but Disneyland has completely ditched on the Star Wars 1313 trademark.
We know but fear that Disneyland has ditched the Star - Wars 1313 trademark.
We know, but Disney has totally ditched on the old Star Wars 1313 trademark.
Maukh stepped back down at Kenton.
Mauk stepped down, smiling at Kenton.
Mauk stepped slowly back down at Kenton.
Mauk stepped down smiling down at Kenton.
Mauk stepped down smiling down at Kenton.
Slade Blackwell, has decided he or himself will likely not run for Alabama's seat in Congress.
Slade Blackwell has since decided he himself will likely not again run for Alabama's seat in Congress.
Slade Blackwell, who has decided he will not again run again for Alabama's seat in Congress.
Slade Blackwell has decided that he himself will likely not again run for Alabama's seat in Congress.
Slade - Blackwell has decided he will not run for Alabama's open seat back seat in Congress.
A Mesick County man has been charged with strangulation involved allegedly in solving a domestic violence case.
A Mesick man has been charged twice with attempted strangulation in solving a federal domestic violence case.
A young Mesick man has been charged twice with strangulation, in a domestic - violence case.
A Mesick maniac has been charged with multiple strangulation charges in a domestic - violence case.
A Mesick maniac has been charged twice with strangulation, in a domestic - violence case.
Air India should join the Star Alliance, emerging as a network carrier by this summer.
Air India should also also join Star Air Alliance, a network launched by this summer.
Air India should also also join Star Alliance, as a satellite network by this summer.
Air India should also join in the Star Alliance, a network by air this summer.
Air India should join the Lone Star Alliance, as a network, by this summer.
HOB was announced as a partner program.
HOB has announced a new partner program.
HOB International has announced a partner program.
HOB has announced a new partner program.
HOB announced as being a partner program.
Patricia Blair died, 2008 in NJ. She was 80.
Patricia Ann Blair She died, NJ She died was 80.
Patricia Ann Blair died, and NJ Sherry was 80.
Patricia Blair, died, in NJ. She was 80.
Patricia Ann Blair died, 2008 in NJ She was 80.
Emotionally - competent, bonobos are also capable of comforting each other in extreme times of distress.
Emotionally self - competent bonobos are also capable of comforting each - other in times of distress.
Emotionally - competent bonobos also are capable of comforting - each - other in times of distress.
Emotionally and competent, bonobos are capable only of comforting each other even in times of distress.
Emotionally competent, the two bonobos are capable of comforting each other in extreme times of distress.
Chris Christie Christie also will call for a round of comprehensive pension reform.
Chris Christie will call again for a new round of government pension reform.
Chris Christie, also will call for a new round of pension reform.
Chris Christie will also also call for such a round of pension reform.
Chris Christie will also help call Parliament for a round of pension reform.
South - Korean chipmaker SKY Hynix has posted a record operating profit.
South Korean chip chipmaker SKY Hynix has posted a record operating profit.
South Korean chipmaker SK Hynix posted to it a record high operating profit.
South Korean chipmaker, SKY Hynix posted a world record operating profit.
South - Korean chip chipmaker SK Hynix has posted a record operating profit.
Joe McElderry Band has announced a very special and festive gig.
Joe McElderry has recently also announced a special, festive gig.
Joe Joe McElderry has also announced a special, festive gig.
Joe McElderry has recently also announced a special, festive gig.
Joe McElderry has also recently announced a very special festive gig.
A man and a former US Army National Guard member is currently facing a trial on a terrorism charge.
A maniac and former US Army National Honor Guard member, he is facing a federal terrorism charge.
A drug maniac and former senior US Army National Guard member who now is facing a terrorism charge.
A drug maniac and now a former US Army Army National Guard member is facing a terrorism charge.
A young man and a former US - Army Army National Guard staff member is facing a terrorism charge.
Rush Limbaugh also has written about writing a children's book.
Rush Limbaugh III also has also written a children's book.
Rushdie Limbaugh has written a very popular children's book.
Rush Limbaugh has also has written about a children's book.
Rushdie Limbaugh has also recently written a children's book.
Campbell Brownlees has been sacked by the Golds Coast Suns.
Campbell Brown has since been sacked by the AFL Golds Coast Suns.
Campbell Brown has since been sacked, by both the Gold Coast Suns.
Campbell - Brownlee has been sacked by the AFL Gold Coast Suns.
Campbelle - Brown has been sacked again by the Gold Coast Suns.
The Panthers activated RB, RB Jonathan Stewart.
The Panthers activated backup RB, Jonathan Stewart.
The Carolina Panthers activated RB, Jonathan Stewart.
The Carolina Panthers activated backup RB Jonathan Stewart.
The Panthers activated their RB, Jonathan Stewart.
TV journalist Ashutosh Chandra Kumar is likely going to join the ruling Aam Admi Party.
TV journalist Ashutosh Chandra Kumar is likely to join with the Aamul Admi Party.
TV journalist Ashutosh is most likely going to join the Aamul - Admi Party.
TV news and journalist Ashutosh Kumar is likely to join the Aamul Admi Party.
TV journalist Ashutosh is likely to later also join in the Aamul Admi Party.
Infineon Energy Technologies, has been assigned with it a patent.
Infineon Energy & Technologies, LLC has been assigned a patent.
Infineon Technologies, LLC has not been officially assigned a patent.
Infineon Energy Technologies, has been recently officially assigned a patent.
Infineon Energy Technologies, has not been assigned with a patent.
Edward Edward Snowden plans now to ask Russia for a temporary asylum.
Edward Snowden plans it is to also ask Russia for temporary asylum.
Edward Snowden plans to ask Great Russia again, for temporary asylum.
Edward Snowden plans to ask the Imperial Russia government for temporary asylum.
Edward Edward Snowden plans it is to ask Russia for temporary asylum.
It is proposed to use gene - therapy in the human brain to treat binge drinking.
It is to use gene therapy drugs in the human and adult brain treat binge drinking.
It is to use gene therapy in the human brain for treating alcoholic binge drinking.
It is proposed to use gene therapy in the human adult brain treating binge drinking.
It also is to use gene therapy techniques in helping help the brain treat binge drinking.
38 constituencies in 8 southern provinces, registered but are currently still unable to register candidates.
38 constituencies in the other 8 other southern Ontario provinces are still unable to register candidates.
388 constituencies in 8 southern provinces are also still unable to properly properly register candidates.
38 constituencies, located in 8 southern provinces are still not being unable to register candidates.
388 provincial constituencies in the 8 southern provinces are still unable to properly register candidates.
Microsoft Office is rushing to fix a major security software flaw found in its Explorer browser.
Microsoft is rushing to fix a security flaw in installing its new Internet - Explorer browser.
Microsoft is currently rushing to fix such a security software flaw in its Internet Explorer browser.
Microsoft is currently rushing forward to fix a major security flaw in its Internet Explorer browser.
Microsoft Office is rushing to fix a major security and software flaw in its Explorer browser.
I might just find it easy to keep all of my clothes on, Taylor tells.
I find making it it easy to keep my own clothes back on, Taylor tells.
I find making it it easy enough to keep my clothes back on, Taylor tells.
I find it not so easy not to keep all my clothes on, Taylor tells.
I find it so easy to keep putting my clothes back on, " Taylor tells.
Chinese tourists will spend tourism in excess of $ 310bn annually in 2014.
Chinese tourists who will spend in the excess of 310bn annually in 2014.
Chinese tourists who will spend in excess of $ $ 310bn in 2014.
Chinese tourists will also spend in the annual excess of 310bn in 2014.
Chinese tourists who will not spend in excess of 310bn annually in 2014.
Militants reportedly have killed nine people in Iraq.
Militants also killed another nine people in Iraq.
Militants killed nine Iraqi Kurdish people in Iraq.
Militants reportedly killed nine Iraqi people in Iraq.
Militants reportedly have killed nine people in Iraq.
Brussels placed perhaps the greatest emphasis on the economic issues.
Brussels placed the greatest emphasis on the regional economic issues.
Brussels placed the emphasis on the major regional economic issues.
Brussels has placed the emphasis solely on the economic issues.
Brussels placed all of the emphasis solely on economic issues.
The talks with both the Taliban are now moving forward in just the right direction.
The talks underway with the Afghan Taliban are moving forward in just the right direction.
The talks with the Afghan Taliban leaders are not always moving in the right direction.
The talks with the Taliban are moving us all back, in the right direction.
The upcoming peace talks with the Afghan Taliban are moving us in the right direction.
Lille and Monaco kept pace, with leaders from Paris and Saint - Germain.
Lillehammer and AS Monaco kept pace with leaders from Paris Saint - Germain.
Lillehammer and Monaco both kept pace with race leaders Paris Saint - Germain.
Lille and Monaco kept pace, with the leaders from Paris Saint - Germain.
Lille and AS Monaco kept pace with world cup leaders Paris Saint - Germain.
The JSE finished flat out on a hot Tuesday ‚.
The first ever JSE meeting finished flat on Tuesday ‚.
The first JSE finished out flat on a Tuesday ‚.
The JSE was finished flat out on a Tuesday ‚.
The very first JSE finished flat on a Tuesday ‚.
Neymar has also set the fourth fastest ever hat trick scored in UEFA Champions League history.
Neymard has also set the fourth fastest ever hat trick in UEFA Champions League history.
Neymar has set also, the record for fourth fastest hat trick in Champions League history.
Neymar has since also set up the fourth fastest hat - trick in Champions League history.
Neymar has set - up the fourth fastest hat trick ever in UEFA Champions League history.
St. Joe Cardinals - Louis Cardinals Cardinals starter Jaime Garcia will have his shoulder examined.
St. Louis Cardinals and Cardinals starter Jaime Garcia will also have his left shoulder examined.
St. Louis Cardinals Cardinals'starter, Jaime Garcia will also have his shoulder examined.
St. Louis Cardinals'starter Jaime - Gabriel Garcia will also have his shoulder examined.
St. Louis - Joe Louis Cardinals starter Jaime Garcia, will have his shoulder examined.
A Cedar Rapids County man later pleaded guilty to vehicular traffic homicide in the death of an elderly Mary Alburnett woman.
A Cedars Mill Rapids police man later pleaded guilty to vehicular homicide resulting in the death of an Alburnett woman.
A very young Cedar Rapids man pleaded not - guilty to vehicular homicide resulting in the death of an Alburnett woman.
A Cedar Rapids man pleaded guilty twice to a vehicular assisted homicide in the shooting and death of an Alburnett woman.
A Cedar Rapids police man " pleaded guilty twice " to vehicular homicide in causing the death of an Alburnett woman.
Volusia County Sheriff Bennie Johnson suffered a milder severe heart attack.
Volusia County Sheriff Ben Johnson suffered a very much milder heart attack.
Volusia Valley County Sheriff Ben Johnson suffered from a very mild heart attack.
Volusia - Valley County Sheriff Ben Johnson suffered from a mild heart attack.
Volusia Valley County Sheriff Ben Johnson suffered from a very mild heart attack.
Kim Kardashian may not be but maybe she's worried North Carolina won't recognize.
Kim tells Kardashian she may be but who she's worried North won't recognize.
Kimber Kardashian she may be but she's still worried North won't recognize.
Kim Kardashian may be but right now she's worried North Carolina won't recognize.
Kim Kardashian it may be but she's still worried North Carolina won't recognize.
Barack Obama has also sought ways to leverage Latin American innovation.
Barack Obama has sought ways to better leverage Latin American innovation.
Barack Obama administration also has long sought to leverage American innovation.
Barack - Obama has sought to leverage Latin - American innovation.
Barack - Obama has sought ways to leverage Latin American innovation.
At least three terrorists, were also killed, in a relatively fresh drone strike.
At least three terrorists involved were killed, inciting a potential fresh drone strike.
At least, until another twenty three terrorists were killed in a fresh drone strike.
At least least three terrorists involved were also killed in launching a fresh drone strike.
At least twenty - three terrorists were killed in fighting a fresh US drone strike.
Germany is set to overtake as the top social networking social country market market ever in Western Europe by the year end end of 2014.
Germany is set to also be overtake as the top social - networking and social country worldwide in Western Europe by the end of 2014.
Germany is set up to overtake as being the top social social - networking country in Western Europe, by the year end of 2014.
Germany, which is set to overtake Russia, as the third top ranked social networking country in Western Europe by the end of 2014.
Germany is set up to be overtaken as the top social - networking country in Western Central Europe by the year end of 2014.
IANS WATKINS has been repeatedly jailed for over 35 years.
IAN WATKINS and has long since been jailed for 35 years.
IANA WATKINS has been repeatedly jailed, for 35 years.
IANS WATKINS has since been jailed for over 35 years.
IAN WATKINS has long since been jailed again for 35 years.
The economy will also greatly improve due to all the positive measures.
The economy also will improve, due mainly to the positive measures.
The economy will improve significantly due to taking all the positive measures.
The economy will also gradually improve due mainly to the positive measures.
The economy also will improve very significantly due to the positive measures.
Charlie Sheen himself has since quit drinking.
Charlie Van Der Sheen has quit drinking.
Charlie Van Sheen himself has quit drinking.
Charlie Sheen has since completely quit drinking.
Charlie and Van Sheen has quit drinking.
The women's group of today the Wesley Chapel United Methodist Church, will hold a rummage for sale today.
The women's group of Wesley Chapel United Methodist Church, will hold a large rummager for sale today.
The local women's group of Wesley United United Methodist Church, will hold up a rummage for sale today.
The local women's group of Wesley United Methodist Church members will hold up a large rummage for sale today.
The women's group chapter of Wesley Chapel United Methodist United United Methodist Church will hold a rummage sale today.
The Samsung Galaxy Samsung Gear 2 and Gear 3 Fit retailing prices have been leaked, and they still seem too expensive.
The Samsung Gears 2 Plus and Gear Fit prices may have been leaked and now they still seem like far too expensive.
The Samsung Gear 2 and Gear Fit prices list may not have even been leaked and therefore they still seem far too expensive.
The Samsung Gear 2 - Plus and Gears 2 Fit prices have been widely leaked and they still seem far too expensive.
The latest Samsung Gear 2 and Samsung Gear 3. Fit prices that have been widely leaked and they still seem too expensive.
Two Union residents, were charged specifically charged with drug possession, and cocaine trafficking.
Two Union residents were charged one with drug possession, and one with cocaine trafficking.
Two Soviet Union residents were also later charged with drug possession and illegal cocaine trafficking.
Two Union City area residents were charged specifically with illegal drug possession and cocaine trafficking.
Two Union - Square City residents were also charged with drug possession and cocaine trafficking.
Ismael Haniyeh phoned Iranian Vice President Mahmoud Ali Abbas in an effort to push reconciliation talks.
Ismael Haniyeh phoned Mahmoud Abbas in making an unsuccessful diplomatic effort to push for reconciliation talks.
Ismael Haniyeh phoned President Mahmoud Al - Abbasi in an effort to push reconciliation talks.
Ismael Haniyeh phoned Mahmoud Al Abbasi in making an urgent effort to push reconciliation talks.
Ismael Haniyeh phoned Mahmoud Al Abbas in making an ultimately unsuccessful effort to push reconciliation talks.
Pop star Lily Allen is dedicating her upcoming brand - new album, Sheezus to Amy Winehouse.
Pop star, Lily Allen is also also currently dedicating her new album Sheezus to Amy Winehouse.
Pop star Lily Allen is also also currently dedicating on her new album Sheezus to Amy Winehouse.
Pop star Lily Lee Allen is dedicating her brand - new album Sheezus to singer Amy Winehouse.
Pop star Lily Lee Allen is dedicating on her upcoming brand new album Sheezus to Amy Winehouse.
His father would never ever actually work with any one other actor.
His father would probably never work with any but one other actor.
His own father, would never work together with any other actor.
His father himself would never work well together with any other actor.
His father would most probably never work with just any other actor.
Jimmy Carr will return home to coach the Grays in March.
Jimmy Carrick will return to Grays Athletic later in March.
Jimmy and Carr will then return home to Grays in March.
Jimmy Carrington will not return home to Grays in March.
Jimmy and Carr will return home to Grays Green in March.
A new advert campaign being launched aims to reduce distracted driving.
A new advert campaign being launched aims to reduce distracted driving.
A brand - new ad campaign launched aims to reduce distracted driving.
A ad campaign launched aims mainly to help help reduce distracted driving.
A brand new ad campaign launched aims to help reduce distracted driving.
US Secretary of State John John Kerry defended against the US National Transportation Security Agency surveillance programs.
US Secretary of State John Kerry defended nearly all the National Security Intelligence Agency covert surveillance programs.
US Secretary of State, John John Kerry defended the US National Security Agency against surveillance programs.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has defended all the National Transportation Security Agency air surveillance programs.
US Secretary of State John Kerry defended all the National Transportation and Security Administration Agency surveillance programs.
The US dollar remained mostly slightly or higher in thin trade.
The dollar remained mostly higher and it was in thin trade.
The US dollar has remained mostly higher in the thin trade.
The dollar rate remained mostly higher in the relatively thin trade.
The dollar remained mostly higher in almost all the thin trade.
Demián Lovato has opened up more about her troubled childhood past, relationships and struggle with bipolar disorder.
Demián Lovato has opened herself up thinking about both of her troubled past and struggle with bipolar disorder.
Demi Lovato has opened up more about her own troubled childhood past, relationships and struggle with bipolar disorder.
Demi Lovato has opened up about both of them her troubled past and struggle issues with her bipolar disorder.
Demi Lovato has also opened up about her troubled childhood past and struggles dealing with her bipolar disorder.
PlayStation Network is struggling financially with extremely too - high volume.
PlayStation Network is currently struggling financially with extremely - high volume.
PlayStation Network version is struggling with extremely too - high volume.
PlayStation Network is also currently struggling financially with extremely high volume.
PlayStation Network Home Network is currently struggling with extremely high volume.
Rolfe Harris has been completely dropped from his own TV show.
Rolf Harris himself has been dropped from the hosting his TV show.
Rolf Harris has since been dropped from his own reality TV show.
Rolf Harris has long since been completely dropped from his TV show.
Rolf Harris has been dropped - off from his own TV show.
Brian Sandoval vetoed even such a redistricting bill.
Briana Sandoval vetoed such a redistricting bill.
Brian Sandoval vetoed such as a redistricting bill.
Brian Sandoval vetoed such a proposed redistricting bill.
Briano Sandoval vetoed a proposed redistricting bill.
LSU completed its season - opening weekend sweep.
LSU had also completed its opening weekend sweep.
LSU completed its season - opening weekend sweep.
LSU had also completed its opening weekend sweep.
LSU completed its season opening home weekend sweep.
Beinecke Museum will unveil a new rotating trio of exhibits.
Beinecke will unveil it in a complete trio of exhibits.
Beinecke will then unveil in part a trio of exhibits.
Beinecke Museum will unveil a trio series series of exhibits.
Beinecke Museum will also unveil a trio series of exhibits.
Facebook has also launched a privacy policy and guide aimed at survivors reporting of domestic violence.
Facebook has launched a privacy guideline aimed at helping female survivors of domestic domestic violence.
Facebook has launched a free mobile privacy guide aimed at helping survivors victims of domestic violence.
Facebook has also launched a privacy protection guideline aimed at survivors reporting of domestic violence.
Facebook has launched a privacy guideline, aimed specifically at helping survivors of domestic violence.
The Miami Dolphins also have signed Pro - Super Bowl tackle Branden Albert.
The current Miami Dolphins have signed Pro - Bowl defensive tackle Branden Albert.
The current Miami - Dolphins have signed former Pro Bowl tackle Branden Albert.
The Miami Dolphins also have signed Pro Bowl defensive tackle, Branden Albert.
The Miami Dolphins also have signed Pro Bowl tackler, Branden Albert.
Police are searching everywhere for a man wanted for all of the abuse.
Police are also searching for a man wanted for committing all the abuse.
Police are searching again for what a man had wanted for the abuse.
Police are searching again for such a man he wanted for the abuse.
Police officers there are also searching for a man wanted for the abuse.
The country also remembered Prime - Minister Rajiv Gandhi on his 69th year and birth anniversary.
The country has also been also remembered Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi on his 69th birth anniversary.
The country remembered former Prime - Minister Rajiv Gandhi visiting Gandhi on his 69th birth anniversary.
The country remembered Prime - Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi Gandhi, on his 69th birth anniversary.
The new new country also remembered Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi on celebrating his 69th birth anniversary.
TAOISEACH Enda Kenny, has defended a decrease in in number the number of available, temporary medical cards.
TAOISEACH President Enda Kenny has also defended a decrease in the number of temporary and permanent emergency medical cards.
TAOISEACH Enda Kenny, has defended against a decrease in in the number issued of temporary emergency medical cards.
TAOISEACH President Enda Kenny has defended a decrease in in the number issued of temporary and emergency medical cards.
TAOISEACH Enda Kenny, has defended against this a decrease in almost the total number of temporary medical cards.
ABC's Good - Morning America program is a saying to Josh Elliott.
ABC's Good Morning America program, is saying goodbye to Josh Elliott.
ABC's Good Morning America, America is saying to host Josh Elliott.
ABC's The Good - Morning America is a saying to Josh Elliott.
ABC's Good Morning America is a fan favorite saying to Josh Elliott.
CANNONVALE'S water treatment plant is up in front and running.
CANNONVALES'S treatment plant itself, is up and running.
CANNONVALES'S main sewage treatment plant is up and running.
CANNONVALE'S sewage - treatment - plant is up and running.
CANNONVALE'S treatment plant manager is up front up and running.
FeeXiv has raised $ 3 - million in additional Series A funding.
FeeX has since also successfully raised $ 3 million in Series A funding.
FeeX has raised over $ $ 3 million in initial Series A funding.
FeeX has raised $ 3 million in additional, Series - A funding.
FeeX has raised $ $ 3 million USD USD in Series A funding.
Issuances of services have returned to full normality with about 7, 000 passports.
Issuance services would have returned to normality with about $ 7, 000 000 passports.
Issuance of services have returned to normality with about $ 7, 000 000 passports.
Issuance services have been returned back to full normality with about 7, 000 passports.
Issuance services have been returned to normality with now only about 7, 000 passports.
Michelle Obama, has also wore a red Carolina Herrera look to the White House's state dinner.
Michelle Obama - Obama also wore a red Carolina Herrera look to the White House's state dinner.
Michelle Obama also wore a typical Carolina de la Herrera look to the White House's state dinner.
Michelle Obama Obama also wore wearing a Carolina Herrera look to the White House's annual state dinner.
Michelle Obama wore only a red Carolina Herrera look to attend the White House's annual state dinner.
Spuul has also been tied up financially with Boku, a carrier billing.
Spuuls has tied up with selling the Boku, a carrier billing.
Spuul has been allegedly tied - up with Boku, a carrier billing.
Spuul has also tied up a business with Boku, a carrier billing.
Spuuls also, has tied up with Boku, a carrier billing.
Clint Black, someone else who has been recently heralded, will perform.
Clint Black, who has been recently being heralded, also will perform.
Clint and Clint Black, who he has been heralded, will perform.
Clint Black, someone who also has been heralded, also will perform.
Clint and Black, who has been heralded, and also will perform.
A donut shop whose owner is after being found shot dead, in a robbery.
A donut shop owner who is after her being accidentally shot in during a robbery.
A donut shop owner is after her being shot and dead in during a robbery.
A donut shop owner is after being shot dead head - in during a robbery.
A small local donut shop whose owner is after being accidentally shot in a robbery.
Bank of America, and later, Merrill Lynch are expanding bringing to include the First Coast.
Bank of North America, and later Merrill - Lynch are expanding bringing to the First Coast.
Bank of America and Merrill Lynch are also expanding bringing business to include both the First Coast.
Bank of North - America, and Merrill Lynch are expanding and bringing to the First Coast.
Bank of America and Merrill - Lynch, which are expanding bringing to include the First Coast.
Criminally charged and serial child - abuser Stephen ` ` Rossi'' Walsh'will apply for bail.
Criminal and serial killer child abuser Stephen `'` Rossi'' Walsh will also not apply for bail.
Criminal and serial child - abuser, Stephen ` `'Rossi'' ) Walsh will apply for bail.
Criminal and serial child abuser Stephen ` ` Rossi'' Walsh'will likely not apply again for bail.
Criminally and serial child abuser Stephen'` ` Rossi'' Walsh'will apply again for bail.
He also is the man to win at the 2015 Boston Marathon.
He is also the man to win gold at the Boston Marathon.
He is also the man ever to ever win the Boston Marathon.
He himself is also the man to win at the Boston Marathon.
He is also the man to only ever win the Boston Marathon.
A candle and a TV screen, may also have much more in common and common common than believed.
A candle and even a small TV screen may have had much more things there in common than believed.
A lit candle and a TV screen may have much or even more things in common here than believed.
A single candlelight and a TV screen, may have had much more in common common than believed.
A candle and a small TV - screen may have at once had much more in common than believed.
Toby Keith also makes his senior Australian debut.
Toby - Keith makes this his Australian debut.
Toby Keith makes of this his Australian debut.
Toby Keith makes this in his Australian debut.
Toby Keith also makes this his Australian debut.
J & K hosts and hosts Chhattisgarh settled for draw.
J & K K Trophy hosts Chhattisgarh settled for draw.
J & K K hosts and Chhattisgarh settled for draw.
J & K hosts and Chhattisgarh also settled for draw.
J & K hosts Chhattisgarh team were settled for draw.
Waste Management will also launch its new tanker fleet and also will open a fueling station.
Waste Management Systems will launch ships in its new tanker fleet and open a fueling station.
Waste Management Systems will launch on its new fleet and will open a new fueling station.
Waste Management will also launch its new tankers fleet, and open a fueling station.
Wastewater Management and Systems will launch its new fleet and will open a fueling station.
Attempts, demolitions began on the very old old Marabella market.
Attempts, and eventual demolition began on to the old Marabella market.
Attempts, including demolitions, began on the old Marabella market.
Attempts, demolitions, began on the very old Marabella market.
Attempts, demolition began work on the now very old Marabella market.
David Beckham shows off his own brand - new tattoo.
David Beckham then proudly shows - off his new tattoo.
David Beckham proudly shows me off his brand new tattoo.
David van Beckham shows off with his brand new tattoo.
David van Beckham then shows off with his new tattoo.
The Chicago Cubs squad reports back in for spring training Tuesday.
The average Cubs squad member also reports for spring training Tuesday.
The Cubs squad then reports back in for spring training Tuesday.
The Cubs'squad also reports up for spring training Tuesday.
The Cubs squad also reports up for spring - training Tuesday.
Notre Dame University and Crusaders Under Armour were set to announce of such a partnership.
Notre - Dame and Under Armour University Sports were set up to announce a partnership.
Notre Dame Catholic Research University and Under Armour were also set to announce a partnership.
Notre Dame and Under Armour were also set to also officially officially announce a partnership.
Notre - Dame University Sports and Under Armour were set to also announce a partnership.
General Akbar in Devyani and Khobragaden was trapped in a conspiracy.
General in chief, Devyani Khobragade was trapped here in a conspiracy.
General in chief Devyani Khobragade was also found trapped in a conspiracy.
General, in Devyani, Khobragade was trapped in such a conspiracy.
General Bose in Devyani Khobragadev was trapped in such a conspiracy.
University President of California Janet Napolitano also announced the system would commit $ 5 million for the financial aid and aid given to undocumented college students.
University of California Janette Napolitano announced the system would commit $ 5 million for providing financial financial aid services to undocumented and community college students.
University of Southern California Janet Napolitano announced the new system would commit over $ 5 million for financial financial aid to nearly all undocumented college students.
University of California Janette Napolitano announced the system would commit $ US $ 5 - million for financial aid to help help undocumented college students.
University of California Janet Napolitano announced the system would also commit $ $ 5 - 10 million for financial aid to assist undocumented community college students.
Fab Melo has been waived by both the Dallas and Memphis Grizzlies.
Fab Melo, has since then been waived by the Memphis Grizzlies.
Fabrice Melo has been waived recently, by the Memphis Grizzlies.
Fabrice de Melo has since been waived by the Memphis Grizzlies.
Fab Melo has also recently been waived recently by the Memphis Grizzlies.
A woman pleaded not guilty to a lesser charge, of committing DUI and causing death.
A woman pleaded not guilty to assault facing a charge of a DUI and causing death.
A woman also pleaded pleading not guilty to facing a lesser charge of DUI causing death.
A woman who also pleaded not guilty to on to a charge of DUI causing death.
A woman pleaded pleading not guilty to on a charge of a possible DUI causing death.
Chris Brown is also set to return to South East Los Angeles.
Chrissie Brown is set up to never return to Los Angeles.
Chrissie Brown is set up to never return to Los Angeles.
Chrissie Brown, is set to never return to Los Angeles.
Chris Brown is set to eventually return to South East Los Angeles.
An alleged alleged illegal alcohol manufacturing plant, was raided.
An illegal commercialized alcohol manufacturing manufacturing plant was raided.
An alleged illegal alcohol manufacturing plant, which was raided.
An illegal commercial alcohol - manufacturing plant nearby was raided.
An alleged illegal commercial alcohol manufacturing manufacturing plant was raided.
The pre - season draw cutting edge list " was announced for the Mullens and Crawford rodeos.
The pre - draw ribbon cutting list winner was announced for both the 2014 Mullen and Crawford rodeos.
The pre - draw cutting list was announced for both the 2014 Joe Mullen and 2014 Crawford rodeos.
The official final pre - draw cutting list also, was announced for the Mullen and Crawford rodeos.
The pre - draw cutting list was announced for the Mullens Cup and for the Crawford rodeos.
Hyundai - Genesis might find its way right back to the Indian market.
Hyundai - Genesis might find its own way to enter the Indian market.
Hyundai Genesis might find it on it its way to the Indian market.
Hyundai Genesis might find on it its way to the West Indian market.
Hyundai Genesis might also find its way in to dominate the Indian market.
Why crowding up science makes sense.
Why crowd up science never makes sense.
Why crowd science just never makes sense.
Why crowd science never even makes sense.
Why, crowd science never makes sense.
Branch of the al - Qaeda claimed on responsibility for the killing of two French journalists living in Mali.
Branch of al - Qaeda has claimed on responsibility for the killing two young French journalists while in Mali.
Branch of al - Qaeda also claimed, on responsibility, for allegedly killing two French journalists in Mali.
Branch of al al - Qaeda also claimed on them responsibility, for killing two French journalists in Mali.
Branches of al - Qaeda claimed on them responsibility for killing two French broadcast journalists while in Mali.
Millinocket - The Millinocket Township residents are voting yes again for the third consecutive time on a school budget plan.
Millinocket - The following Millinocket residents are voting Democratic for the third - consecutive time on a school budget plan.
Millinocket School - All Millinocket residents are voting yes for about the third consecutive time on a school budget plan.
Millinocket School - Millinocket residents are considering voting for the third time on a school board or district budget plan.
Millinocket Township - Millinocket Townships residents are considering voting for the third time annually on a school budget plan.
Hundreds of young Palestinians threw stones directly back at an Israeli lawmaker.
Hundreds of Palestinians threw throwing stones at an apparently unarmed Israeli lawmaker.
Hundreds of Palestinians threw stones at even including an unnamed Israeli lawmaker.
Hundreds of Palestinians threw throwing - stones at even an Israeli lawmaker.
Hundreds of young Muslim Palestinians threw stones at even an Israeli lawmaker.
Somewhat more than 400 multi - hundred million euros of direct foreign direct investments have flown directly into Serbia.
Somewhat, more than $ 400 million euros'worth of foreign direct foreign investments have flown into Serbia.
Somewhat more than 400 million euros worth of foreign direct and indirect foreign investments have flown in into Serbia.
Somewhat more more than 400 million euros of direct and foreign investments will have already been flown into Serbia.
Somewhat more more than 400 - 500 million euros of foreign direct foreign direct investments have flown into Serbia.
A Leesburg area man has pleaded pleading not guilty to conspiracy to illegally distribute Oxycodone.
A Leesburg man has pleaded guilty to a drug - conspiracy conspiracy to distribute Oxycodone.
A Leesburg police man has pleaded guilty, specifically, to conspiracy to distribute Oxycodone.
A Leesburg man has also pleaded guilty, possibly to conspiracy, to distribute Oxycodone.
A Leesburg man has pleaded not guilty, to a conspiracy to illegally distribute Oxycodone.
An crowd later set fire to a Hindu minority religious center in Pakistan.
An extremely angry crowd set fire stations to a Hindu center in Pakistan.
An angry crowd set fire to buildings nearby a Hindu center in Pakistan.
An angry crowd also set fire to nearby a Hindu center in Pakistan.
An crowd set a fire to a major Hindu center building in Pakistan.
The firm BrewDogs has been widely cautioned against for a potentially highly offensive advert.
The firm of BrewDog has been cautioned for a potentially and potentially highly offensive advert.
The advertising firm BrewDog has been cautioned for producing a highly non - offensive advert.
The firm of BrewDog has recently also been cautioned for a highly - offensive advert.
The firm BrewDog has been also strongly cautioned for producing a potentially highly offensive advert.
Chicago Bulls guard, Jimmy Butler sat out the Bulls'preseason game against rivals, including the Detroit Pistons, because of suffering a bruised left knee.
Chicago guard, Jimmy Butler sat out the Chicago Bulls'preseason game against the expansion franchise Detroit Detroit Pistons because of suffering a severely bruised left knee.
Chicago guard, Jimmy Butler sat out the Bulls'preseason game against rivals, the expansion Detroit Detroit Pistons because because of a badly bruised left knee.
Chicago guard, Jimmy Butler also temporarily sat out the Bulls'preseason game opener against the Detroit Detroit Super Pistons because of a bruised right left knee.
Chicago guard, Jimmy Joes Butler was sat - last out the Bulls'preseason game opener against the Detroit Pistons because of a bruised left knee.
It was also the Congress vice - president who often made much fun out of the PM.
It was the former Congress vice president - vice president who made fun out of the PM.
It was the Congress vice - vice president who apparently had made no fun of the PM.
It really really was the Congress vice vice - president who made fun of being the PM.
It was also the Congress'vice vice - president who made fun of being the PM.
Google has sold its subsidiary Motorola Mobile Home & Mobility to Lenovo.
Google has since then sold its subsidiary Motorola Home Mobility to Lenovo.
Google Ventures has since sold out its subsidiary Motorola Mobility to Lenovo.
Google has sold its subsidiary Motorola Home & Mobility Solutions to Lenovo.
Google Ventures has sold its US subsidiary Motorola Home Mobility to Lenovo.
California Republican state Sen. William Leland Yee was indicted twice for public corruption.
California state Sen. Leland Yee was also later also indicted for public corruption.
California Republican Party state Sen. Leland Lee Yee was indicted for public corruption.
California state Sen. William Henry Leland Yee, was indicted for public corruption.
Californian Republican state Sen. Leland Yee was indicted for alleged public corruption.
Mallika, Sherawatra, has accepted a marriage proposal.
Mallika Singh Sherawat has never accepted such a marriage proposal.
Mallika Sherawatra has accepted such a simple marriage proposal.
Mallika Sherawatra has accepted even such a marriage proposal.
Mallika and Sherawat has not accepted such a marriage proposal.
Former England manager, Graham Taylor is also due to be discharged very early from hospital after suffering from a fall.
Former England football manager Graham Taylor, is due to finally be discharged from the hospital after allegedly suffering a fall.
Former former England manager Graham Taylor is due to be posthumously discharged from the hospital after allegedly suffering from a fall.
Former England manager Graham Taylor is due not to be officially officially discharged early from hospital, after suffering a fall.
Former England manager Graham Taylor, is also due in to be discharged from hospital after suffering injuries from a fall.
Powurwa Nutrition offers fitness education programs and nutrition programs.
Powur Nutrition offers both fitness education programs and nutrition programs.
Powur Community Nutrition offers both physical fitness and nutrition programs.
Powur Community Nutrition Center offers fitness and physical nutrition programs.
Powurwa Nutrition offers fitness programs, and nutrition programs.
SSC Napoli suffered a very clear, decisive away loss to Arsenal FC in just a game of the UEFA Champions'League tournament.
SSC and Napoli also suffered in a very clear loss to Arsenal Ladies FC in a game of the UEFA European Champions League tournament.
SSC Napoli suffered a clear away loss to Arsenal Ladies FC in their just a single game of the UEFA Champions'League tournament.
SSC Napoli suffered a clear loss to Arsenal Ladies FC in only a single game of in at the UEFA Champions'League tournament.
SSC and Napoli also suffered a clear away loss away to Arsenal Ladies FC in a game of the 2009 UEFA Champions League tournament.
Will. i.. am raised more than $ million for the new charity project at a pre - Grammy Awards concert.
Will. i. am also raised more of than $ million for the charity at a 2014 pre - Grammy Awards concert.
Will. i. am raised more than $ million USD for the charity at a pre - Grammy Music Academy Awards concert.
Will. i. am raised more than $ million USD annually for charity work at a pre - - Grammy Awards concert.
Will. i. am raised far more than $ million for charity aimed at hosting such a pre - Grammy Awards concert.
Blood will not even flow, Wall Street.
Blood that never will flow, Wall Street.
Blood that will not flow, Wall Street.
Blood that will flow, like Wall Street.
Blood will flow, like on Wall Street.
The Delhi Metro will be conducting such as an customer - satisfaction survey.
The New Delhi Metro will be also conducting an customer - satisfaction survey.
The Delhi Metro will also also be also conducting an customer satisfaction survey.
The entire New Delhi Metro will be conducting an customer - satisfaction survey.
The New Delhi Metro Authority will be conducting an annual customer satisfaction survey.
Caryl Iseman is only the 17th woman ever ever to accuse former Mayor Bobbie Filner of sexual harassment.
Caryl Lee Iseman is also the only 17th elected woman to accuse Mayor Bobbie Filner of sexual harassment.
Caryl Iseman is also the only 17th woman ever to accuse Mayor, Bob Filner of sexual sexual harassment.
Caryl Isemane is the the only 17th American woman to accuse Mayor Bob Filnerberg of sexual harassment.
Caryl Isemane, is only the only 17th woman to publicly accuse Mayor Bob Filner of sexual harassment.
A young Quebecer teenage boy has died after accidentally getting accidentally hit by a snowmobile driven by his aunt.
A Quebec boy who disappeared has died after getting hit twice by driving a stolen snowmobile driven by his aunt.
A young Quebec boy who has died, after getting hit by driving a snowmobile, driven by his aunt.
A young Quebec boy has died after getting hit about twice by a snowmobile driven by not just his aunt.
A Quebec boy has died, after accidentally getting accidentally hit by only a snowmobile driven by just his aunt.
Statinsis may also also prevent aging and extend lifespan.
Statinsing proteins may prevent premature aging and extend lifespan.
Statinsing may prevent premature premature aging and extend lifespan.
Statins may also prevent aging, and may extend lifespan.
Statinsing may prevent aging, improve and extend lifespan.
Bestinver's trio also has leapt to near to the top of the amLeague's European rankings.
Bestinver's trio has leapt up to the absolute - top ten of amLeague's European rankings.
Bestinver's trio has since leapt to the top of all the major amLeague's European rankings.
Bestinver's trio also recently has leapt to the top ten of amLeague's official European rankings.
Bestinver's winning trio has leapt straight up to the top 10 of amLeague's European rankings.
A Japanese prime minister also visited a highly controversial war shrine, AFP reported.
A Japanese minister visited a particularly and highly controversial war shrine, AFP reported.
A Japanese minister visited a highly controversial Korean - war shrine, AFP reported.
A Japanese minister visited a controversial war memorial shrine, the Australian AFP reported.
A Japanese minister visited a controversial war shrine, just as the AFP reported.
Nelson Day - Mandela is separated.
Nelson Day - Mandela is separated.
Nelson - Mandela himself is separated.
Nelson - Nelson Mandela is separated.
Nelson Day - Mandela is separated.
Twinkies are back, too but now they may just be smaller.
Twinkies are coming back, but now they may still be smaller.
Twinkies are out back, there too but they may be smaller.
Twinkies are more laid back, too but they may be smaller.
Twinkies are back, but they also may not always be smaller.
Australia has vowed not to keep searching for a second missing plane.
Australia vowed to keep searching again for a second, missing plane.
Australia has also vowed to keep on searching for a missing plane.
Australia vowed to keep searching for just such as a missing plane.
Australia vowed not to keep working on searching for a missing plane.
Tulips Ltd has relaunched itself with its foodservice division.
Tulip Ltd. has also relaunched with its foodservice division.
Tulip Ltd has recently also relaunched with its foodservice division.
Tulips Ltd., has relaunched its foodservice division.
Tulip Ltd has also recently also relaunched its foodservice division.
Syria also has destroyed all three of its major chemical weapons, production and mixing facilities.
Syria also has completely destroyed all of its chemical weapons production facilities, and mixing facilities.
Syria also has destroyed all of all its major chemical weapons production facilities and mixing facilities.
Syria also has destroyed all three of its chemical weapons, production, and mixing facilities.
Syria also has destroyed almost almost all of its chemical weapons production and chemical mixing facilities.
Oracle Corporation has purchased the content marketing technology platform Compendium.
Oracle Corporation has purchased the content marketing technology platform Compendium.
Oracle has also purchased the content and marketing platform Compendium.
Oracle has since also purchased the content marketing platform Compendium.
Oracle has purchased out the content and marketing platform Compendium.
Nawaz Sharif Sharif will also propose establishing of a joint mechanism to monitor tension along the Central Line of Border Control in Jammu and Kashmir.
Nawaz Sharif will also propose a new security joint mechanism designed to monitor tension along the Line of Border Controls in Jammu and Kashmir.
Nawaz Sharif government will propose a new joint monitoring mechanism to further monitor tension along with the Central Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir.
Nawaz Sharif will also also propose a joint mechanism designed specifically to monitor tension, along with the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir.
Nawaz Sharif and Sharif will propose a new joint mechanism to monitor tension along with the Line of Border Controls in Jammu and Kashmir.
Managerial and ServSafe classes will also be offered.
Managerial ServSafe management classes also will be offered.
Managerial ServSafe management classes will also be offered.
Managerial ServSafe classes, will also be offered.
Managerial and ServSafe classes also will be offered.
TAYTO press ads raised in me a smile.
TAYTO press the ads and raised a smile.
TAYTON press ads raised me a smile.
TAYTO press - ads raised me a smile.
TAYTON press ads raised me a smile.
The Gulf Cup Cup of the Nations has been shifted from Jeddah to in the Riyadh, said.
The Gulf Cup of Nations has also been shifted from the capital Jeddah to the Riyadh, said.
The Gulf Cup Cup of Nations has also recently been shifted away from Jeddah to Riyadh, said.
The Gulf Cup of Nations venue has now also been shifted from Jeddah, to Riyadh, said.
The Gulf Cooperation Cup of All the Nations has also been shifted from Jeddah to Riyadh, said.
Californian home prices surged to such a high point in March.
California home prices that had surged to a new high in March.
California home prices had surged up to a high point in March.
California home prices surged to a high - point early in March.
Californian home prices had surged up to a high in March.
The US Park Police Department are also investigating vandalism occurring at the Abraham Lincoln Memorial.
The US National Park Police are investigating the vandalism occurring regularly at the Lincoln Memorial.
The local US US National Park Police are investigating vandalism at the Abraham Lincoln Memorial.
The US Park Police Department are investigating vandalism occurring at the nearby Abraham Lincoln Memorial.
The US US National Park Police are investigating vandalism occurring at the Abraham Lincoln Memorial.
Three native Newt - Ulm musicians reunited.
Three native German and New Ulm musicians reunited.
Three native and Newt Ulm musicians reunited.
Three native Newt - Ulm musicians reunited.
Three native Newt Ulm native musicians reunited.
Samsung is currently working on developing a wearable device that also can turn the hands into just a keyboard.
Samsung is working again on a brand new wearable device that also can turn hands into just a keyboard.
Samsung is working on creating a wearable device, one that can turn your hands into just a keyboard.
Samsung is currently working on creating a new wearable device that can turn hands into not just a keyboard.
Samsung is working it out on a wearable device that means you can turn your hands into a keyboard.
The US National Security Agency installed malware on upwards upwards of over 50, 000 computers, from around the world.
The US National Transportation and Security Agency installed malware devices on upwards of 50, 000 personal computers around the world.
The National Security Agency has installed multiple malware detection devices installed on upwards of 50, 000 computers around the world.
The National Security Agency installed malware on an upwards of 50, 000 million personal computers around and around the world.
The US National Security Agency has installed all the malware on upwards of over 50, 000 computers around the world.
The most senior Iraqi military spokesman said the Iraqi national army will not allow any harm to national security.
The US military spokesman said the army commander will not allow anyone any further harms to national security.
The military spokesman said the army commander will not " " personally allow any harm done to national security.
The military spokesman said that the army commander will also not allow any harms to the national security.
The military spokesman said that the Iraqi army will not immediately allow any further harms to national security.
Road Racing America released out its 2014 schedule.
Road Racing North America released its 2014 schedule.
Road America released on DVD its 2014 schedule.
Road America officially released on its 2014 schedule.
Road America released its full season 2014 schedule.
On the penultimate of election day, over 150 candidates filed their nominations.
On the penultimate election day, just over 150 candidates filed their nominations.
On the penultimate election day, 150 presidential candidates had filed their nominations.
On the penultimate day, over half a 150 candidates filed their nominations.
On the very penultimate election day, 150 candidates had filed their nominations.
Workplaces are dominated, mainly by cliques.
Workplaces are most often dominated by cliques.
Workplaces are often dominated entirely by cliques.
Workplaces are often dominated entirely by cliques.
Workplaces are dominated mainly politically by cliques.
Kylie Minogue feels very very lucky to still be here.
Kylie - - Kylie Minogue feels lucky to be here.
Kylie Minogue feels lucky to still still not be here.
Kylie Minogue feels lucky just enough to still be here.
Kylie : Minogue really feels lucky to still be here.
A Thai anti - government opposition leader, he has been shot dead.
A very prominent Thai anti - - government leader has been shot dead.
A prominent Thai anti - government opposition leader has also been shot dead.
A Thai anti - government opposition leader, has been found shot dead.
A Thai anti - - government leader, has also been shot dead.
Tennis professional player David David Nalbandian has announced on his retirement.
Tennis former professional player David Nalbandian has announced announcing his retirement.
Tennis player David Nalbandian, has also announced on his retirement.
Tennis player, David Nalbandian has also announced on his retirement.
Tennis professional and player David Nalbandian has announced announcing his retirement.
Due to the new casino game to play.
Due to casinos game has to play.
Due to casinos no game to play.
Due to casino game inability not to play.
Due to the casinos game to play.
Instagram has added a Lux filter feature to its brand new iPhone app.
Instagram has also recently added such a Lux filter to its iPhone app.
Instagram has also added yet a new Lux filter to its iPhone app.
Instagram has also added as a Lux filter feature to its iPhone app.
Instagram has added a new Lux filter to support for its iPhone app.
A former Nanaimo resident who has been arrested for an attempted murder, following a stabbing.
A Nanaimo resident has been arrested for an alleged attempted attempted - murder following a stabbing.
A former North Shore Nanaimo resident has been arrested twice for attempted murder following a stabbing.
A Nanaimo resident has been recently arrested once again for an attempted murder following a stabbing.
A Nanaimo resident has also been arrested for attempted murder - murder, following a stabbing.
The Guardian program is also actively seeking volunteers.
The Blind Guardian program also is seeking volunteers.
The new Guardian Angel program is seeking volunteers.
The Guardian program also, is seeking volunteers.
The Guardian program is also actively seeking volunteers.
The Warriors will also also play Gabon.
The Warriors'team will play Gabon.
The Johannesburg Road Warriors will play Gabon.
The Warriors will later also play Gabon.
The Warriors will later also play Gabon.
Costa do, Brazil's stadium, will be ready by sometime in April.
Costa do, Brazil's stadium, is which will be ready in April.
Costa - Rio - do, Brazil's stadium will be ready in April.
Costa do, Brazil's stadium will also also be ready sometime in April.
Costa do, Brazil's stadium, will be getting ready sometime in April.
A Gladstone teen who, has pleaded guilty for causing a car accident, that has killed a woman.
A Gladstone teen has pleaded guilty, for causing a accident, that killed off, and a woman.
A Gladstone teen has pleaded, not - guilty, for causing a accident, that killed a woman.
A Gladstone County teen has pleaded guilty for causing such a tragic accident, that killed such a woman.
A young Gladstone teen has pleaded guilty, for allegedly causing a accident that nearly killed him a woman.
How the snow, ice mix, snow and rain should pile up.
How the snow, mix, and rain should all just pile up.
How the heavy snow, mix and rain, should not pile up.
How the snow, mix, and the heavy rain should pile up.
How easily the snow, mix snow and rain, should pile up.
Two former, senior bank officers were acquitted.
Two other three former bank officers were acquitted.
Two former senior bank officers, were acquitted.
Two former senior bank security officers were acquitted.
Two other three former bank officers were acquitted.
Morgan - Stanley downgraded all its shares of the Ternium to an equal weight rating.
Morgan - Stanley downgraded shares price of Ternium Gold to have an equal weight rating.
Morgan Stanley also downgraded the shares of half the Ternium to an equal weight rating.
Morgan Stanley downgraded shares price of the Ternium plant to an almost equal weight rating.
Morgan Stanley downgraded shares of the Ternium Gold to an almost equal - weight rating.
There certainly was more to possibly have come from Jamaica.
There really really was more to have come from Jamaica.
There really was more money to have come from Jamaica.
There was no more money to have come from Jamaica.
There really was more to probably have come from Jamaica.
Renville Orange County is considering a proposal designed to allow more recreational motor vehicles to share roads.
Renville Orange County is considering a proposal to also allow private recreational motor vehicles to share roads.
Renville County is currently also considering a proposal to allow recreational motor vehicles together to share roads.
Renville County is also currently considering a proposal to allow private recreational motor vehicles to share roads.
Renville County is considering making a proposal, to allow private recreational motor vehicles to share roads.
Two members each of Santander bank and its staff have been also sentenced after stealing from ATMs.
Two members of Santander municipal central bank staff have also been sentenced, after stealing from ATMs.
Two former members of the Santander bank staff have been sentenced after allegedly stealing money from ATMs.
Two members of all the Santander municipal bank staff have been sentenced after stealing money from ATMs.
Two members " of Santander bank staff have been sentenced after allegedly stealing cash money from ATMs.
Patsy Quinn wants him to raise the minimum wage.
Pat Quinn wants to help raise up the minimum wage.
Patsy Quinn wants to help him raise minimum wage.
Pat Quinn also wants him to raise the minimum wage.
Patsy Quinn wants him to help raise minimum wage.
The drought contributed to the widespread severe cholera outbreak in neighboring the greater Kunene Region.
The resulting severe drought also contributed to the cholera outbreaks in the Kunene Region.
The severe drought also indirectly contributed to the widespread cholera outbreak in the Kunene Region.
The severe drought also contributed to the cholera outbreaks in the northern Kunene Region.
The severe drought also indirectly contributed to the cholera outbreak outbreak in the Kunene Region.
Policies of joining the National Congress had also created division among the people outside of Amethi.
Policies ahead of the Fourth Indian National Congress had created division among the people of Amethi.
Policies of joining in the Congress had created division and problems among the people of Amethi.
Policies of joining the Congress had also created division among the tribal people south of Amethi.
Policies of joining the Congress had created division problems among the people outside that of Amethi.
The new US half dollar ended sharply, dearer against the rupee finished.
The new US dollar bill ended up sharply dearer against the rupee finished.
The US dollar ended sharply and dearer against what the Indian rupee finished.
The new US dollar ended up sharply dearer against which the rupee finished.
The new US dollar ended sharply and dearer against the Indian rupee finished.
Louis Walsh has confirmed this this new year's X Factor will be being his final series because he already has already has done.
Louis Walsh has confirmed that this new year's The X Factor will be being his final series because he himself already has done.
Louis Walsh - Walsh has confirmed this year's X Factor will be his own second and final series, because he has done.
Louis Walsh has confirmed this year's The X - Factor which will also be being his second final series because he has done.
Louis Walsh has confirmed that this year's The Irish X - Factor will be his final series, because he already has done.
The EU delegation will also discuss the situation in the Tskhinvali River region with Russia.
The EU will discuss situation in particular the the highly disputed Tskhinvali region with Russia.
The EU will also discuss situation changes in the disputed Tskhinvali River region with Russia.
The new EU Commission will discuss situation in both the Tskhinvali region and with Russia.
The EU delegations also will discuss situation in the Tskhinvali region and with Russia.
The number and number of mortgage products available online worldwide has passed the 12, 000 mark.
The total annual number of mortgage products available has not passed the $ 12, 000 mark.
The total number of home mortgage products currently available has passed over the 12, 000 mark.
The number of mortgage products available today has passed over to the 12, 000 000 mark.
The number number number of mortgage loan products available has never passed the 12, 000 mark.
Kei Nishikori also reached to the quarterfinals stage of the Barcelona Open.
Kei Nishikori reached in the quarterfinals of at the the Barcelona Open.
Keiwa Nishikori also reached the quarterfinals of at the Barcelona Open.
Keiwa Nishikori reached quarterfinals in the quarterfinals of the Barcelona Open.
Keiwa Nishikori reached the quarterfinals of singles at the Barcelona Open.
Egypt has decided to officially and officially dissolve the Muslim Brotherhood.
Egypt has decided to dissolve into just the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood.
Egypt has also recently decided to officially dissolve the Muslim Brotherhood.
Egypt itself has also decided to dissolve into the Muslim Brotherhood.
Egypt has recently also decided to dissolve into the Muslim Brotherhood.
VOLUNTEERS are needed to help help readers take in story time sessions.
VOLUNTEERS are needed to help take in all the story time sessions.
VOLUNTEERS are needed to take in the same daily story time sessions.
VOLUNTEERS are not needed, to take in story - time sessions.
VOLUNTEERS We are not always needed to take in story time sessions.
Wipro will now also provide integrated IT services and services to Carillion.
Wiprox will provide integrated IT and other IT services to Carillion.
Wipro will provide integrated global IT products, and services to Carillion.
Wipro will provide integrated regional and IT IT and services to Carillion.
Wipro will provide fully integrated IT products, and services to Carillion.
TrustedConsumerReview is pleased to announce as being the second best Little Egg Harbor - based General contractor.
TrustedConsumerReview, LLC is pleased to be announce as the next best Little Egg Harbor General contractor.
TrustedConsumerReview is pleased to announce it as being the best Little Egg Harbor Harbor - General contractor.
TrustedConsumerReview is pleased to announce to it as the best Little Big Egg Harbor Harbor General contractor.
TrustedConsumerReview LLC is very pleased to announce as the best known Little Egg Harbor Harbor General contractor.
Turkish Airlines denied ever carrying weapons back home to Nigeria.
Turkish National Airlines also has denied carrying weapons to Nigeria.
Turkish Airlines denied ever carrying weapons back home to Nigeria.
Turkish Cypriot International Airlines has denied carrying weapons to Nigeria.
Turkish Airlines denied ever carrying any weapons back to Nigeria.
Scientists may have created to help form Martian clouds while on Earth.
Scientists have been created to form the Martian dust clouds on Earth.
Scientists would have created to form Martian dust dust clouds on Earth.
Scientists would have created them to form Martian clouds here on Earth.
Scientists they have created to help help form Martian clouds on Earth.
Facebook CEO, CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife Sarah were the three top philanthropists in 2013.
Facebook Group CEO Marko Zuckerberg and his wife were among the ten top philanthropists in 2013.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, and his then second wife were the two top philanthropists in 2013.
Facebook Group CEO Marko Zuckerberg and his wife Sarah were the two top philanthropists in 2013.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his second wife Sarah were the top 10 philanthropists worldwide in 2013.
Kenya is grieving deeply for the other victims of both the Westgate attack.
Kenya is still grieving for all the other victims of the Westgate attack.
Kenya is still actively grieving for the victims of the 2011 Westgate attack.
Kenyatta is still grieving for the victims of the 1989 Westgate attack.
Kenyatta is grieving for all of the victims of the Westgate attack.
Caroline Kennedy was sworn in as the very first American ambassador to Japan.
Caroline Kennedy was sworn in again in 2009 as the ambassador to Japan.
Caroline Kennedy Kennedy was sworn in as was also the ambassador to Japan.
Caroline Kennedy Smith was sworn in, as was the ambassador to Japan.
Caroline Kennedy Kennedy was then sworn in as was the ambassador to Japan.
A proposal to make a new criminal offence alone will not necessarily help change attitudes to a culture outside of care.
A recent proposal to not only make this a offence alone, will not help change to a culture of care.
A proposal to make a offence in public alone will not help with change to a traditional Australian culture of care.
A simple proposal as to not make such a offence alone will certainly not help change to a culture of care.
A proposal to make this a offence alone will not help change to or create a new national culture of care.
A Saugerties'man was sentenced to on average two felony convictions.
A Saugerties, man, was sentenced on the two felony convictions.
A third former Saugerties man was sentenced based on two felony convictions.
A Saugerties man was also sentenced prior to on two felony convictions.
A Saugerties man was also sentenced, on his two felony convictions.
Pakistan Sunday Times said that Indian troops fired.
Pakistan Police on Sunday said Indian troops fired.
Pakistan on Sunday said Indian Army troops fired.
Pakistan Sunday Times said that Indian troops fired.
Pakistan Sunday Times said that Indian troops fired.
Actor Charlie Sheen has also also since become a grandfather.
Actor Charlie Sheen himself, has become such a grandfather.
Actor, Charlie Sheen, has also become a grandfather.
Actor, Charlie Sheen, has also become a grandfather.
Actor, comedian Charlie Brown Sheen has become a grandfather.
Etihad International Airways is going to enhance connectivity and links with India.
Etihad Airways India is also also going to enhance connectivity with India.
Etihad Airways is going on to enhance its connectivity links with India.
Etihad Airways of India is going forward to enhance connectivity with India.
Etihad Airways is going on to enhance connectivity links back with India.
CAF President Issa Hayatou has also also congratulated the Nigeria U16 - 17 national team at.
CAF President Issa Hayatou has congratulated the " Nigeria national football U - - 17 team at.
CAF Vice President General Issa Hayatou has also congratulated that the Nigeria U - 17 team at.
CAF - Vice President - General Issa Hayatou has congratulated the Nigeria U - 17 team at.
CAF President Issa Hayatou, has congratulated that the Nigeria junior national U - 17 team at.
South Africa has lost over $ 28 000 nonfarming jobs.
South West Africa lost over 28, 000 nonfarming jobs.
South Africa lost 28, 000 000 000 nonfarming jobs.
South West Africa lost 28, 000 in nonfarming jobs.
South Africa has already lost 28, 000 nonfarming jobs.
A man swims for about 5 hours.
A man usually swims for 5 hours.
A man, who swims 5 hours.
A man usually swims for 5 hours.
A young man swims for 5 hours.
Bernie Hunhoff will also not yet run for the Senate.
Bernier Hunhoffer will run again for the Senate.
Bernie Hunhoffer will not run again for the Senate.
Bernie Hunhoffer, will run for both the Senate.
Bernie Hunhoffer, will run for in the Senate.
Johnny, Horton Cash lost album.
Johnny Horton and Cash lost album.
Johnny Cash - The lost album.
Johnny Cash album - lost album.
Johnny Horton Cash - lost album.
The Jacksonville Jaguars made, by signing running back, Delone Carter.
The new Jacksonville Jaguars made, by signing and running Delone Carter.
The Jacksonville Jaguars made, by signing running - back Delone Carter.
The Jacksonville Jacksonville Jaguars were made, by signing running Delone Carter.
The Jacksonville Jaguars were made, signing running back, Delone Carter.
Narendra Modi government should focus more on making North India open defecation free.
Narendra Modi should also focus on making India open and not defecation free.
Narendra Modi should focus on not only making South India open defecation free.
Narendra Modi should focus on not making India more too open defecation free.
Narendra Modi should focus on also making India more open and defecation free.
Its a get - go instant loans.
Its a way to get instant loans.
Its like a get - instant loans.
Its just like a get instant loans.
Its a way to get instant loans.
China and the Taiwan plan to set up a joint equity stock - exchange center.
China and Taiwan plan jointly, to set up a equity and foreign exchange center.
China and the Taiwan plan to jointly set - up a equity foreign exchange center.
China Bank and the Taiwan government plan to jointly set up a equity exchange center.
China, and the Taiwan plan, to jointly set up a equity exchange center.
A hospital is currently under medical safety review, after two women died during childbirth.
A hospital is currently under review after two women have recently died, during childbirth.
A hospital is under medical safety review after two women died in there during childbirth.
A new hospital is under review, named after two young women died during childbirth.
A hospital is currently currently under medical review, after two women died during childbirth.
Ferrari is now ready to switch - off its focus.
Ferrari Racing is not ready now to switch its focus.
Ferrari F1 is now ready to switch off its focus.
Ferrari Racing is now ready to switch in its focus.
Ferrari Team Racing is now ready to switch its focus.
The US Capitol went into force a temporary lockdown after gunshots were fired.
The US Capitol went into lockdown, after two gunshots that were fired.
The US Capitol building went into into a lockdown after gunshots were fired.
The US Capitol Hill office building went into lockdown after gunshots were fired.
The US Capitol building went into lockdown after only two gunshots were fired.
Former All India football skipper, Shabbir Mohammad Ali Khan suffered a massive heart attack.
Former India national football team skipper, Shabbir Ali suffered a massive childhood heart attack.
Former India football skipper Shabbir Mohammad Ali and Akbar Khan suffered a massive heart attack.
Former India national football skipper Shabbir Ali Khan has suffered from a massive heart attack.
Former former All India football skipper Shabbir Ali Khan suffered from a massive heart attack.
A father and his other two other two children were jumped from a burning building.
A father and his two children, were jumped down from a nearby burning building.
A young father and his other two children jumped from behind a nearby burning building.
A young father and his two children jumped down from trees behind a burning building.
A young father and his other two young children were jumped from a burning building.
Marriages really don't really even have quite any side effects.
Marriages really don't even really have quite any side effects.
Marriages don't really have any serious emotional or side effects.
Marriages don't really even really have any serious side effects.
Marriages don't even really really have quite any side effects.
The local St. Cloud Amateur Boxing & Amateur Wrestling Club won the 4 boxing tournament team title.
The St. Cloud Boxing & Wrestling Athletic Club has won all 4 boxing championship tournament team title.
The St. Cloud State Boxing & Professional Wrestling Club won 4 state boxing championship tournament team title.
The St. Cloud County State Boxing Club & Wrestling Club won 4 state boxing tournament team title.
The St. Cloud State Boxing & Wrestling Athletic Club won 4 boxing championship and tournament team title.
Cher Lloyd has married with her boyfriend of just just over two years Craig Monk.
Cher Lloyd has also also recently married her boyfriend of two - years Craig Monk.
Cher Lloyd, has married her then longtime boyfriend of twenty two years Craig Monk.
Cher Lloyd, has recently married her longtime boyfriend of two years, Craig Monk.
Cher Lloyd has married her first boyfriend of over two hundred years, Craig Monk.
Justine Bieber has also surprised everyone else by giving Selena Gomez a red rose necklace at her birthday party.
Justine Bieber has surprised by giving Selena Selena Gomez a red silk wedding rose at her 60th birthday party.
Justine Bieber has been surprised by giving Selena Gomez a beautiful red - rose necklace at her birthday party.
Justin Bieber also has been surprised by giving Selena Selena Gomez a red rose pointed at during her birthday party.
Justine Bieber has surprised by giving singer Selena Gomez such a red rose rose at during her birthday party.
The Maple Leafs also should have avoided arbitration with coach Mark Fraser.
The Maple Leafs have also avoided salary arbitration with coach Mark Fraser.
The Maple Leafs would have also avoided arbitration with goaltender Mark Fraser.
The Toronto Maple Leafs would have avoided arbitration along with Mark Fraser.
The Toronto Maple Leafs have also avoided arbitration along with Mark Fraser.
All Secretary of State offices now accept the US Visa branded only as credit and debit cards.
All Secretary of State offices that now open must accept Visa branded credit and electronic debit cards.
All US Secretary of State offices worldwide will now accept Visa branded credit and electronic debit cards.
All Secretary of State offices now must accept Visa - branded electronicized credit and debit cards.
All Secretarys of State offices now open must accept Visa branded electronic credit and debit cards.
A cat was attacked and took a nearby family hostage.
A cat being attacked took over half a family hostage.
A stray cat attacked took a nearby foster family hostage.
A cat attacked took half of a dozen family hostage.
A cat after being attacked took half a family hostage.
NASA also has launched an official Instagram account.
NASA has launched an official NASA Instagram account.
NASA also has launched him an Instagram account.
NASA has launched him as an Instagram account.
NASA has also recently launched an Instagram account.
General General Motors is recalling its nearly 780, 000 000 compact cars.
General General General Motors is recalling nearly 780, 000 000 compact cars.
General Motors is recalling nearly all US $ 780, 000 compact cars.
General Motors Corporation itself is recalling nearly $ 780, 000 compact cars.
General Motors Motor Corporation, is recalling nearly 780, 000 compact cars.
Foster endorses as a Garcia To Replace.
Foster also endorses a Garcia To Replace.
Foster also endorses Garcia Right To Replace.
Foster endorses Garcia'Right To Replace.
Fosters also endorses Garcia To Replace.
Tommy Haas then defeated, to reach the quarter quarterfinals stage of, the Brazil Open.
Tommy Haas defeated, to reach in the first quarter quarterfinals of, the Brazil Open.
Tommy Haas defeated, failing to reach the quarterfinals, of the 2009 ATP Brazil Open.
Tommy Haas defeated, failing twice to reach, the quarterfinals stage of the Brazil Open.
Tommy Haas then defeated, to eventually reach the quarterfinals of, the 2013 Brazil Open.
Labor has shrugged this off with only the loss of two candidates.
Labor has not shrugged off the possible potential loss of two candidates.
Labor has shrugged off of the potential loss of the two candidates.
Labor Party has shrugged it off the election loss of two candidates.
Labor has not yet shrugged off the loss streak of two candidates.
Heritage Oil Plc. provides an ongoing operational status and update on OML 30, Nigeria.
Heritage Oilfield Plc provides for making an operational update on OML - 30, Nigeria.
Heritage Oil Plc provides an operational update on board the OML - Type 30, Nigeria.
Heritage Oil Company Plc., provides an operational update on OML - 30, Nigeria.
Heritage Bank Oil Plc provides for an annual operational update based on OML 30, Nigeria.
Aston - Villa new boss Paul Lamberti is not delighted with the new form of captain Ron Vlaar.
Aston Villa boss Paulie Ross Lambert is delighted with the good form of their captain, Ron Vlaar.
Aston - Villa new boss, Sir Paul Lambert is delighted with the form of captain, Ron Vlaar.
Aston Villa former England boss, Paul Lambert is reportedly also delighted with the form of captain Ron Vlaar.
Aston - Villa boss, Paulie Lambert is delighted, with only the form of captain Ron Vlaar.
The BJP asked after him for the AAP members to work in the purview of the constitution.
The BJP asked the ruling AAP to continue work later on in the purview of the constitution.
The BJP also asked the AAP leaders to work in maintaining the strict purview of the constitution.
The ruling BJP asked the AAP to work in changing back the basic purview of the constitution.
The BJP asked the ruling party AAP to work in the purviews section of the constitution.
A Petersburg woman was drowned while wading upstream, in the Appomattox River.
A Petersburg native woman drowned while wading in mud on the Appomattox River.
A Petersburg woman was drowned while wading in the very nearby Appomattox River.
A very young Petersburg woman was drowned while wading in the Appomattox River.
A Petersburg native woman was drowned while wading upstream in the Appomattox River.
Tesla, have now also become one of the top - 5 automotive brands.
Tesla, have become one of only the top 3 - 5 automotive brands.
Tesla, have also become one of all the world top 5 automotive brands.
Tesla, have also become one of the top 5 largest global automotive brands.
Tesla, have now also officially become one of the top 5 automotive brands.
Columbus Short, who plays, but is now also getting divorced.
Columbusa Short, actor who plays, is also getting divorced.
Columbus Short, also an actor who plays, is getting divorced.
Columbus Short, who he also now plays, is getting divorced.
Columbus Short, who he also also plays, is getting divorced.
Over 90 million credit unions worldwide are pursuing alternative merger options.
Over another 90 local credit unions are pursuing alternative merger options.
Over another 90 local credit unions are currently pursuing merger options.
Over time another 90 credit unions are pursuing alternative merger options.
Over 90 credit union unions are currently pursuing alternative merger options.
V2CigsDeals. com reveals that the second best electronic electronic cigarette cigarette brand for women in 2013.
V2CigsDeals. com reveals the second best selling electronic cigarette - brand for women, in 2013.
V2CigsDeals. com - reveals, the best electronic cigarette brand, for women, in 2013.
V2CigsDeals. com, reveals the best selling electronic cigarette cigarette brand for young women in 2013.
V2CigsDeals. com reveals that the second best selling electronic cigarette brand for young women in 2013.
The Gulf of Islands National National Historic Seashore provides a booster to the local economy.
The Gulf of Islands National Seashore Program provides such as a boost to the local economy.
The nearby Gulf of Islands Islands National Seashore provides a boost to support the local economy.
The Gulfs of Islands Islands Islands National Seashore provides a boost to the local economy.
The Persian Gulf Islands National National Seashore provides a booster to boost the local economy.
Syrian armed rebels captured it a military airport near to the Syrian border with Turkey.
Syrian rebels captured a military airport near the Syrian - state border crossing with Turkey.
Syrian rebels captured a Turkish military civilian airport near to the border crossing with Turkey.
Syrian opposition rebels also captured a military airport near the Syrian border crossing with Turkey.
Syrian rebels captured the a military civilian airport located right near the border with Turkey.
Diane Lanes are now officially divorced.
Diane Lane and Lane are officially divorced.
Diane Lanes are now officially divorced.
Diane Lanes are now officially divorced.
Diane and Laney are officially divorced.
Fire destroyed over half a Cotati home.
Fire destroyed half of a Cotati home.
Fires also destroyed a Cotati home.
Fire destroyed half a dozen Cotati home.
Fire destroyed half of a Cotati home.
IPhone 5S is now outselling even the current iPhone 5C.
IPhone 5S is now outselling even the current iPhone 5C.
IPhone 5SXXX is outselling the iPhone 5C.
IPhone iPhone - 5S is outselling the original iPhone 5C.
IPhone 5S is outselling, and even the iPhone 5C.
Beijing lung cancer rates may have shot up more than more than than 50 %, a officials'blame on smoking.
Beijing city reported lung cancer rates have shot back up more than 50 % %, which a officials blame on smoking.
Beijing lung cancer rates may have been also shot back up more than 50 %, which a officials blame on smoking.
Beijing lung - cancer rates have shot up to more than half a 50 %, a officials'blame on smoking.
Beijing lung cancer rates have shot - backed up more than 50 % %, which a officials blame on smoking.
Petrol price alone was hiked back up by 41 paise a litre.
Petrol price point alone was also hiked by 41 paise a litre.
Petrol fuel price was hiked up, by 41 paise a litre.
Petrol price was hiked up by 419 per paise a litre.
Petrol fuel price was hiked by 41 paise miles per a litre.
Alex Goode has been also being targeted an October return.
Alexa Goode has been also targeted an October return.
Alexa Goode has also targeted an early October return.
Alexa Goode, has also targeted an October return.
Alexa Goode has also targeted an early October return.
Developers in the mainland of China installed a record 12 gigawatts worth of solar panels in 2013.
Developers in mainland mainland China have installed a record 12 gigawatts of rooftop solar panels in 2013.
Developers based in China installed a record - breaking 12 million gigawatts of solar panels in 2013.
Developers in China installed over a record breaking 12 gigawatts of rooftop rooftop solar panels in 2013.
Developers based in China have installed over a record 12 gigawatts worth of solar panels in 2013.
Filmmaker Zhang Yimou, has been also been fined $ 1. 2 million.
Filmmaker, Zhang Yimou, has been fined US $ 1. 2 million.
Filmmaker, Zhang Yimou has been also fined $ US 1. 2 million.
Filmmaker Zhang Yimou has been also fined US $ US 1. 2 million.
Filmmaker, Zhang Yimou has been fined US $ 1. 5 2 million.
He was one of so many a kind.
He was probably also one of a kind.
He was one of of many a kind.
He really was one of many a kind.
He was one man of many a kind.
Veteran Chinese talk television show host, Quan Yifeng, was fined and banned again from driving for allegedly knocking down a pedestrian.
Veteran television show host, Quan Yifeng was also heavily fined, fined and banned from driving for knocking him down a pedestrian.
Veteran actor and Chinese television show host Quan Yifeng was also fined, and banned from driving, for knocking down a pedestrian.
Veteran television show co - host Quan Yifeng, was fined and he was banned from driving for allegedly knocking down a pedestrian.
Veteran Chinese television show - host Quanzhen Yifeng was fined, and banned him from public driving for knocking down a pedestrian.
Kenya's top runner, Dennis Kimetto has won the Chicago Marathon.
Kenya's runner, Dennise Kimetto has won the Chicago Marathon.
Kenya's Dennisa Kimetton has won at the Chicago Marathon.
Kenya's marathon runner Dennise Kimetto has won the Chicago Marathon.
Kenya's runner Dennise Kimetto has won at the Chicago Marathon.
Farhan, Akhtar, turned up 40 years old.
Farhan, Akhtar, turned 40 + years old.
Farhan Akhtar, who turned out 40 years old.
Farhan, as Akhtar, turned 40 years old.
Farhan Akhtar, who turned 40 + years old.
I deserve a good " second chance, " Love says.
I deserve you for a whole second chance, Love says.
I deserve you with a little second chance, Love says.
I deserve you a whole second chance, " Love says.
I deserve a whole, whole second chance, Love says.
The aggregate interest - rate spread rate fell to below 5 %.
The average total annual aggregate interest rate spread fell below 5 %.
The total aggregate interest rate spread fell to just below 5 %.
The aggregated interest rate rate spread never fell below 5 %.
The aggregate interest rate of the spread fell to below 5 %.
Bradley Manning has been subsequently been jailed, for 35 years.
Bradley Manningham has been jailed twice for over 35 years.
Bradley Manning has since also been jailed twice for 35 years.
Bradley Manningham has been continuously jailed for over 35 years.
Bradley Manningham has also since been jailed for 35 years.
I am " not resigned " ( to avoid a government shutdown ).
I am still having not resigned ( due to a government shutdown ).
I certainly am not getting resigned ( to avoid a government shutdown ).
I certainly am not getting resigned ( to avoid a government shutdown ).
I am also, still not resigned ( to a government shutdown ).
The borer a destructive beetle, and which once was found in Berks County.
The borer a destructive beetle, was first found in the southern Berks County.
The black oak borer, a destructive beetle, was found in Berks County.
The black borer, a highly destructive beetle, was found in Berks County.
The borer a very highly destructive ground beetle, was found in Berks County.
Life doesn't stop at all the same as box office numbers.
Life doesn't stop looking at all the big box office numbers.
Life doesn't stop at exactly the exact same box office numbers.
Life simply doesn't stop at exactly the same box office numbers.
Life doesn't even really stop at the damn box office numbers.
THE A4177 has since been closed after a near fatal crash near the Air Balloon roundabout.
THE route of A4177 has been temporarily closed after a crash near the Air Balloon roundabout.
THE route A4177 has been closed after suffering from a crash near the Air Balloon roundabout.
THE Airbus A417 hangar has since been closed after a crash nearing the Air Balloon roundabout.
THE A417 has been closed after reportedly suffering from a serious crash near the Air Balloon roundabout.
Two CNN journalists were arrested twice for allegedly trying hard not to deliberately sneak at the World Trade Center.
Two CNN journalists were also arrested for trying not " to deliberately sneak at " the World Trade Center.
Two former CNN journalists were arrested for trying unsuccessfully " to sneak at " the World World Trade Center.
Two CNN journalists, who were later also arrested for trying to sneak at to the World Trade Center.
Two CNN journalists were also arrested for trying not to sneak " up at " the World Trade Center.
Chris Brown himself is not going to prison.
Chrissie Brown is going back to prison.
Chrissie Brown who is going to prison.
Chrissie Brown is not going to prison.
Chrissie Brown is now going to prison.
Yangon, Myanmar Myanmar is coordinating the efforts to open the border gate open to international visitors.
Yangon, Myanmar, is coordinating efforts worldwide to open the southern border gate to international visitors.
Yangon, Myanmar is coordinating to open - up the international border crossing gate to international visitors.
Yangon, Myanmar is coordinating to open up gates at the border gate, to international visitors.
Yangon, Myanmar : Myanmar is coordinating efforts to open the border gate to all international visitors.
China has started receiving gas from neighboring country Myanmar through such an pipeline.
China has started receiving gas imported from Myanmar, through using an pipeline.
China has also started receiving gas imported from neighboring Myanmar through an pipeline.
China also has started receiving natural gas from Myanmar through such an pipeline.
China has started receiving gas imported from Myanmar, mostly through an pipeline.
It's certainly not a surprise given Damon Albarn has ever actually become a solo artist.
It's not a given that both Matt Damon and Albarn has become a solo artist.
It's not really a given that Damon Albarn has become just such a solo artist.
It's really not really such a surprise given Damon Albarn has become a solo artist.
It's just not a given Damon Albarn who really has become such a solo artist.
Kareena Kapoor refused to both do Begum and play Samruta due to bold scenes.
Kareena Kapoor refused her permission to do Begum Samruti due to to bold scenes.
Kareena Kapoor refused permissions not to do Begum Samru due to to bold scenes.
Kareena Kapoor Kapoor refused to do Begum and Samru due to all the bold scenes.
Kareena Kapoor refused permission to also do Begum Samru due to to the bold scenes.
Philadelphia Metro Flyers forward Brayden Schenn has been fined twice for cross - checking for teammate Kris Versteeg.
Philadelphia Metro - Flyers power forward Brayden Van Schenn has been fined for cross - checking Kris Versteeg.
Philadelphia Metro - Flyers forward Brayden Schenn has been fined for allegedly cross - country checking Kris Versteeg.
Philadelphia Flyers power forward, Brayden Van Schenn has been fined twice for cross - checking Kris Versteeg.
Philadelphia Flyers forward Brayden Schenn has also been heavily fined for cross - checking out for Kris Versteeg.
The Angry Birds Star Wars game is coming in to dominate all major consumer home gaming consoles.
The Angry Birds Star Wars game series is coming on out soon to all major gaming consoles.
The Angry X - Birds'Star Wars game is coming out to all major gaming consoles.
The Angry Birds Star - Wars video game is now coming to all major home gaming consoles.
The Angry Angry Birds Star Wars parody video game is coming out to all major gaming consoles.
Registrations climbed by 289 % starting in December 2013 according to figures from the NHBC.
Registrations climbed 28 % again in 2013, again according to figures from within the NHBC.
Registrations climbed by 28 % starting in December 2013, according to figures from the NHBC.
Registrations have climbed 28 % in December 2013 according to figures obtained directly from the NHBC.
Registrations climbed by 289 % in 2013 according to the official figures from the NHBC.
Real Real Madrid also have released Antonio Adan.
Real and Real Madrid have released Antonio Adan.
Real Madrid have since also released Antonio Adan.
Real and Real Madrid have released Antonio Adan.
Real Madrid have also recently released Antonio Adan.
Marcia Gaye said Harden had no idea that her co - star, Zac Efroni was struggling with addiction issues.
Marcia Gaye Harden reportedly had no idea whatsoever whatsoever that her co - star Zac Efron was struggling with addiction issues.
Marcia Gay Harden had absolutely no idea except perhaps that her co - star star Zac Efron was struggling with addiction issues.
Marcia Gaye Harden had no real idea that her co - star Zac Efroni, was struggling with addiction issues.
Marcia Gay Harden reportedly had no idea her former co co - star Zac Efroni was still struggling with addiction issues.
West Virginia Polytechnic State University has also announced a new major new concentration in energy management.
West - Central Virginia State University has announced a new concentration program specializing in energy management.
West Virginia State University has announced a brand new research concentration program specializing in energy management.
West - Virginia State University has announced offering students a new concentration program in energy management.
West Virginia State Polytechnic University also has announced offering a brand new concentration in energy management.
Visitors had waited for hours in the still freezing cold for a peek inside Gracie Mansion.
Visitors waited hours in in the cold for a quick peek out from inside Gracie Mansion.
Visitors had already waited hours in the cold for a quick quick peek inside Gracie Mansion.
Visitors waited hours in all the cold night air for a peek from inside Gracie Mansion.
Visitors waited for another two hours in in the cold for a peek inside Gracie Mansion.
Kennesaw Mountain State University unveiled its helmet.
Kennesaw State University also unveiled its helmet.
Kennesaw Mountain Mountain State unveiled its helmet.
Kennesaw Mountain State University unveiled its helmet.
Kennesaw Mountain State unveiled on its helmet.
Microsoft Windows has also begun rolling roll - out the significant system update to the Xbox One.
Microsoft has begun rolling out the significant system update required for to support on the Xbox One.
Microsoft has begun rolling out the significant new system update to support the brand new Xbox One.
Microsoft Windows has also begun rolling out the significant system update available directly to the Xbox One.
Microsoft Windows has begun rolling out of the significant system integration update available to the Xbox One.
The young song - maker, when Avril Lavigne notice her, she turned 29.
The famous song - maker, when Avril Lavigne notice her, she turned 29.
The song - record - maker, Avril and Lavigne notice her, turned 29.
The young song - maker, when Avril Lavigne notice of her, turned 29.
The song - maker, Avril Lavigne noticeable of seeing her, turned 29.
Kurt Busch will contest it in at the 2014 Indianapolis 500 along with Andretti Autosport.
Kurt Kyle Busch will contest again in the 2014 NASCAR Indianapolis 500 with Andretti Autosport.
Kurt Busch will contest the 2014 Indianapolis Indianapolis 500 with John Michael at Andretti Autosport.
Kurt Busch Racing will also contest the upcoming 2014 Indianapolis Indianapolis 500 with Andretti Autosport.
Kurt Busch Haas Racing will contest in the 2014 Indianapolis 500 along with Andretti Autosport.
A brand new injection claims not to actually help you flush fat.
A brand new injection claims not to actually help you flush fat.
A new injection that he claims to actually help you flush fat.
A brand new injection claims to actually actually help you flush fat.
A new insulin injection program claims to help you to flush fat.
The Chew crew is back with another recipe book offering well over over 100 dinner recipes.
The old Chewie Club crew is back with another book offering over 100 dinner recipes.
The Chew crew crew member is then sent back with another book offering 100 dinner recipes.
The Chew crew is back up, with another recipe book offering 100 different dinner recipes.
The Chewie crew is coming back with yet yet another book offering 100 dinner recipes.
The Schaubner family has filed a report, regarding the two trespassers.
The Schaub family has since filed for a report regarding the two trespassers.
The Schaubner family has filed requests for a report regarding two trespassers.
The local Schaub family attorney has also filed a report regarding two trespassers.
The Schaub family has filed a police misconduct report regarding the two trespassers.
A fire destroyed about half of a yacht on Harbor Island.
A fire destroyed a yachting club building on Harbor Island.
A fire destroyed half a yacht club building on Harbor Island.
A large fire destroyed half a yacht club on Harbor Island.
A large fire destroyed a small private yacht on Harbor Island.
Pakistan will release in yet another another 13 Taliban prisoners.
Pakistan Army will also eventually release another 13 Taliban prisoners.
Pakistan Army will release yet another another 13 Taliban prisoners.
Pakistan Army will release yet another another 13 Taliban prisoners.
Pakistan Army will release another twenty twenty 13 Taliban prisoners.
Kevin - Pietersen feels so much more loved in India than back home.
Kevin Pietersen still feels more loved back in India than ever back home.
Kevin - Pietersen feels more loved in South East India than back home.
Kevin Pietersen also feels more loved in India, rather than back home.
Kevin Pietersen feels more deeply - loved in India than anyone back home.
An elderly elderly father walking across America took his own life, was hit and was killed in Colorado.
An elderly father walking across America took his life was later also hit and nearly killed, in Colorado.
An elderly father walking across America who took to his life was also hit, and killed in Colorado.
An father walking across America took over over his life and was later hit and killed while in Colorado.
An elderly father walking alone alone across America took his own life was hit, and killed in Colorado.
Nearly half percent percent of American drivers have experienced road rage.
Nearly one half of drivers have experienced severe gravel road rage.
Nearly half of drivers have experienced severe severe gravel road rage.
Nearly half of all drivers worldwide have experienced severe road rage.
Nearly one half of drivers would have never experienced road rage.
A subsequent crash sent a car to hit the bottom of a half a Cape Coral canal.
A crash sent down a car crashing to the bottom of half a Cape of Coral canal.
A crash ensued that sent a car crashing to the very bottom of a Cape Coral canal.
A crash that sent a car to the very bottom of a flooded Cape of Coral canal.
A subsequent crash sent a car car crashing to the muddy bottom of a Cape Coral canal.
Cobbs County County released the memorandums document of understanding between the Atlanta Braves.
Cobb County released the very first official memorandum of understanding between the two Atlanta Braves.
Cobbs County County released the memorandum of an understanding between the two Atlanta Braves.
Cobb County has released information on the memorandum of an understanding between the Atlanta Braves.
Cobb County released the very first memorandum of understanding between and with the Atlanta Braves.
Two Norfolk regional theatres have recently also paid tribute to Roger Lloyd - Pack.
Two other Norfolk theatres also have paid tribute to Roger John Lloyd - Pack.
Two Norfolk theatres also have paid a tribute to Sir Roger Lloyd - Pack.
Two Norfolk theatres have paid tributes, one to Roger Lloyd - Pack.
Two Royal Norfolk theatres have paid tribute to actor Sir Roger Lloyd - Pack.
The Chinese ringgit was closed lower against half the US dollar.
The ringgit closed lower up against the then current US dollar.
The ringgit was closed lower against about half the US dollar.
The new ringgit closed lower against half the current US dollar.
The ringgit was closed lower than against against the US dollar.
The ethnic - minority vote share is bigger than the majority of all but the sitting Labour MP in no fewer constituencies than 168 constituencies.
The total ethnic minority party vote is bigger overall than the majority of all the sitting party MP in no fewer constituencies than 168 constituencies.
The ethnic minority vote share is bigger overall than the majority of almost all the sitting MP in no fewer constituencies, than 168 constituencies.
The ethnic minority vote share is bigger than half the majority vote of the sitting Labour MP in no one fewer than than 168 constituencies.
The ethnic minority vote share is bigger than half the majority of the sitting MP, in no - one or fewer than 168 constituencies.
Every other coming day it brings us in new changes.
Every coming day brings in many other interesting new changes.
Every second coming every day brings us in new changes.
Every second coming school - day brings in new changes.
Every other coming day brings us in with new changes.
The Azerbaijani State Cabinet made to effect change excise duty rates imposed on crude oil products.
The new Azerbaijani Cabinet made to change excise duty tax tax rates based on oil products.
The Azerbaijani Cabinet made to change excise duty rates and rates based on crude oil products.
The Azerbaijani Cabinet made proposals to change excise and duty rates imposed annually on oil products.
The Azerbaijani State Cabinet was made to effect change excise and duty rates on oil products.
Rutgers - University is hosting workshops to teach young men how to give all of their girlfriends an orgasm.
Rutgers University, is hosting to help help teach men about how to give all their girlfriends an orgasm.
Rutgers University is hosting programs to teach men about how to give all of their male girlfriends an orgasm.
Rutgers University is hosting educational programs designed to help teach men how not to give their girlfriends an orgasm.
Rutgers University also is hosting workshops designed to teach men how to actually give their girlfriends such an orgasm.
John and Kerry meet with Benjamin Netanyahu to further discuss advance peace talks.
John Kerry also will meet with President Benjamin Netanyahu to advance peace talks.
John Kerry meetes with Benjamin Netanyahu, to discuss advance peace talks.
John Kerry meet with Benjamin Franklin Netanyahu, to advance the peace talks.
John and Kerry meet up with Benjamin Netanyahu, to advance peace talks.
The body was found in on the South Branch of the the Little Black Chicago River.
The body found was later found in near the South Branch channel of the Chicago River.
The main body was found in the lower South Branch section of the Little Chicago River.
The body found was later found buried in the South Chicago Branch of the Chicago River.
The body was found floating in on the South Branch of the Little Black Chicago River.
Julie Walters will be also honoured annually with a Michael Bafta fellowship.
Julie Walters will be also be honoured with receiving a Bafta fellowship.
Julie - Walters will be also honoured, with a Bafta fellowship.
Julie - Walters will be also honoured annually with a Bafta fellowship.
Julie Walters will be also honoured almost annually with a Bafta fellowship.
The new courts are in working order, also to make the tennis team feel more competitive.
The new indoor and outdoor tennis courts are in order to make the tennis team more competitive.
The new courts are in order to make sure the tennis - league team feel more competitive.
The new courts are in order to help make the national junior tennis championship team more competitive.
The new courts built are designed in order to make playing on the tennis team more competitive.
The Winnipeg Jets recalled their defenceman, Zachery Redmond from the St. - John's IceCaps.
The Winnipeg - Jets recalled veteran veteran defenceman Zach Redmond from joining the St. John's IceCaps.
The Winnipeg Jets recalled veteran defenceman Zach Redmond from Winnipeg joining the AHL St. John's IceCaps.
The Winnipeg Jets also recalled defenceman Zacherye Redmond from the AHL St. John's IceCaps.
The Winnipeg Jets also recalled veteran defenceman Zach Redmonds from the AHL St. John's IceCaps.
Health Management Associates said that its new health management board, is reviewing its sale.
Health Management Associates said its own new health management advisory board is reviewing its sale.
Health Management Associates said its very own new board is reviewing options for its sale.
Health Management Associates said its own, new board is reviewing options for its sale.
Health Management Associates LLC has said that its new board member is reviewing its sale.
Mats - Wilander also believes Andy Murray, is the best player ever in the world.
Mats - Wilander believes Andy Murray, is not the best player in all the world.
Mats Wilander, also, believes Andy Murray is the best player ever in the world.
Mats Anders Wilander believes Andy Andy Murray is the best player ever born in the world.
Mats Wilander also believes Andy Murray is probably the best player born ever in the world.
Manchester United, main target : Ilkay Gundogan has signed on a new loan deal with Borussia Dortmund.
Manchester United, the target Ilkay Gundogan, has signed on a new deal with Tennis Borussia Dortmund.
Manchester United, target Ilkay Gundogan has signed on a new deal, with Tennis Club Borussia Dortmund.
Manchester United, target Ilkay Gundogan, has recently also signed a new deal with Tennis Borussia Dortmund.
Manchester United, target Ilkay Gundogan has signed on a new loan deal, with Tennis Borussia Dortmund.
An auto repair yard located nearby in Wilmington also caught on fire.
An old Ford auto yard located in downtown Wilmington caught on fire.
An old auto yard located in Wilmington also reportedly caught on fire.
An auto yard located nearby in downtown Wilmington caught it on fire.
An old auto yard located in Wilmington was also caught on fire.
Ayurveda, is emerging as being an alternative alternative to medical treatment.
Ayurveda, is still emerging today as being an alternative medical treatment.
Ayurveda, which is emerging as an alternative approach to medical treatment.
Ayurveda, which today is emerging as being an alternative medical treatment.
Ayurveda, which is emerging as being an important alternative medical treatment.
A new self - - - - serve frozen yogurt shop, is preparing to open up shop in Mohegan Lake.
A new self - - - - - serve frozen - yogurt shop is preparing to open up in Mohegan Lake.
A new, self - serve frozen yogurt shop is also preparing to soon be open - up in Mohegan Lake.
A new self - - serve frozen yogurt shop is also currently preparing ingredients to open up shop in Mohegan Lake.
A new, self - - serve frozen yogurt and gift - shop is preparing to open up in Mohegan Lake.
24 OCTOBER 2013 Millie Mackintosh has never even once revealed she was just a little devil.
24 OCTOBER, 2013 Millie Mackintosh has revealed that she really was a wicked little devil.
24 OCTOBER, 2013 Millie Mackintosh, has revealed she really was just a little devil.
24 OCTOBER 2013 Millie Mackintosh has revealed that perhaps she really was a wicked little devil.
24, OCTOBER 2013 Millie Jo - Anne Mackintosh has revealed she was a little devil.
Dartmoor Group now expects to meet all market expectations.
Dart Group now expects to meet all its market expectations.
Dartmoor Group also expects it to meet market expectations.
Dart Group also expects for it to meet market expectations.
Dartmoor Group expects it not to meet market expectations.
The European Parliament itself has also backed a net - neutrality bill.
The European Parliament has backed by a European net - neutrality bill.
The European Union Parliament, has also backed a net neutrality bill.
The European Union Parliament has backed a net net - neutrality bill.
The European Parliament, which also has backed a net neutrality bill.
A young man has pleaded guilty to behaving in a very disorderly manner.
A man later pleaded not guilty to behaving in a very disorderly manner.
A man pleaded guilty, due to behaving in such a disorderly manner.
A man pleaded guilty, to not behaving in a particularly disorderly manner.
A young man pleaded not guilty due to behaving in a disorderly manner.
Eyepartner Media Group has also launched a new Affiliate Program program for promoters on TikiLIVE.
Eyepartner has launched a brand new Affiliate Program for all professional wrestling promoters on TikiLIVE.
Eyepartner Group has also launched as yet a new Affiliate Program for promoters on TikiLIVE.
Eyepartner Media Group has also launched yet a new Affiliate Program for promoters on TikiLIVE.
Eyepartner Group has launched also a new Affiliate Program for promoters based exclusively on TikiLIVE.
Western Union Pacific Digital Corp., has invested in a Bay Area company.
Western Union Digital Corp. has also invested in creating a Bay Area company.
Western Union Digital Corp. has invested heavily in creating a Bay Area company.
Western Union Digital Development Corp. has invested heavily in a Bay Area company.
Western Digital Corp., has invested in a new North Bay Area company.
Brandon Lee Meriweather has not been fined, and Dashon Goldson has been suspended.
Brandon Meriweathers has also not been fined, Dashon Goldson has been suspended.
Brandon Meriweathers has been fined, Dashon Goldsong has also been suspended.
Brandon Meriweather has been heavily fined, and quarterback Dashon Goldson has been suspended.
Brandon Lee Meriweather has been fined, and Dashon Goldson, has been suspended.
Loungers Group Limited is planning to open three new outlets just before Christmas.
Loungers is planning on to also officially open three new outlets before Christmas.
Loungers is also planning to also open three new outlets just before Christmas.
Loungers Group is planning to open three new retail outlets just before Christmas.
Loungers International is also planning to open three new retail outlets before Christmas.
A LORRY building had burst out into flames in Aldermaston.
A LORRY building had just burst into flames in Aldermaston.
A single LORRY burst out, into flames in Aldermaston.
A LORRY burst out into all the flames in Aldermaston.
A LORRY burst out into the flames back in Aldermaston.
Charlie Dooley says that, he still won't debate Steve Stenger.
Charlie Lee Dooley also says he still won't debate Steve Stenger.
Charliey Dooley says he won't even debate against Steve Stenger.
Charlie Dooley says that he won't debate it with Steve Stenger.
Charlie Dooley also says publicly that he won't debate Steve Stenger.
Allan McGregor is to probably also miss out the rest of the season.
Allan McGregor is to also not miss the rest of half the season.
Allan McGregor is expected to miss the entire entire rest of the season.
Allan McGregor, who is to miss the entire rest of the season.
Allan - McGregor is to miss the rest of most of the season.
THE European Commission today has approved of the package full of sanctions.
THE UN European Union Commission today has approved the package of sanctions.
THE European Union Commission today has unanimously approved the package of sanctions.
THE Central European Commission today has approved the latest package of sanctions.
THE Central and European Commission has today approved the package of sanctions.
Democratic candidate John Hanger has released his very own political agenda for women.
Democratic candidate Johnnie Hanger has long since released his agenda for women.
Democratic presidential candidate John Hanger has since released his agendas for women.
Democratic presidential presidential primary candidate John Hanger has released his agenda for women.
Democratic candidate John Hanger has released on his very own agenda for women.
Society must also work towards changing their negative perceptionss about women.
Society must work actively towards the changing negative perceptions made about women.
Society must work towards changing all its own negative perceptions about women.
Society also must work towards preventing changing negative public perceptions about women.
Society members must also work towards changing their negative perceptions about women.
Kristen Stewart has enrolled briefly while studying at the State University of California, Los Angeles.
Kristen Stewart has been also currently enrolled at, the University of California, Los Angeles.
Kristen Stewart has also enrolled briefly at the University of Southern California California, Los Angeles.
Kristen Stewart also recently has enrolled her at the University of California, in Los Angeles.
Kristene Stewart, has enrolled briefly at the University of California, in Los Angeles.
Amy and Klobuchar is now headed straight back to Iowa.
Amy Klobuchar now is headed straight back home to Iowa.
Amy Klobuchar is headed home straight back home to Iowa.
Amy - Klobuchar is headed straight back home to Iowa.
Amy and Klobuchar is now headed back home to Iowa.
Darrelle says that Revis is ready to practice.
Darrelle Revis is now ready again to practice.
Darrelle says that Revis is ready to practice.
Darrelle says that Revis is ready to practice.
Darrelle says that Revis is ready to practice.
Jane and Merrill Lynch was honoured to pay tribute to President Cory Monteith.
Jane Lynch was honoured there to pay a special tribute to Cory Monteith.
Jane Lynch was also also honoured to pay tributes to Cory Monteith.
Jane Merrill Lynch was honoured, to pay tribute to President Cory Monteith.
Jane Merrill Lynch was also honoured to also pay tribute to Cory Monteith.
A part that will always always belong to all the hills.
A part of that will always belong to all the hills.
A very small part will always belong only to the hills.
A part will not always belong only to all the hills.
A part will just not always always belong to the hills.
LifeNews journalists who were deported live from Ukraine.
LifeNews'journalists were deported separately from Ukraine.
LifeNews'journalists were also deported from Ukraine.
LifeNews'journalists were also deported from Ukraine.
LifeNews journalists who were also deported from Ukraine.
A woman driver was later arrested again during a traffic stop.
A young woman was arrested during a routine routine traffic stop.
A young woman was arrested twice during such a traffic stop.
A woman was arrested once again during such a traffic stop.
A young young woman was also arrested during a traffic stop.
He bringing in his own newfound lecture show to town.
He bringing all his new newfound lecture show to town.
He bringing his newfound lecture showman back to town.
He was bringing his newfound lecture - show to town.
He was bringing in his new lecture show back to town.
Rock Island Police are also not currently investigating the death.
Rock Island Island Police are investigating investigations into the death.
Rock Island Police are investigating police into investigating the death.
Rock Island City Police Department Department are investigating the death.
Rock Island County Park Police are also investigating the death.
The countdowns for the division has begun.
The countdown for the next division has begun.
The official countdowns for division has begun.
The countdown for the next division has begun.
The countdowns for division play has begun.
Peter O'Toole died at about the approximate approximate age of 81.
Peter O'Toole later died at the age age of of 81.
Peter Joseph O'Toole died at the approximate age of of 81.
Peter O'Toole died very very suddenly at the age of 81.
Peter Joseph O'Toole died at about the age age of 81.
Michael Schumacher has shown some signs of showing of improvement.
Michael Schumacher himself has shown some early signs of improvement.
Michael Schumacher himself has shown only some signs of improvement.
Michael Schumacher has shown some early signs, of improvement.
Michael Michael Schumacher has shown some early signs of improvement.
Giannena Thessaloniki beat Olympiakos by 2 0.
Giannena beat the Olympiakos by 2 0.
Giannena Thessaloniki FC beat Olympiakos 2 0.
Giannena Thessaloniki beat the Olympiakos 2 0.
Giannena Thessaloniki FC beat Olympiakos 2 0.
So, a black bear walks right into a gay bar. isn't.
So, a polar bear walks into such a crowded bar. isn't.
So, a bear walks into such such a crowded bar. isn't.
So, if a black bear walks into such a bar. isn't.
So, a black haired bear who walks into a bar. isn't.
JLOB was homeless.
JLOB was homeless.
JLOB was homeless.
JLOB was homeless.
JLOB was homeless.
Mario Balotelli is also the father figure figure of his daughter Pia.
Mario Antonio Balotellini is also the father of his daughter Pia.
Mario - Antonio Balotelli is the father of his only daughter Pia.
Mario Balotelli is also the father of all his other daughter Pia.
Mario Balotelli is also considered the father of all his daughter Pia.
Tedo Cruz has also endorsed Pete Ricketts.
Ted Cruz has also endorsed Senator Pete Ricketts.
Ted Cruz also has also endorsed Pete Ricketts.
Ted Cruz also has endorsed Senator Pete Ricketts.
Ted Cruz also, has endorsed Pete Ricketts.
Nursing care nursing professionals are getting a wider global acceptance.
Nursing professionals today are getting into a wider global acceptance.
Nursing professionals are getting a wider and more global acceptance.
Nursing professionals are getting a wider recognition and global acceptance.
Nursing professionals today are also getting wider and global acceptance.
Here's getting you a look at Michael Rooker, as Yondu in Guardians of All the Galaxy.
Here's a really good look at actor Michael Rooker as Yondu in The Guardians of the Galaxy.
Here's getting me a good look at Michael Rooker as Emperor Yondu in Guardians of the Galaxy.
Here's a look at actor Michael Rooker as Yondu in film The Guardianship of the Galaxy.
Here's a look back at Michael Michael Rooker as King Yondu in Guardianship of the Galaxy.
A Delhi Police Force chief constable was also crushed by a truck.
A Delhi City Police constable was also crushed down by a truck.
A Delhi City Corporation Police chief constable was crushed by a truck.
A senior Delhi City Police constable was crushed unconscious by a truck.
A Delhi City Police chief constable was also crushed by a truck.
Philippines'visa - free entry countries, were announced.
Philippines'visa - free entry to countries were announced.
Philippines'visa free entry list countries, were announced.
Philippines visa - and free - entry countries were announced.
Philippines, visa free for entry countries, were announced.
A large fire destroyed half a former business.
A major fire destroyed half a former business.
A very large fire destroyed a former business.
A large fire also destroyed a former business.
A fire destroyed a nearby, former business.
Profitect announced an investment led primarily by Motorola Business Solutions, Inc.
Profitect announced this with an investment led by Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Profitect also announced an investment investment by the Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Profitect announced with an equity investment by the Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Profitect announced with an initial investment by the Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Kenyan police forces may have repatriated the more than 60 Ethiopia aliens.
Kenyan police forces have repatriated more than about $ 60 Ethiopia aliens.
Kenyan police have repatriated more than more of than 60 Ethiopia aliens.
Kenyan police forces have repatriated the more than 60 illegal Ethiopia aliens.
Kenyan border police have repatriated more than 60 illegal from Ethiopia aliens.
Manchester United forward Danny Van der Welbeck is also enjoying success playing in a central role.
Manchester City United forward Danny Welbeck is enjoying some success playing in a more central role.
Manchester City United forward Danny Welbeck is enjoying success playing in a more traditional central role.
Manchester United forward Danny Van Welbeck is enjoying himself playing in such a very central role.
Manchester United centre forward, Danny Welbecke is also enjoying playing in a central role.
A very young local boy, was approached at Seaham.
A very young boy was approached again, at Seaham.
A very young boy, was approached, at Seaham.
A young local boy, he was approached at Seaham.
A young boy was being approached once again at Seaham.
A Rochester homeless homeless man has also been falsely accused of posing as a firefighter.
A young Rochester man has been falsely accused of being falsely posing as a firefighter.
A Rochester maniac who has been falsely accused of falsely posing as a firefighter.
A young Rochester man has been accused of allegedly falsely posing as being a firefighter.
A mysterious young Rochester man has been accused of posing himself as being a firefighter.
John Mahama hosted all matches for the World Cup trophy.
John Paul Mahama Stadium hosted for the World Cup trophy.
John Mahama hosted for the World Rugby World Cup trophy.
John Paul Mahama hosted for the World Rugby Cup trophy.
John Paul Mahama hosted for the FIFA World Cup trophy.
Mumbai, India John Abrahams was named the new face artist of the National Geographic Channel.
Mumbai, John Paul Abraham was named as the face of the new channel National Geographic Channel.
Mumbai, John Abraham was also named the face - of by the National - Geographic Channel.
Mumbai, John Abraham was named the face the photo of Jesus by the National Geographic Channel.
Mumbai, India John Paul Abrahams was also named the face of the National Geographic Channel.
West Ham Bradford City United have also signed Roger Johnson on loan.
West - West Ham United have also signed Roger Johnson on loan.
West Ham United have signed striker, Roger Lee Johnson on loan.
West - West Ham United have signed Roger Johnson, on loan.
West Ham Bradford City United also have signed Roger Johnson on loan.
The Indian economy however was not in a very good shape.
The Indian agricultural market economy however was not in good shape.
The West Indian economy however was still not in good shape.
The Indian agricultural economy was also not in very good shape.
The Indian economy however was still still not in good shape.
The BBC's online service, the BBC Playlister, has been launched out of beta.
The BBC's online music service, BBC Playlister, has launched it out of beta.
The new BBC's service, the BBC Playlister, has launched completely out of beta.
The BBC's service, called the official BBC Playlister, has launched out of beta.
The new national BBC's service, BBC Playlister, has been launched out of beta.
A Typhoid fever outbreak also recently has hit Mabvuku suburb.
A Typhoid outbreak outbreak has recently also hit Mabvuku suburb.
A particularly deadly Typhoid outbreak has also hit Mabvuku suburb.
A Typhoid fever outbreak, has also hit Mabvuku suburb.
A recent Typhoid outbreak has also hit the Mabvuku suburb.
Adams Oshiomhole has been also regularly commiserated with Wole Soyinka.
Adams Oshiomholeh has also often commiserated with Wole Soyinka.
Adams Oshiomholem has also commiserated with singer Wole Soyinka.
Adams - John Oshiomhole has commiserated regularly with Wole Soyinka.
Adams - Oshiomhole has commiserated with former President Wole Soyinka.
Barack Obama also had had a productive meeting with President Nawaz Sharif.
Barack Obama also had had a productive personal meeting with Nawaz Sharif.
Barack - Obama Obama had a productive personal meeting with Nawaz Sharif.
Barack - Obama had a very productive meeting with President Nawaz Sharif.
Barack Obama had a very productive and personal meeting with Nawaz Sharif.
It may be expensive ; nothing but zero dollars in up front energy and storage has arrived.
It still may be ; but zero multi - million dollars up front energy storage has arrived.
It still may not be ; but with zero dollars up - front energy storage has arrived.
It may be ; but zero dollars up - front energy and energy storage money has arrived.
It may be ; nothing but zero million US dollars up front energy storage money has arrived.
Miley Cyrus Cyrus Cyrus and Kellan Lutz have been seen hooking up.
Miley Cyrus Cyrus and Kellan and Lutz have been seen hooking up.
Miley Cyrus and Kellan and Lutzer have been seen hooking up.
Miley Cyrus and Kellan Lutzer have been seen occasionally hooking up.
Miley Cyrus and actor, Kellan and Lutz have been hooking up.
One, Zahid Hasan has recently also taken some time off to celebrate on his birthday.
One, Prince Zahid Hasan has also taken time - off to celebrate on his birthday.
One, Zahid Hasan, has taken time - off to go and celebrate his birthday.
One, Zahid Hasan, has taken time off from work to help celebrate his birthday.
One, Prince Abdul Zahid Hasan has taken a time - off to celebrate his birthday.
Cokie Roberts doesn't really believe the new American conspiracy theories.
Cokie Roberts still doesn't believe in the same conspiracy theories.
Cokie Roberts doesn't believe me in all the conspiracy theories.
Cokie Roberts doesn't really really really believe the conspiracy theories.
Cokie Roberts doesn't really believe much in the conspiracy theories.
A snake reared up, and nearly bit a man's penis, while pretending he was sitting down on a toilet.
A snake had reared up and bit a young man's penis, while pretending that he was sitting on a toilet.
A snake had reared up and bit at a man's penis while pretending he himself was sitting on to a toilet.
A snake reared up and bit into a man's nearly partially erect penis while he was still sitting on a toilet.
A snake had reared up and nearly bit a young man's penis while he was sitting on next to a toilet.
A young child was hit twice by a car accident in Springfield.
A child soldier, was hit by driving a car in Springfield.
A child soldier was also hit by a police car in Springfield.
A child was reportedly also hit by a police car in Springfield.
A child was hit about twice by a car accident in Springfield.
Basketball team practice began.
Basketball team practice began.
Basketball team practice began.
Basketball team practice began.
Basketball team practice began.
Women born with higher female IQs are less than likely to have kids.
Women with higher IQs are less - than likely likely to have kids.
Women with significantly higher IQs also, are less likely to have kids.
Women with much higher IQs are much the less likely to have kids.
Women with higher IQs are less than as likely likely to have kids.
Manipurans today celebrated the Patriots Day.
Manipur is today celebrated as Patriots Day.
Manipur today celebrated it as Patriots Day.
Manipur today celebrated it as Patriots Day.
Manipur today celebrated it as Patriots Day.
These flies I have caught, and they love bug.
These flies I have caught they really are love bug.
These little black flies have caught what they love bug.
These flies I should have caught, they love bug.
These flies have not been caught because they love bug.
Needham & Root Company downgraded SanDisk Buys to Buy.
Needham & Company also has downgraded SanDisk Buy to Buy.
Needham & Company later downgraded it to SanDisk to Buy.
Needham Smith & Company, later downgraded SanDisk to Buy.
Needham, John Smith & Company downgraded SanDisk to Buy.
A Whitehorse County man is facing federal charges of sexually luring a child.
A young Whitehorse man is now also facing charges of luring a child.
A young Whitehorse maniac is facing charges of sexually luring a child.
A Whitehorse man is facing charges of allegedly sexually sexually luring a child.
A Whitehorse man is facing criminal charges, of luring away a child.
Sunil plays, too but Krushna seems not happy enough to step.
Sunil also plays, but Krushna seems too happy not to step.
Sunil plays, singing too but only Krushna seems happy to step.
Sunil still plays, too but Krushna seems too happy to step.
Sunil plays, too but only because Krushna seems happy to step.
A West Vancouver woman has been recently been arrested for starting a December 2010 house fire.
A West Vancouver woman who has been recently arrested responsible partly for a December house fire.
A West Vancouver area woman who died has been arrested for a December 2010 house fire.
A West - End Vancouver woman who has been arrested for starting a December house fire.
A West - West End Vancouver woman has been arrested for a December 2010 house fire.
Frontier International Airlines will add scheduled service from its hub in downtown, Denver to Missoula beginning.
Frontier Airlines will add service south from its main hub in Denver, Colorado to Missoula beginning.
Frontier Airlines will soon also add service from its hub in Denver, to the Missoula beginning.
Frontier Airlines System will also add service routes from its hub in Denver to the Missoula beginning.
Frontier International Airlines will also also add service from its hubs in Denver to Missoula beginning.
Pawan Kalyan Singh has called off his first press meet, which was originally slated to only be held in the early - second week of March.
Pawant Kumar Kalyan has called off his press conference meet, which was slated to be officially being held sometime in the second week of March.
Pawan Kumar Kalyan, who has called off his first press meet, announced which day was slated to be held in the second week of March.
Pawan Kalyan has called - off his press conference meet, which was slated for to be held later in the second full week ahead of March.
Pawan Kalyan has called off his press conference meet, which it was slated to be then, officially held in the early second week of March.
Demián Lovato thinks Selena and Selena Gomez is amazing.
Demián Lovato thinks that singer Selena Gomez is amazing.
Demián Lovato also thinks Selena Gomez performance is amazing.
Demiándo Lovato thinks that Selena Gomez is amazing.
Demi Lovato also, thinks Selena Gomez performance is amazing.
Oracle Team Team USA also won the 2011 America's Cup.
Oracle Team Team Team USA also won the America's Cup.
Oracle Team USA also won at the 2011 America's Cup.
Oracle Team USA won the 2011 UCI UCI America's Cup.
Oracle and Team USA won both of the America's Cup.
Mahanavami festival was celebrated in medieval West Bengal.
Mahanavami was celebrated annually in medieval West Bengal.
Mahanavami festival, was celebrated in West Bengal.
Mahanavami festival was also celebrated in West Bengal.
Mahanavami was celebrated annually in the West Bengal.
Ryan Braun sat out of there to restrain his thumb.
Ryan Braun had sat out there to gently rest his thumb.
Ryan Braun sat back out to gently finger rest his thumb.
Ryan Braun had sat out to rest it on his thumb.
Ryan Braun sat back reaching out out to rest his thumb.
Wherever Steve the Stockman has been.
Wherever Steve the Stockman has been.
Where Steve the Old Stockman has been.
Wherever, Steve Stockman has been.
Where Steve the Stockman himself has been.
A veterinary nurse has also been suspended, after she was being took back home from a stray cat that was due to be euthanised.
A veterinary nurse has also been suspended, and even after she successfully took back home a cat that she was due to be euthanised.
A veterinary veterinary nurse, has been suspended, after she took home, with a cat, one that was due to be euthanised.
A veterinary nurse has also been suspended, shortly after which she took home a cat that she was due home to not be euthanised.
A female veterinary nurse has been suspended, after she took back home a cat that was due home to be still not be euthanised.
Ryan Jones will also now also be leaving to join Bristol.
Ryan Lloyd - Jones will be leaving Leicester to join Bristol.
Ryan Jones, will be leaving to go and join Bristol.
Ryan Jones will also be last seen leaving to join Bristol.
Ryan - Jones will also now be leaving to join Bristol.
The North Bismarck city council approved a new contract for municipal curbside recycling.
The Bismarck city city council approved a contract for using the curbside recycling.
The North - Bismarck city council approved a contract for the curbside recycling.
The Bismarck city city council has approved a contract for the curbside recycling.
The Bismarck County city council has approved a contract application for curbside recycling.
Attorneys for Joe, Brown University, has asked for another delay.
Attorneys for Joe and Brown has asked them again for another delay.
Attorneys for Joe Brownlow has asked Congressmen for another delay.
Attorneys for Joe and Brownlee has also asked for another delay.
Attorneys for Joe and Brownlow has asked Congress for another delay.
Teresa Mary Jane Heinz Kerry made her first public appearance in there since suffering in July.
Teresa Heinz Kerry made her first ever major international public appearance since her suffering in July.
Teresa Heinz Kerry had also made her first major public appearance since her suffering in July.
Teresa Jane Heinz Kerry made it only her second first public appearance since suffering in July.
Teresa Jane Heinz Kerry had also made her very first public appearance since suffering in July.
Akshay Kumar also attended for the screening of all his BOSS.
Akshay Kumar also attended the first screening of all his BOSS.
Akshay Kumar Kumar attended for him the screening of his BOSS.
Akshay Kumar attended for the screening of almost all his BOSS.
Akshay Kumar also attended Hyderabad for the screening of his BOSS.
Graduate unemployment insurance policy is a simple matter of choice.
Graduated unemployment is not a simple matter of choice.
Graduate unemployment is simply not a simple matter of choice.
Graduated unemployment is a simple matter matter of choice.
Graduate unemployment insurance is not a matter of of choice.
PBA players, who often visit Yolanda victims.
PBA Tour players, who visit Yolanda victims.
PBA players, who often visit Yolanda victims.
PBA players, visit the San Yolanda victims.
PBA PBA players, visit the Yolanda victims.
Amanda Dempsey has since then passed away, at age 79.
Amanda Lee Dempsey, has since passed away at age 79.
Amanda Lee Dempsey, has since passed away at age 79.
Amanda Dempsey, has passed - away, at age 79.
Amanda Dempsey has long since passed away, at age 79.
The driver wanted in a fatal crash has now also voluntarily voluntarily turned himself in.
The last taxi driver wanted killed in a fatal crash has now turned himself in.
The driver he has wanted in such a fatal crash has turned it himself in.
The driver wanted in case a fatal crash and has since turned it himself in.
The driver wanted it in the case a fatal crash has turned it himself in.
An Indianapolis police officer has just fatally - shot a robbery suspect.
An undercover Indianapolis officer has fatally pistol - shot a robbery suspect.
An undercover Indianapolis officer has fatally shot a local bank robbery suspect.
An Indianapolis officer who has fatally shot a bank - robbery suspect.
An undercover Indianapolis officer has fatally pistol - shot a robbery suspect.
A pizza - delivery truck driver was able only to be successfully run away from two robbers in Severn.
A pizza delivery driver was also able to successfully successfully run away from the two bank robbers in Severn.
A pizza delivery delivery truck driver, was also able to run away from two robbers, in Severn.
A pizza delivery truck driver was reportedly also reportedly being able to run away from two robbers in Severn.
A local pizza delivery delivery truck driver was also able to run away from two robbers living in Severn.
Bright orange hats added in a quirky twist to make a more typical charity lunch.
Bright - orange top hats added a more quirky twist, to a charity lunch.
Bright orange hats added quite of a quirky twist, to a typical charity lunch.
Bright orange and topaz top hats added a quirky twist to a charity lunch.
Bright orange hats added a quirky twist, to a much more typical charity lunch.
Marco Rubio endorsed Mitch McConnell over his 2008 Tea Party Tea Party challenger.
Marco Rubio endorsed Mitch McConnell over his Tea - Tea Party Party challenger.
Marco Antonio Rubio endorsed Governor Mitch McConnell over his former Tea Party challenger.
Marco Rubio also endorsed Mitchel McConnell, over his Tea Party challenger.
Marco Rubio endorsed Republican Governor Mitch McConnell over his Tea Party Party challenger.
Fiji has been consistently rated the third highest in terms of domestic violence committed against women.
Fiji rape has been rated as the highest in terms of number of violence against women.
Fiji has been consistently rated the highest in terms of domestic violence committed directly against women.
Fiji has been rated the highest country ever ranked globally in terms of violence against women.
Fiji has been consistently rated the nation the highest globally in terms of violence against women.
Early Bird vehicle registration registration for parking at the Murray Valley State Technical University began.
Early Bird test vehicle registration for student parking at the Murray State Polytechnic University began.
Early Blue Bird vehicle registration for parking at the Murray River Valley State University began.
Early Bird vehicle registration for parking spaces at or nearby the Murray State University began.
Early Bird Road, vehicle registration registration for parking at the Murray State University began.
Bill Nighy has also never met singer, Britney Spears.
Bill Van Nighy himself, has never met Britney Spears.
Bill Van Van Nighy himself has never met Britney Spears.
Bill Van Nighy has never actually met singer Britney Spears.
Bill Nighyby himself has never met singer Britney Spears.
The White Sox may also have claimed Jake Elmoren off waivers.
The White - Red Sox have claimed Jake Elmorex off waivers.
The Chicago White Sox have claimed Jake and Elmore Johnson off waivers.
The White Sox may have claimed Jakes and Elmore off waivers.
The White Sox Red - Sox have claimed Jake Elmore off waivers.
Production volume of Iranian Ford Tibar car model has increased significantly by 74. 7 percent.
Production volume of Iranian Tibar car model range has increased by 74. 5 7 percent.
Production and volume of the Iranian Mini Tiba car model has increased by 74. 7 percent.
Production of the Iranian Renault Tiba car and model has also increased by 74. 7 percent.
Production of Iranian Tiba car model and range has increased by about 74. 5 7 percent.
India's industrial production contracted 2. 2 per million per cent annually in June.
India's industrial production contracted at 2. 2 per million per cent in June.
India's total annual industrial production was contracted 2. 2 per cent in June.
India's industrial coal production contracted 2. 5 2 per - cent in June.
India's industrial production was contracted out at 2. 2 per cent in June.
Britain also strongly favours closer engagement with Gujaratis and Narendra Modi.
Britain favours a closer engagement with Gujarat and India supports Narendra Modi.
Britain favours closer naval naval engagement, with Gujarat and Narendra Modi.
Britain favours a closer military engagement with Gujarat and supports Narendra Modi.
Britain favours closer military - engagement with Gujaratis and Narendra Modi.
A fiery fatalist car crash in Harrison County has left one young man dead.
A recent fiery crash in Harrisonburg County has also left only one man dead.
A recent fiery crash in Harrison County has left only one young young man dead.
A recent fiery crash in Harrisonburg County, has only left one man dead.
A recent, fiery crash in rural Harrison County has only left one man dead.
Aaron Hernandez pleaded guilty to not guilty.
Aaron and Hernandez pleaded to not guilty.
Aaron and Hernandez pleaded to not guilty.
Aaron and Hernandez also pleaded not guilty.
Aaron Hernandez pleaded guilty to not guilty.
A young black man is suing over some mashed potatoes.
A man who is suing me over the mashed potatoes.
A man who is suing me over my mashed potatoes.
A young man is suing for me over mashed potatoes.
A man is now openly suing over the mashed potatoes.
Thousands gathered around him for a candlelight vigil.
Thousands had gathered around for a candlelight vigil.
Thousands gathered around for a brief candlelight vigil.
Thousands had already gathered for a candlelight vigil.
Thousands gathered around for such a candlelight vigil.
BHP - 2 Billiton will replace two shiploaders.
BHP Billiton will now also replace two shiploaders.
BHP Billiton Limited will replace the two shiploaders.
BHP Billiton will also temporarily replace two shiploaders.
BHP Billiton Limited will replace the two shiploaders.
Two Slocomb residents also were arrested, as part one, of a drug investigation.
Two Slocomb residents were arrested as part one, of a 2007 federal drug investigation.
Two Slocombe Townships residents were arrested as part one of a drug investigation.
Two Slocomb residents also, were arrested as a part of conducting a drug investigation.
Two former Slocomb residents were also arrested, as part of conducting a drug investigation.
UNICEF launched a initiative focused on reducing violence directed against children.
UNICEF launched as a new national initiative on violence against children.
UNICEF launched a national initiative, focusing on violence against children.
UNICEF has launched a initiative focusing specifically on violence against children.
UNICEF has launched a initiative focusing specifically on violence against children.
A grant program will help to help schools put Visalia police officers on middle school campuses.
A state grant will also help put Visalia police officers on middle high - school campuses.
A new state grant will help put Visalia police department police officers on middle school campuses.
A state grant program will help put Visalia police officers out on the middle school campuses.
A grant will help put more highly qualified Visalia police officers in on middle school campuses.
Bryan Bulaga will have surgery, and be lost again for half of the season.
Bryan De Bulaga will also have knee surgery and be lost indefinitely for the season.
Bryan Bulaga will also have surgery, surgery and be lost for half the season.
Bryan Bulaga will not have surgery, surgery and will be lost for the season.
Bryan Bulaga will have surgery, and will be declared lost weight for the season.
CWB has begun building its very own own first grain elevator.
CWB has recently, also begun building its first grain elevator.
CWBU has begun by building up its first grain elevator.
CWBU has also begun by building its first grain elevator.
CWB has also begun building up its first dedicated grain elevator.
The nearby Atmore Park Rotary Club will also host a clay shoot.
The Atmore Rotary Club office building will host a short clay shoot.
The nearby Atmore Rotary Club will host for a short clay shoot.
The Atmore Rotary Club will host events with a short clay shoot.
The Atmore Park and Rotary Club will also host a clay shoot.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho, is also planning on sending Nathaniel Chalobahar on loan for one season or more season.
Chelsea head manager Jose Maria Mourinho, is planning on sending Nathaniel Smith to Chalobah on loan for one more season.
Chelsea manager, José Jose Mourinho, is planning on only sending Nathaniel Chalobah on loan for just one more season.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is planning heavily based on sending Nathaniel to Chalobahar on a loan for one more season.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is planning on sending in Nathaniel Chalobah on a loan, but for just one more season.
The German air force improve its performance.
The task force must improve its performance.
The German air force improve its performance.
The air force must improve its performance.
The force must also improve its performance.
Chrissie Culliver has since pleaded not guilty.
Chris Culliver, who has pleaded not guilty.
Chris Culliver has since then pleaded not guilty.
Chrissy Culliver has pleaded to not guilty.
Chrissie Culliver, has pleaded not guilty.
I get my little girl kids to go eat healthy.
I get my kids ready to go and eat healthy.
I can get my little kids to go eat healthy.
I can get all of my kids to eat healthy.
I can get my own little kids to eat healthy.
Seven Husker Stadium defenders were also awarded Blackshirts.
Seven Husker Stadium defenders also were awarded Blackshirts.
Seven former Minnesota Husker defenders were awarded Blackshirts.
Seventeen former Husker defenders were awarded Blackshirts.
Seven Husker defenders also, were awarded Blackshirts.
A young black man was arrested, fought police.
A man was arrested, and he fought police.
A young man was also arrested, fought police.
A young man was arrested, and fought police.
A man there was arrested, and fought police.
DART bus and services services will also be disrupted over the bank holiday holiday weekend.
DART and all the other services will be disrupted over the bank holiday holiday weekend.
DART and services will be most severely disrupted, over the bank holiday holiday weekend.
DART trains and services will also not be disrupted over half the bank holiday weekend.
DART trains and services, will not be disrupted again over the bank holiday weekend.
Clark College Theater will host the author and television screenwriter Jon Raymond.
Clark College Theater will host author, director and screenwriter Jon Raymond.
Clark College Theater will host author, and television screenwriter Jon Raymond.
Clark Community College will host author, and screenwriter, Jon Raymond.
Clark College will host author, and television screenwriter, Jon Raymond.
Tata Docomo launched mobile data plans for pre - paid paid paid GSM customers.
Tata Docomo launched data plans exclusively for its pre - paid mobile GSM customers.
Tata Docomo launched data transfer plans for all pre - paid mobile GSM customers.
Tata - Docomo also launched data plans for pre - paid mobile GSM customers.
Tata - Docomo launched data transfer plans specifically for pre - paid GSM customers.
Albanian parliament approved a decision not to postpone implementations of such a new law on the civil servants.
Albanian parliament approved a unanimous decision to postpone discussions on the implementation of a law on female civil servants.
Albanian parliament approved a more unanimous decision to postpone implementations of such a new law on civil servants.
Albanian parliament also also has approved a decision to postpone implementation of such a new law on civil servants.
Albanian parliament has also approved a decision not to immediately postpone implementation of such a law on civil servants.
Sam Querrey recovered enough to beat and eventually reach the second round matchup stage of the Moselle Open.
Sam Querrey then quickly recovered to beat and reach to the second - round match of the Moselle Open.
Samás Querrey, then recovered to beat and reach the second qualifying round of, the Moselle Open.
Sam Querrey then recovered to beat and reach into the second - qualifying round stage of the Moselle Open.
Sam Querrey recovered enough to narrowly beat him and reach into the deciding second round of the Moselle Open.
Jacqueline - Jacqueline Jossa feels lucky enough to work with Jamie Lomas.
Jacqueline Jossain feels very lucky enough to work with Jamie Lomas.
Jacqueline Fernandez - Jossa feels lucky to work together with Jamie Lomas.
Jacqueline - Jossa feels very very lucky to work with Jamie Lomas.
Jacqueline Jossa feels lucky enough to still still work with Jamie Lomas.
Regulators plan to also impose new security rules, specifically on electric utilities.
Regulators also plan to help impose some new security rules on electric utilities.
Regulators also plan to impose new social - security rules on electric utilities.
Regulators plan to impose new social security spending rules on the electric utilities.
Regulators also plan to impose some new security protection rules on electric utilities.
Duke's Jabari Parker was also named MVP to both the John R. Wooden Award and All - American Team.
Duke's quarterback Jabari Parker was also named to the John R. Robinson Wooden Award All All - American Team.
Duke's Jabari Lamarr Parker, was named to the 2009 John R. Wooden Award All - American Team.
Duke's Jabari Parker was named to the John R. Wooden Memorial Memorial Memorial Award All - African American Team.
Duke's Jabari Lee Parker, was also named to the 2009 John R. Wooden Award All - American Team.
Walgreens had reported September 2015 sales growth of $ 1 an increase of 8. 0 percent.
Walgreens stores had reported September sales of $ an increase rate of about 8. 0 percent.
Walgreens had September sales figures of $ an increase rate rate of nearly 8. 0 percent.
Walgreens stores also had September sales figures of $ an increase of 8. 5 0 percent.
Walgreens had reported September sales of $ an increase rate of only about 8. 0 percent.
The Law - Enforcement Enforcement Directorate is likely to file criminal charges against Dayalu, Ammal and his daughter Kanimozhi.
The Enforcement Directorate is also likely to file charges against Dayalu, Ammalan and his own teenage daughter Kanimozhi.
The Enforcement Directorate also is likely to file criminal charges against Dayalu, Raja Ammal, and his daughter Kanimozhi.
The State Law Enforcement Directorate is likely to also eventually file charges against Captain Dayalu Ammal and his daughter Kanimozhi.
The Enforcement Services Directorate itself is also likely to file criminal charges against President Dayalu Ammal and his daughter Kanimozhi.
A former Police Chief Woodward officer was sentenced.
A single former Chief Woodward officer was sentenced.
A former Woodward police department officer was sentenced.
A very single former Woodward officer was sentenced.
A very single former Woodward officer was sentenced.
A Harrisburg man has been falsely charged with killing relatives of someone at a hotel.
A Harrisburg police man has been falsely charged, twice with killing at a hotel.
A young Harrisburg police man has been falsely charged with killing at least a hotel.
A Harrisburg police maniac who has been charged with killing at least a hotel.
A Harrisburg police maniac has been falsely charged with the killing at a hotel.
Wide receiver Malcom Davis - Floyd also returned to practice.
Wide - receiver, quarterback Malcom Floyd returned to practice.
Wide receiver, Malcom and Gary Floyd returned to practice.
Wide receiver, Malcom Floyd returned home early to practice.
Wide receiver Malcom - Floyd also never returned to practice.
Summerset nearly nearly doubled its profit.
Summerset nearly doubled in its profit.
Summerset nearly doubled in its profit.
Summerset doubled significantly in its profit.
Summerset doubled significantly in its profit.
Chevron will also temporarily move to Elizabeth Quay.
Chevron will also move to Queen Elizabeth Quay.
Chevron Canada headquarters will move to Elizabeth Quay.
Chevron will also move operations to Elizabeth Quay.
Chevron Canada will move to Queen Elizabeth Quay.
One county and half of the Navajo Nation lands have been added to such a declaration.
One Arizona county, and the Navajo Nation have both also been added to a declaration.
One Arizona county and the Navajo Nation tribal council territory have been added to a declaration.
One county and the entire or entire Navajo Nation area have been added to a declaration.
One county, and the Navajo Nation Nation have been also added according to a declaration.
Huawei University today proudly unveils the world's first G. fast over Coax multi - - user Internet access prototype.
Huawei University today is unveils as the world's first G. fast over Coax multi - user Internet access prototype.
Huawei Corporation today unveils the "... world's first G. fast - over Coax multi - user access prototype.
Huawei today also unveils the world's first. G. fast over Coax and multi - user Internet access prototype.
Huawei today also unveils the world's first. G. fast over Coax and multi - user user access prototype.
A student has opened a fire in at least a US school.
A student has opened fire in on campus to a US school.
A student has also opened fire in a local, US school.
A student group has opened fire in on to a US school.
A student group has opened a fire in on a US school.
Tractor industry sales have also been plunged by over 43 per cent.
Tractor industry sales have plunged by 43 % % in per cent.
Tractor industry product sales have plunged by just over 43 per cent.
Tractor - industry sales have plunged sharply by over 43 per cent.
Tractor industry sales'figures have plunged sharply by 43 per cent.
Ukrainian politician Vitaliy Klitschko said that he himself would not run again for president in a 2015 election.
Ukrainian opposition politician, Vitali Klitschko said he would not run again for president again in a 2015 election.
Ukrainian opposition politician Vitali Klitschko has said that he himself would not run for president in a 2015 election.
Ukrainian politician Vitali Klitschko, has said he would run for president again in 2016 after a 2015 election.
Ukrainian politician, Vitali Klitschko said he would not run again for Ukrainian deputy president in a 2015 election.
Yahoo! is also rolling - out a new free mobile web experience.
Yahoo! is rolling - out a new global, mobile web experience.
Yahoo! is rolling itself out of a brand new mobile web experience.
Yahoo! is rolling out a new brand - new mobile web experience.
Yahoo! is rolling out of a new global mobile and web experience.
A college student has been falsely falsely accused, of threatening to kill his pregnant wife.
A student student who died has been accused of falsely threatening to kill his pregnant wife.
A student has also been accused of threatening to kill his own allegedly - pregnant wife.
A student has been accused of falsely threatening to kill off his supposedly - pregnant wife.
A student has also been accused of of threatening to kill himself off his pregnant wife.
NEW THE YORK, 2014 Lady Lady Gaga celebrated her 28th birthday.
NEW YORK, Lady Lady - Gaga celebrated her own 28th birthday.
NEW YORK, as Lady Gaga, also celebrated her 28th birthday.
NEW YORK, where Lady Gaga Lady Gaga celebrated her 28th birthday.
NEW YORK, Lady Lady Gaga celebrated her own special 28th birthday.
Parents often have the greatest influence on youths responsible for not taking drugs.
Parents have the greatest negative influence on all the youths not taking drugs.
Parents have the single greatest influence on youths for not actually taking drugs.
Parents have the single single greatest influence on youths for not taking drugs.
Parents have the single second greatest negative influence on youths not taking drugs.
TDC Bank in the 12000 block of Old Highway US 1W in Vero Beach was robbed Sunday afternoon.
TD Bank branch in just the 1200 block east of downtown US 1 in Vero Beach was also robbed Sunday afternoon.
TD Bank branch located in the 1200 block of US Route Route 1 in Vero Beach was also robbed Sunday afternoon.
TD Bank branch in just the 1200 block of US 1 in downtown South Vero Beach was also robbed Sunday afternoon.
TD Bank in the 1200 block of US 1 in downtown Vero Beach Long Beach was reportedly also robbed Sunday afternoon.
The New Hampshire International Film Critics Festival has released its lineup.
The New - Hampshire International Film Critics Festival released its lineup.
The 2009 New Hampshire Film and Critics Festival released its lineup.
The New - Hampshire Film Critics Festival released out its lineup.
The New Hampshire Independent International Film Festival has released its lineup.
Kim Il Jong - un has met him and warned of a very grave situation and is threatened with a nuclear test.
Kim Il Jong - un has also met and warned him of a grave security situation and threatened with a nuclear test.
Kim Jong - un has met and warned of such a very grave situation and has even threatened a second nuclear test.
Kim Jong - un has been met and warned of a grave security situation and has even threatened a second nuclear test.
Kim Jong - - un himself has met and warned of a grave situation, and has threatened a second nuclear test.
Veteran and member, of the The Ultimate Street - Fighter 11 fighting team Kyacey Uscola is facing after being convicted of domestic violence charges.
Veteran and member of The Ultimate Street Fighter 11 Kyaceya Uscolas is currently facing after being convicted, of domestic - violence charges.
Veteran actor and main cast member of The New Next Generation Ultimate Fighter 11 Kyacey Uscola is facing after being convicted of domestic violence charges.
Veteran and member cast of The Ultimate Fighter 11 Kyaceya Uscolak is currently facing after being recently convicted of domestic - violence charges.
Veteran and member of The Ultimate Fighter 11, Kyacey - Uscola, is facing trial after being convicted twice of domestic - violence charges.
PopCap Games is working on a new title series for consoles, such as as as well as new updates and ports for title Peggle 2.
PopCap Games is currently working on a new new title, for consoles, as as well as updates and ports, for title Peggle 2.
PopCap is working on a new title for home consoles, as well as making updates and ports for the title, The Big Peggle 2.
PopCap is currently working on a new new title for consoles, PC as well as as updates made to and ports for title Peggle 2.
PopCap is working on a new game title released for home video game consoles, as well as as updates and ports for title Peggle 2.
The Rabbonim can women to men only take cialis for men.
The Rabbonim can also make the women take cialis for men.
The Rabbonim, how can women not take cialis for men.
The first Rabbonim can women take the name cialis for men.
The Jewish Rabbonim can have women take the cialis for men.
St. - Petersburg High School plans to and strictly enforces its own dress code.
St. Petersburg High School has plans not to even strictly enforce its own dress code.
St. Petersburg High - School plans to strictly - enforce regulations on its dress code.
St. Petersburg Senior High School plans to strictly - not strictly enforce its dress code.
St. Petersburg High - School also plans to strictly enforces its own dress code.
One One Direction's Harry Styles has won a federal court order for not banning the paparazzi.
One - Direction's Harry Styles, has won in a court martial order banning the paparazzi.
One Direction's manager Harry N. Styles has since won a court order banning the paparazzi.
One Direction's frontman Harry Styles has won a court order for effectively banning all the paparazzi.
One Direction's Harry Styles has won in a court order, for banning all the paparazzi.
The supplementary budget also has a populist flavour.
The new supplementary budget also has populist flavour.
The supplementary budget has developed a populist flavour.
The new supplementary government budget has populist flavour.
The current supplementary state budget has populist flavour.
A man is also arrested, after a standoff in Salt Lake Mills.
A young man is arrested shortly after a standoff occurs in Lake Mills.
A maniac is arrested after starting a standoff riot in Lake Mills.
A young man is later also arrested after a standoff in Lake Mills.
A man is arrested after hearing such a standoff occurs in Lake Mills.
Casino, arizona, craps find.
Casino, arizona, craps find.
Casino, an arizona craps find.
Casino, an arizona craps find.
Casino arizona, a craps find.
Australia stocks fell with energy market share shares among the main weak spots.
Australia energy stocks fell with energy shares being among the main weak spots.
Australia energy stocks fell with energy market share shares among the weak spots.
Australia stocks fell with the energy sector ranking shares among the weak spots.
Australia stocks also sharply fell, with energy shares among the weak spots.
The Ospreys would have bucked them off the trend, perhaps by naming a trio of Lions stars for starting their season opener.
The Ospreys have bucked off the most recent trend, by naming a new trio of Detroit Lions stars for their season opener.
The Ospreys have bucked the trend by naming themselves a fictional trio of Detroit Lions football stars, for example their season opener.
The Ospreys have also bucked the trend, by naming a brand new trio of Lions stars, just for their season opener.
The Ospreys have bucked off the trend by now not even naming a new trio of Lions stars for celebrating their season opener.
Businesses are invited to also host at a rain barrel festival this summer.
Businesses are invited to host a free rainwater barrel festival this summer.
Businesses are also invited to host a rainwater harvesting barrel this summer.
Businesses are invited to help host a rainwater barrel festival this summer.
Businesses are invited to also host a free annual rain barrel this summer.
This year's German Annual Meeting in Bad Davos comes when the global and local political organisations there have failed.
This year's Annual Meeting in Davos comes about when both the major global and local political organisations have failed.
This year's Annual Meeting in Badr Davos, comes about when the global political party organisations have failed.
This new year's Annual Meeting in Bad Davos comes about just when the global political organisations themselves have failed.
This year's Annual Meeting held in Davos comes when the global political party and organisations present there have failed.
Tom Laughlin the star and the creator of Billy Jacks is, the last great old anti establishment icon who is gone at 82.
Tomás Laughlin, the movie star and creator, of what Billy Jack is, the anti establishment and icon is gone at 82.
Tomás Laughlin the star and creator, of Billy Jack is, the old anti - establishment icon is just now gone at 82.
Tom Laughlin the star actor and the creator of Who Billy and Jack It is, the anti establishment sex icon is gone at 82.
Tom Laughlin the star and creator, of Billy as Jack is, the old anti - gay - establishment icon is gone at 82.
A warrant has been issued, specifically for a convicted man in connection with with the killing.
A warrant has also been issued specifically for a man in direct connection with ordering the killing.
A warrant has also been recently issued for a third man in connection with ordering the killing.
A search warrant has been also been issued for a man in connection with with the killing.
A search warrant has been reportedly also issued for a man arrested in connection with the killing.
The Detroit Tigers would not have clinched a possible playoff spot.
The 2017 Detroit Tigers have clinched a possible second playoff spot.
The Detroit Junior College Tigers have never clinched a playoff spot.
The 2017 Detroit Tigers would have clinched a playoff playoff spot.
The 2017 Detroit Tigers have clinched for them a playoff spot.
The Czech technocrat - coalition coalition government lost a confidence vote.
The Czech technocrat coalition government also lost a no confidence vote.
The new Czech national technocrat government lost a no confidence vote.
The Czech national technocrat government lost a parliamentary no confidence vote.
The Czech national technocrat government also lost a no confidence vote.
A woman was also killed hours later in a motorcycle crash.
A woman passenger was also killed, in a motorcycle crash.
A young woman who was killed, in a motorcycle crash.
A woman was killed hours later in a fatal motorcycle crash.
A woman and a passenger was killed in a motorcycle crash.
Hockey rock - star star Darren James McCarty has released his first novel.
Hockey rock star, Darren James McCarty, has released his first novel.
Hockey rock - star Darren McCarty has released online his very first novel.
Hockey and rock star Darren McCarty has released his own eponymous first novel.
Hockey rock - star star Darren McCarty, has released his first novel.
Group KBC will also therefore not exit Hungary.
Group KBC will also therefore not exit Hungary.
Group KBC will also not immediately exit Hungary.
Group KBC1 will therefore not exit Hungary.
Group - B KBC will not exit Hungary.
Bags of heroin, labelled as Obamacare, were seized.
Bags full of heroin and labelled as Obamacare were seized.
Bags of the heroin labelled as Obamacare drugs were seized.
Bags of the heroin, labelled as Obamacare were seized.
Bags fulled of heroin and labelled Obamacare were seized.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel now is considering creating a new grocery store management task - force as Dominick now gets ready to leave the Chicago market.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel is considering officially creating a grocery - store task force, just just as Dominick gets ready to leave the Chicago market.
Mayor Rahmon Emanuel now is creating himself a grocery store task force just as Dominick gets ready to officially leave for the Chicago market.
Mayor Emanuel Rahm Emanuel, is creating a new national grocery - store reform task force as Dominick gets ready to leave the Chicago market.
Mayor Rahmon - Emanuel is creating a grocery store security and task - force force as Dominick gets ready to leave the Chicago market.
Russia alone will use our influence to bring peace talks back to Ukraine.
Russia alone will use our political influence to help bring peace to Ukraine.
Russia will use our influence to bring the peace talks back to Ukraine.
Russia alone will not use our influence here to bring peace to Ukraine.
Russia will use our influence to help Ukraine to bring peace to Ukraine.
Turkey scrambled eight fighter jets attempting to successfully successfully intercept a Russian aircraft.
Turkey was scrambled with its eight fighter jets to intercept a Russian aircraft.
Turkey had scrambled eight fighter fighter - jets to intercept a Russian aircraft.
Turkey scrambled eight Turkish fighter jets attempting to intercept from a Russian aircraft.
Turkey had scrambled eight fighter - bomber jets to intercept a Russian aircraft.
Justin Bieberman has also recently been charged in Toronto with assault.
Justin Bieberman has been also charged in Toronto Police with assault.
Justin Bieberman has been charged in the downtown Toronto with assault.
Justine Bieber has been also charged while in Toronto with assault.
Justin Bieber has also been charged while in Toronto, with assault.
VIVA has signed an agreement - agreement agreement with Twitter.
VIVA has also signed to an agreement working with Twitter.
VIVA has also signed an agreement sharing agreement with Twitter.
VIVA has also recently signed an agreement agreement with Twitter.
VIVA has signed an exclusive publishing agreement, with Twitter.
Nearly 30 new forest fires sparked in the nearby northern Boise National Forest.
Nearly 30 new fires, were sparked in in the Boise National Forest.
Nearly another $ 30 new forest fires sparked in the Boise National Forest.
Nearly another 30 new fires sparked fires in the Boise River National Forest.
Nearly 30 - million new fires sparked fires in the Boise National Forest.
The Austin Texas Toros lost in Rancho de Santa Cruz.
The 2010 Austin Toros also lost games in Santa Cruz.
The Austin Texas - Toros also lost in Santa Cruz.
The 2010 Austin Toros team lost in Rancho Santa Cruz.
The 2010 Austin Texas Toros lost in UC Santa Cruz.
The Xbox 360 has twice as many multiplayer and online game players available as the PlayStation 3.
The original Xbox 360 has twice as many active online players as the original Sony PlayStation 3.
The Xbox 360 has about twice or twice twice as many online players as the PlayStation 3.
The Xbox Live 360 has twice twice as many paid online players as the original PlayStation 3.
The new Xbox Live 360 has twice as many active online players as the original PlayStation 3.
Pete Seeger who co co - wrote it - and died at age 94.
Pete Pete Seeger who co - wrote it co - died at age 94.
Pete Pete Seeger who he also co - wrote - died at age 94.
Pete Seeger who co - - wrote - died - at the age 94.
Pete Seeger who co - - wrote - - died at the age 94.
Automated Binary Traffic Signals is.
Automated and Binary Signals is.
Auto Binary Number of Signals is.
Automated and Binary Signals is.
Automated and Binary Signals is.
Irrationality Games has said it will close.
Irrationality Games said that it will close.
Irrational Games has said it never will close.
Irrational Games said later that it will close.
Irrational Games said that it never will close.
Former Indian and Bharatiya Janata Party president Bangarul Laxman died.
Former Bharatiya Janata Party Party vice president, Bangaru Laxman died.
Former Bharatiya Janata Party Bihar state president, Bangaru Laxman died.
Former Bharatiya Bharatiya Hindu Janata Party Party president Bangaru Laxman died.
Former Bharatiya Janata Party president, Bangarum Chandra Laxman died.
Foreign pilots are also being told to not use the flying instruments they land at SFO.
Foreign pilots who are also being told to use the instruments they can land at SFO.
Foreign pilots are being told not to use any instruments they can land safely at SFO.
Foreigner pilots are also being constantly told not to use instruments they land at SFO.
Foreign pilots are also often being told not to use instruments when they land at SFO.
Jamall Crawford could have scored just over 50 points.
Jamall - Crawford could have scored over 50 points.
Jamal Crawford could not possibly have scored over 50 points.
Jamall Crawford could not have scored over 50 points.
Jamal Crawford could also only have ever scored 50 points.
The former Lakeland Central School District post office is closed Thursday.
The Lakeland Central School District Board District 1 is closed Thursday.
The Lakeland Central School District building, is now closed Thursday.
The Lakeland - Central School Board District is now closed Thursday.
The former Lakeland Central Texas Independent School District is closed Thursday.
Voters, who cannot register without first proving their citizenship will get a second separate ballot on the Election Day.
Voters who register without proving their citizenship will get placed into a separate electronic ballot box installed on Election Day.
Voters who cannot register voters without proving their citizenship will get on a separate ballot - box on Election Day.
Voters who register without proving to their own citizenship will get a completely new separate postal ballot on Election Day.
Voters who cannot legally register without proving that their citizenship status will get a separate postal ballot on Election Day.
Mayo Clinic's complete elimination of transcription jobs - - hiring and then outsourcing them - is disturbing.
Mayo Clinic's elimination of all the transcription jobs - and outsourcing to them all - is disturbing.
Mayo Clinic's elimination of transcription jobs - - it and its outsourcing to them - is disturbing.
Mayo Clinic's systematic eliminations of transcriptional jobs - hiring and outsourcing them - is disturbing.
Mayo Clinic's elimination of the transcription jobs - - and even outsourcing to them - is disturbing.
The Windows 8. 1 API / RTM build was downloaded over 2 hundred million times daily in just 24 hours.
The Microsoft Windows 8. 1 RTML build was being downloaded over 2 million times in just just 24 hours.
The Windows 8. 1 RTM build source code was downloaded over 2 hundred million times daily in just 24 hours.
The Microsoft Windows 8. 1 RTML build was being downloaded over well over 2 million times in 24 hours.
The Windows 8. 1 RTM build was downloaded by over a 2 million million times over in just 24 hours.
Tesco is also considering bringing its F & F branded clothing business to the US.
Tesco is also bringing its own F & F branded clothing business to the US.
Tesco is bringing back its F & T & F clothing business to the US.
Tesco Group is bringing its own FD & F clothing business to the US.
Tesco is bringing back its F & F branded clothing manufacturing business to the US.
The US Dollar $ 500 and the US SPX 500 prices are shown following through on bullish technical signals.
The US - Dollar 500, and later the SPX 500 are shown following through on bullish technical signals.
The US US Dollar Dollar Dollar and the SPX - 5000 are following through on bullish technical signals.
The US Dollar and the US SPX 500 are following through on almost all the bullish and technical signals.
The US Dollar, and later the SPX - 500 are following through on the bullish and technical signals.
Neetu Chandran has never made such a shocking confession.
Neetu Chandran has made such a very shocking confession.
Neetul Chandra has made even such a shocking confession.
Neetu Chandran has also made such a shocking confession.
Neetu Chandran, has made a very shocking confession.
Former FC FC Barcelona head coach, Tito Vilanova died.
Former FC Barcelona coach Titos Pérez de Vilanova died.
Former former FC Barcelona head coach, Tito Vilanova died.
Former Barcelona FC FC Barcelona head coach Tito Vilanova died.
Former FC Barcelona Barcelona coach Titos de Vilanova died.
Boulder County will conduct tests ahead of their emergency - vehicle warning and siren system Monday.
Boulder County will conduct tests of their emergency early - warning siren warning warning system Monday.
Boulder City Boulder County will conduct tests of their emergency vehicle warning and siren system Monday.
Boulder County will also conduct field tests of how their own emergency warning siren system Monday.
Boulder County will also help conduct tests of their emergency warning and siren warning system Monday.
The Warriors have acquired veteran power forward Jordan Crawford from the Boston Celtics.
The Road Warriors have acquired Jordan Crawford from joining the expansion Boston Celtics.
The Warriors have also acquired Jordan Crawford, from joining the Boston Celtics.
The Warriors have recently also also acquired Jordan Crawford from the Boston Celtics.
The Warriors would have also acquired Jordan and Crawford from the Boston Celtics.
We are Dead : The Walking - Dead is being tentatively renewed for a fifth season.
We are still here : " The Walking - Dead is renewed for a fifth season.
We are Dead : The Man from Walking Dead is renewed for only a fifth season.
We are : The Kids Walking - Dead is renewed again for only a fifth season.
We are : The Man the Walking Dead is currently being renewed for a fifth season.
Calgary Transit is currently buying 150 brand - new buses.
Calgary Metro City Transit is currently buying 150 new buses.
Calgary City Transit is currently considering buying 150 new buses.
Calgary Transit Authority is currently considering buying 150 new buses.
Calgary Transit is currently considering buying over 150 new buses.
Christian Grey - casting The rumors are running.
Christian Grey casting The rumors that are running.
Christian Grey casting rumors, that are running.
Christian and Grey casting rumors they are running.
Christian Anastasia Grey casting The rumors are running.
Windstream Holdings Corp., has since formed a holding company.
Windstream Holdings Corp. has been formed as a holding company.
Windstream Holdings, Corp. has since formed a holding company.
Windstream Corp., has formed as a new holding company.
Windstream Holdings Corp. has since formed as a holding company.
Who else has? THE EDGE.
Who has ever written THE EDGE.
Who has ever written THE EDGE.
Who else has? THE EDGE.
Who has ever written THE EDGE.
The Royals then claimed pitcher Jimmy Ray Paredes off waivers from the Orioles.
The Royals then claimed Jimmy Paredes off waivers from just behind the Orioles.
The Cincinnati Royals claimed Jimmy Paredes, off of waivers from the Orioles.
The Royals claimed Jimmy Paredes, claimed off waivers, from the Orioles.
The Royals claimed pitcher Jimmy Paredes off waivers, also from the Orioles.
The Ole Miss Rebels could use Marshall, and even bring Henderson back, but that they will have to have by around the time SEC football play begins.
The new Ole Miss Rebels could use the Marshall Henderson back, but they will still have to have used it by around the time the SEC play begins.
The Ole Miss Rebels also could easily use Marshall Henderson back, but they still will have nothing to have by the same time the SEC football play begins.
The Ole Miss Rebels could " use Marshall and Henderson back, " but then they all really will have to have by the time the SEC play begins.
The Ole - Miss Rebels could use a Marshall Henderson back, " but they will have nothing to have by the same time the SEC football play begins.
Jennifer Aniston, also is considering her becoming a buddhist.
Jennifer Aniston is now also seriously considering becoming a buddhist.
Jennifer Aniston also is considering considering her becoming a buddhist.
Jennifer Aniston also is considering her career becoming a buddhist.
Jennifer Aniston also is considering her becoming more a buddhist.
Nuclear talks always ended up ending on an upbeat note.
Nuclear talks have ended on to an overall upbeat note.
Nuclear power development talks ended on to an upbeat note.
Nuclear power nuclear talks ended on such an upbeat note.
Nuclear talks usually ended up ending on an upbeat note.
WICHITA, vacant Victorian house caught on a fire in Oaklawn.
WICHITA, when a vacant Victorian house caught fire in Oaklawn.
WICHITA, vacant Victorian house caught up on fire in Oaklawn.
WICHITA, a vacant Victorian house caught on fire in Oaklawn.
WICHITA, vacant house caught on a house fire in Oaklawn.
SIMON, Coveneys has told farmers.
SIMON, Coveney has always told farmers.
SIMON, Coveney has always told farmers.
SIMON Coveneys has been told farmers.
SIMON, Coveney has always told farmers.
Bodega and Taco Bar will host La Gran Dia de Los Muertos.
Bodega Beach and Taco Bar will host Dia Cruz de Los Muertos.
Bodega Taco Bar will also also host Dia de los Los Muertos.
Bodega and Taco Bar will host Dia Nacional de los Los Muertos.
Bodega Taco Bar will host Dia at Universidad Nacional de Los Muertos.
The union vice president signed on an executive order hiking the minimum wage.
The union president signed an executive executive order hiking up the minimum wage.
The president signed an executive branch order against hiking the national minimum wage.
The new president signed on an executive order hiking the national minimum wage.
The new president signed an executive order protesting against hiking the minimum wage.
Palo Alto Cable Networks ®, today, announced a agreement, not to acquire Cyvera.
Palo Alto Cable Networks ®, as today, announced a definitive agreement to acquire Cyvera.
Palo Alto Networks ®, has just today announced a agreement to later also acquire Cyvera.
Palo Alto Cable Networks, ®, has just today announced a agreement to acquire Cyvera.
Palo Alto Cable Networks, ®, today announced, a agreement to also acquire Cyvera.
A alligator found under half of an escalator ramp at Chicago's O'Hare Midway International Airport has left.
A alligator found dead, under an escalator at Chicago's O'Hare Midway International Airport, has left.
A large alligator animal found hanging under an escalator at Chicago's O'Hare International International Airport has left.
A alligator found that just under half an escalator ramp at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport has left.
A alligator body found under an escalator at the Chicago's Chicago O'Hare Midway International Airport has left.
An illegal immigrant is after school being accused of a sexually abusing special - needs education student.
An alleged illegal immigrant is after school being accused of sexually abusing a special - education student.
An illegal immigrant is after school after being falsely accused of a sexually abusing special education student.
An illegal illegal illegal immigrant is after being accused of a sexually sexually abusing special education student.
An illegal immigrant is arrested after being found falsely falsely accused of sexually abusing special education student.
SBI and HDFC have also cut their home loan rates.
SBI and the HDFC also cut home - loan rates.
SBI and HDFC also also cut their home loan rates.
SBI and the HDFC cut down the home loan rates.
SBI Bank and HDFC cut their home - loan rates.
Missouri quarterback James - Earl Franklin will miss 3 - 5 weeks, after previously suffering a serious shoulder injury.
Missouri quarterback James Franklin will miss only 3½ - 5½ - weeks after suffering from a shoulder injury.
Missouri quarterback James Earl Franklin will likely also miss 3½ - 5 weeks, after suffering a shoulder injury.
Missouri quarterback, James Franklin will miss 3½ - to 5 weeks, after suffering from a shoulder injury.
Missouri State quarterback James Franklin will miss games only 3 - 5 weeks after after initially suffering a shoulder injury.
VIVOTEK announced the launch of a new series consisting of speedy - domed network cameras.
VIVOTEK announced with the launch of a brand - new series consisting of speed dome network cameras.
VIVOTEK announced 2015 with the launch of a new digital series of high speed dome network cameras.
VIVOTEK announced that the launch of such was a new series of speed domed network cameras.
VIVOTEK announced with it the launch of a new series consisting mainly of speed dome network cameras.
Washington DC Washington County jury has since sentenced such a man to 725 years imprisonment for child sex charges.
Washington County grand jury has sentenced a man previously sentenced to 725 prison years for child - sex charges.
Washington County grand grand grand - jury has sentenced half a man to 725 years for child sex charges.
Washington County jury has sentenced a man to serve just over 725 years for the federal child sex charges.
Washington DC County jury trial has sentenced a man to each serve 725 years for child - sex charges.
The Skyline Blues are taking, and calling in Ihaia - West to replace Baden Kerr.
The Blues players are taking, and calling in, Ihaia - West to replace Baden Kerr.
The Blues are taking, and are calling in, Ihaia West to replace, Baden Kerr.
The Blues are taking, calling out in from the Ihaia West to help replace Baden Kerr.
The Blues are taking, winning and are calling in Ihaia West to replace injured Baden Kerr.
Leo Messiaen returned him to action.
Leo Messiaen returned him to action.
Leo Messiaen returned him to action.
Leo and Messiaen returned to action.
Leo Messi returned him back to action.
Gia Linh Travel Bureau has introduced also the first 9 - days travel package to Vietnam.
Gia Linh Travel has introduced the 9 - days long international travel travel package to Vietnam.
Gia Linh Travel has recently also introduced the 9 days travel time package package to Vietnam.
Gia Linh International Travel has also introduced the first 9 days long travel package to Vietnam.
Gia Long Linh Travel has recently also introduced the 9 days travel time package to Vietnam.
Police patrol vehicles will also have GPS.
Police vehicles will also also have GPS.
Police vehicles also will also have GPS.
Police patrol vehicles will also have GPS.
Police patrol vehicles will also have GPS.
A Little Country Club Called Rhonda.
A New Clubgirl Called Rhonda.
A Little Country Club Called Rhonda.
A Clubgirl, Called Rhonda.
A Clubgirl, Called Rhonda.
Karla Rovel says Vladimir Putin is, too and likens him to the gangster, Tony Soprano, but not without charm.
Karl Rove says Vladimir Putin is, and likens him to the gangster, the actor Tony Orlando Soprano, but not without charm.
Karla Rove says Vladimir Putin " is, and often likens to, the gangster, Tony Soprano, " but without charm.
Karl Rovel says Vladimir Putin is, and likens to the gangster, Tony the Great Soprano, but is not without charm.
Karl Rove says Vladimir Putin is, and likens to, the gangster, the famous actor, Tony Soprano, but without charm.
Toll in to the Chhapra mid - day meal, the tragedy rose to number 23 with the death.
Toll in to the Chhapra mid - - day meal tragedy rose to number 23 with only the death.
Toll in the Chhapra mid - day - evening meal tragedy rose to 23 with not only the death.
Toll in the Chhapra mid - day meal, tragedy rose to day 23 with not only the death.
Toll in the daily Chhapra mid - day meal tragedy rose to about 23 % along with the death.
Tata General Motors has launched 10 new trucks coming in across their range.
Tata Motors Limited has also launched 10 new trucks in across their range.
Tata Motors has launched 10 new trucks coming in 2018 across their range.
Tata Motors Private Limited has also launched 10 new trucks in their range.
Tata General Motors has launched over a 10 new trucks in their range.
A Metro PCS employee was robbed at, almost a gunpoint, at 7 : 00 am in Hempstead.
A Metro PCS Company employee was also also allegedly robbed at gunpoint, at 7 : 00 in Hempstead.
A Metro PCS Manufacturing Company employee was robbed at gunpoint, reportedly at around 7 : 00 in Hempstead.
A former Harlem Metro PCS employee was robbed at gunpoint, at approximately 7 : : 00 in Hempstead.
A Metro PCS employee was robbed of twice at gunpoint, reportedly at 7 : 00 00 in Hempstead.
Chesterfield Chesterfield County elementary high school was evacuated, after smoke was reported.
Chesterfield County Schools public elementary high school was evacuated after smoke was reported.
Chesterfield County elementary school was evacuated, after smoke damage damage was reported.
Chesterfield Chesterfield County public elementary school was also evacuated after smoke was reported.
Chesterfield Chesterfield County elementary school and district was evacuated after smoke was reported.
The local election control tribunals have failed to dispose themselves of the petitions.
The election commission tribunals however, have failed to dispose of the petitions.
The election tribunals however have failed yet to fully dispose of the petitions.
The local election tribunals have failed yet to dispose themselves of the petitions.
The election tribunals have also also reportedly failed to dispose of the petitions.
Lebanon's Cabinet also postponed a deliberation in session on its policy statement.
Lebanon's Cabinet postponed holding a deliberation session on its foreign policy statement.
Lebanon's new First Deputy Cabinet postponed a deliberation on its policy statement.
Lebanon's Cabinet postponed a moment further deliberation on implementing its policy statement.
Lebanon's First Cabinet postponed a further further deliberation on its policy statement.
Rainfall generally continues through the day.
Rainfall continues through throughout the day.
Rainfall generally continues through the day.
Rainfall generally continues through the day.
Rainfall continues through throughout the day.
The Tigers put on pads, not touching for the first time.
The Detroit Tigers put on pads, for only the first time.
The Tigers put players back on pads for almost the first time.
The Detroit Tigers were put on pads for the very first time.
The Tigers put him on the pads for the very first time.
A taxi driver who has been charged with felony DUI, after a pregnant St. George woman was allegedly accidentally killed in a wreck.
A driver who has sometimes also been falsely charged with felony or DUI after driving a St. George woman was killed in a wreck.
A female driver, who has been charged with felony DUI after a St. George - County woman driver was killed in a wreck.
A drunk driver who has also been repeatedly charged with felony DUI occurred after a St. George woman was killed while in a wreck.
A driver, who died has been charged with felony DUI after a pregnant St. George woman who was also killed in a wreck.
Bitcoin prices rallied far above the $ 700 level, even as the commodity prices continued to rebound.
Bitcoin prices rallied well above the $ 700 level, as commodity prices continued going on to rebound.
Bitcoin prices rallied far above the US $ 700 level, even as prices continued on to rebound.
Bitcoin prices rallied to well above the US $ 700 level, as prices still continued to rebound.
Bitcoin stock prices rallied well above the $ 700 level, as prices continued on, to rebound.
There's no way up here or down here in space.
There's no up elevator, or down elevator in space.
There's no up or no other way down in space.
There's no way up here or down anywhere in space.
There's no other way up or down anywhere in space.
Tobago is considered more likely to be part of an active coral reef early warning system.
Tobagon Island is to be a key part of an coral reef early warning system.
Tobago is considered to be part of such an international coral reef early - warning system.
Tobago is considered to be part one country of an international coral reef early warning system.
Tobago is considered to be part of an coral reef and flood early - warning system.
Protesters also clashed violently with police in downtown Mexico City.
Protesters also clashed very violently with police in Mexico City.
Protesters also reportedly clashed with police officers in Mexico City.
Protesters also clashed with the riot police in Mexico City.
Protesters clashed with local police officers stationed in Mexico City.
David Flitcroft, who has said Bury was threw away.
David John Flitcroft, has said Bury was threw away.
David Flitcroft, who has said Bury was threw away.
David Flitcroft has also said something that Bury threw away.
David John Flitcroft has also said Bury was threw away.
Fidel Castro himself has also appeared in public publicly for the very first time in nine months.
Fidel Castro has appeared publicly in public for perhaps the very first ever time in nine months.
Fidel Castro de Castro has appeared in public for the first - ever time in nine months.
Fidel Castro has appeared in with the public for the very first ever time in nine months.
Fidel Castro has also appeared in public for the first time, and again in nine months.
Edgard and Davids did only look good for Barnet.
Edgar Davids had did only good things, for Barnet.
Edgar Davids did only the good things, for Barnet.
Edgar Davids did not the man only good for Barnet.
Edgard Davids did only look good enough for Barnet.
A hospital missed two repeated chances, failing to save a pregnant pregnant woman's life.
A hospital missed two repeated chances, failing to save a pregnant pregnant woman's life.
A hospital missed its first three repeated chances to help save a pregnant woman's life.
A hospitalized employee missed three repeated chances to save a pregnant pregnant woman's life.
A hospital missed two repeated chances, to help save a young pregnant woman's life.
Manchester Motor City United would have decided to sack David Moyes.
Manchester City United fans have also decided to sack David Moyes.
Manchester United have also decided not yet to sack David Moyes.
Manchester United would not otherwise have decided to sack David Moyes.
Manchester City United have decided to sack former manager David Moyes.
The US Forest Service plans a " very massive, prescribed burn.
The local, volunteer US Forest Service plans a massive prescribed burn.
The US Forests Service Forest Service plans a massive prescribed burn.
The local volunteer US Army Forest Service plans a massive prescribed burn.
The US Forest Service plans a possible second, massive prescribed burn.
Amazon has unveiled an optionally upgraded Amazon Kindle tablet.
Amazon has unveiled also an optional upgraded Amazon Kindle tablet.
Amazon has unveiled an ever upgraded Amazon Amazon Kindle tablet.
Amazon Prime Amazon has unveiled an optional upgraded Kindle tablet.
Amazon has been unveiled and also an upgraded Kindle tablet.
The British BBC has a vested interest in issues fighting mass immigration.
The BBC also, now has a vested interest in mass immigration.
The BBC also has taken a vested political interest in mass immigration.
The BBC also has a very vested interest particularly in mass immigration.
The BBC has taken a vested political interest particularly in mass immigration.
The Central Arkansas Regional Performing Arts Center, announces a call for entries.
The Arkansas Performing Arts Center, in Arkansas announces a call for entries.
The Arkansas Arts Education Resource Center Center, announces a call for entries.
The Arkansas Arts Center, announces a new roll call date for entries.
The Arkansas Arts Education and Resource Center, announces a call for entries.
JSW Steel Ltd., has also recently also acquired stake in Vallabh Tinplate Pvt. Ltd.
JSW Steel Ltd. has acquired a stake in both the Vallabh and Tinplate Pvt. Ltd.
JSW Steel Ltd. has acquired a majority stakeholding in the Vallabh Tinplate Pvt. Ltd.
JSW Steel Ltd. has acquired stakeholding in Vallabh Steel Tinplates Limited Pvt. Ltd.
JSW Steel Ltd., which has acquired stake in the Vallabh Steel Tinplate Pvt. Ltd.
George, Washington, finally, will get, as a new presidential library is christened.
George Washington I finally will finally get, as a brand new presidential library is christened.
George, Washington finally will get, as such a new presidential library, is christened.
George Washington Washington I finally think will get, as a new presidential library is christened.
George Washington, finally, will get, as a new presidential library, is christened.
Virtualisation can build, and help, the Indian firms save, a reported $ 3. 89 billion annually by 2020.
Virtualisations technology can help build, and help Indian firms save, a reported $ 3. 89 billion by 2020.
Virtualisations can build, and help, Indian firms to save a $ 3. 5 895 billion by 2020.
Virtualisation can build, and help, Indian firms, and save a $ US 3. 89 billion budget by 2020.
Virtualisation can help build, help manage and help Indian IT firms save a $ 3. 895 billion by 2020.
Zane Benefits, the Online Health Insurance Benefits Solution, published new online case information on law firms adopting new online individual insurance.
Zane Benefits, formerly the National Online National Health and Insurance Benefits Solution, published new information on law firms adopting individual insurance.
Zane Benefits, the Online Health Benefits Insurance Solution, published new information on US healthcare law firms not adopting their individual insurance.
Zane Benefits, the Online Health Benefits Solution, published the new information focused on law firms adopting new online and individual insurance.
Zane Benefits, formerly called the Online Health Benefits and Insurance Solution, published some new information on law firms adopting individual insurance.
A suspected FedEx courier was fired one shot in the East Oakland neighborhood.
A FedEx Express courier officer was given one shot in the Oakland neighborhood.
A FedEx courier was one shot in in the East West Oakland neighborhood.
A FedEx courier was a local one - shot in the Oakland neighborhood.
A FedEx Express mail order courier was one shot in the Oakland neighborhood.
Abbas Zafar's Gundayar Khan will pay tribute to actor Yash Chopra.
Abbasi and Zafar's Gunday will pay a tribute to Yash Chopra.
Abbas Zafar's Gunday will pay a tribute to actor, Yash Chopra.
Abbasi Zafar's Gunday will also pay a tribute to Yash Chopra.
Abbas Zafar's film, Gundaya will pay tribute to Yash Chopra.
The ringgit slipped against half that of the US dollar.
The ringgit had slipped down against the last US dollar.
The last ringgit slipped down against the last US dollar.
The ringgit slipped against under the reddened US dollar.
The ringgit slipped down against just the red US dollar.
Hopswell and Grainger opened their brand new tap room.
Hops and the Grain opened their brand new main tap room.
Hops and Grain opened - up their brand new tap room.
Hops, and the Grain opened their new main tap room.
Hopswell and Grain opened their new main floor tap room.
Evansville faces two decades worth of budget cuts.
Evansville currently faces faces worth of budget cuts.
Evansville faces worth millions of federal budget cuts.
Evansville currently faces decades worth of budget cuts.
Evansville faces decades worth of of budget cuts.
Obama will also appear on, The Tonight Show, on Tuesday.
Obama will later also appear on the The Tonight Show on Tuesday.
Obamacare coverage will appear on The NBC Tonight Show on Tuesday.
Obamacare will appear on The Tonight Show, airing on Tuesday.
Obama will also appear on The Tonight Tonight Tonight Show on Tuesday.
FITCH has also appointed him as its associate strategy director.
FITCH has been appointed as an associate national strategy director.
FITCH has been appointed as associate and senior strategy director.
FITCH has been recently appointed as an associate strategy director.
FITCH has also been appointed as an associate strategy director.
Barack Obama also recently has reappointed Neil Abercrombie, III to the Council of Governors.
Barack - Obama Obama has reappointed Neil Abercrombie to the chair the Council of Governors.
Barack Obama presidential administration has since reappointed Neil Abercrombie back to the Council of Governors.
Barack Obama has since reappointed Neil Abercrombie back up front to the Council of Governors.
Barack Obama has reappointed Neil Abercrombie to the Council and the Boards of Governors.
The emergency funds payday loans no credit cards or check fees.
The emergency payment is payday loans no - credit check fees.
The emergency payday loan program loans no additional credit check fees.
The new emergency payday loans no charged credit and check fees.
The brand new emergency payday loans no credit or check fees.
A second World World War II bomb also exploded, killing the driver.
A World World War II bomb also exploded, killing only the driver.
A second World War I - II bomb exploded, killing the driver.
A World War World War II bomb exploded, killing only the driver.
A World War II car bomb also exploded, apparently killing the driver.
Japan Airlines has been announced carrying on a schedule of flights to Fairbanks.
Japan Airlines has announced that a schedule change ahead of flights to Fairbanks.
Japan Airlines has also announced a schedule of flights daily daily to Fairbanks.
Japan Airlines also recently has announced a new schedule of flights to Fairbanks.
Japan Pacific Airlines has announced that a schedule change of flights to Fairbanks.
A local liquor shop salesman, was also shot dead.
A liquor repair - shop salesman, was shot dead.
A liquor - shop salesman, he was shot dead.
A liquor shop - salesman, he was shot dead.
A liquor - shop - salesman was also shot dead.
A young St. Cloud County woman was also arrested after prostituting her three young teenage daughters.
A young white St. Cloud woman was arrested, shortly after prostituting her three teenage daughters.
A St. Cloud Cloud County woman was also arrested after prostituting her with three teenage daughters.
A young St. Cloud woman was arrested, allegedly after allegedly prostituting her three teenage daughters.
A St. Cloud County woman was arrested after allegedly prostituting herself for her three teenage daughters.
The Syrian Arab Army has made more than significant gains in its own fight against militants.
The Syrian Army itself has also made more gains in continuing its ongoing fight against militants.
The Syrian Free Syrian Army also has made more gains in its own fight against militants.
The Syrian Army has made more gains in Syria strengthening its own to fight against militants.
The Free Syrian Army also has made more gains in its own fight and against militants.
Stamford will celebrate its Italian American heritage annually during hosting the Columbus Memorial Day parade.
Stamford will also celebrate its Italian - American heritage, during the Columbus Day parade.
Stamford Park will celebrate its Italian heritage annually during the Columbus Day Memorial Day parade.
Stamford will also also celebrate its rich Italian heritage during the Columbus'Day parade.
Stamford will also celebrate its rich Italian American heritage during the Columbus Memorial Day parade.
The White House administration has also unveiled plans to crack them down on college sexual assault Tufts State University has refused them to comply.
The White House also has recently unveiled plans to crack downs on the college sexual - assault Tufts University refused them to comply.
The White House also has unveiled its plans : to crack America down on the college sexual assault Tufts University refused and to comply.
The White House also, has unveiled plans to further crack downs based on the college sexual assault Tufts University refused to comply.
The White Chi - House has unveiled its plans to begin crack - down on college student sexual assault Tufts University refused to comply.
Aurora Communications has been completed with the acquisition of NTS.
Aurora has completed this process with the acquisition of NTS.
Aurora has since completed with the pending acquisition of NTS.
Aurora has completed the acquisition pending acquisition plans of NTS.
Aurora Communications has successfully completed the acquisition process of NTS.
An womanizer who has died dies in a fire at her Des Des Moines home.
An woman has recently died in a fire incident at near her downtown Des Moines home.
An woman who has recently died died in a fire at her Des Des Moines home.
An woman has died in a fire at her small suburban Des West Des Moines home.
An woman who has died in a house fire at near her downtown Des Moines home.
Dharmendra Singh has asked Hrithik Sharma to take take and to be careful.
Dharmendran has asked for Hrithik to take care and to be careful.
Dharmendra has asked Hrithik to take care and he says to be careful.
Dharmendra has also asked Hrithik to double take and says to be careful.
Dharmendran Singh has asked for Hrithik to take and to be careful.
Louisiana ranks very very low on a new job opportunity index.
Louisiana Tech ranks itself very low on a new opportunity index.
Louisiana ranks low on a new generation of job opportunity index.
Louisiana ranks low on even such a large new opportunity index.
Louisiana ranks low on a national median income new opportunity index.
The family member of Kendrick and Johnson is fighting hard to see video.
The family of Kendrick Johnson, who is fighting hard to see video.
The family of actor Kendrick Johnson, is still fighting to see video.
The extended family of Kendrick and Johnson, is fighting to see video.
The entire extended family of Kendrick Johnson, is fighting to see video.
Oklahoma City Thunder point guard, Russell said Westbrook could return to home court in two weeks.
Oklahoma Oklahoma Oklahoma City Thunder Thunder point guard, Russell, Westbrook could return in two weeks.
Oklahoma Oklahoma City Thunder point guard, Russell, Westbrook could not even return in two weeks.
Oklahoma Oklahoma City Thunder point guard, Russell, Westbrook, could return in just two weeks.
Oklahoma City Thunder point guard, forward Russell and Westbrook could all return in just two weeks.
25 Sri Lankan Navy fishermen, have been recently arrested, mostly on charges, of trespass in Indian waters.
25 Sri Lankan fishermen have been arrested, allegedly on false charges of trespass, in South West Indian waters.
25, Sri Lankan fishermen, have been arrested, on charges, of illegal trespass in the Indian waters.
25 Sri Lankan Tamil fishermen have been more recently also arrested, on charges of trespass in South Indian waters.
25 other Sri Lankan fishermen have been recently been arrested, on criminal charges, of trespass in Indian waters.
A civil engineering engineer was shot dead allegedly allegedly over illicit affair.
A engineer driver was shot dead allegedly overcoming an illicit affair.
A engineer was shot and later pronounced dead allegedly over illicit affair.
A local civil engineering engineer was shot dead allegedly over illicit affair.
A engineer was shot dead, allegedly over such an illicit affair.
Tinie sympathises with stars, such as as as Miley Cyrus.
Tiniez also sympathises with pop stars such as Miley Cyrus.
Tinie also sympathises with stars such as as singer Miley Cyrus.
Tinie sympathises with stars such as as pop singer Miley Cyrus.
Tinie also sympathises heavily with stars, such as Miley Cyrus.
Umar knew Gul was not ready to return.
Umar Gulzar was readying to return.
Umar said Gulzar was ready to return.
Umar knew Gulshan was ready to return.
Umar ibn Gul was not ready to return.
Offices will also be temporarily closed for all the holidays.
Offices will be also temporarily temporarily closed for the holidays.
Offices will be closed - down except for the holidays.
Offices will also not be closed down for the holidays.
Offices will now also be temporarily closed for the holidays.
Hundreds of dance teachers are being falsely falsely falsely accused of dancing with strippers at an retreat.
Hundreds of teachers are also being accused of dancing around campus with male strippers at an retreat.
Hundreds of teachers there are also reported being accused of nude dancing with strippers at an retreat.
Hundreds of teachers there are also being accused of nude dancing along with strippers at an retreat.
Hundreds of teachers there are being falsely accused, of dancing with male strippers at an retreat.
PA Consulting Group has also launched its second annual national Raspberry Pi Pi Pi computer programming challenge.
PA Consulting Group has launched as its the second national annual Raspberry Pi Challenge computer programming challenge.
PA Consulting Group has also launched its second annual, national Raspberry Pi Pi computer programming challenge.
PAC Consulting Group, has launched its second national Raspberry Pi Beta Pi computer programming challenge.
PA Consulting Group has launched its second national Blue Raspberry Pi Beta Pi computer - programming challenge.
Curti Schilling has also been recently diagnosed with cancer.
Curt Schillingman has been recently diagnosed again with cancer.
Curti Schilling has recently also been diagnosed with cancer.
Curt Schilling has also been diagnosed only twice with cancer.
Curti Schillingi has also been diagnosed with cancer.
Olympian Federal Savings is set to officially begin work almost immediately on opening a new branch in Yelm.
Olympia Federal Savings is also set to also begin work on a new downtown bank branch building in Yelm.
Olympia Federal National Federal Savings is set to begin work on opening a new branch post office in Yelm.
Olympian Federal Savings is also set to begin work on building a new bank branch building in Yelm.
Olympia Federal Savings is also set to also begin work on a brand new branch building located in Yelm.
Rob Corddry, who is now coming to Trophy Wife.
Rob Corddry who is coming back to play Trophy Wife.
Rob Corddry is coming to help help play Trophy Wife.
Rob Corddry is coming right back to play Trophy Wife.
Rob Corddry, who is now coming to Trophy Wife.
Marouane and Fellaini will return to training next week after having just had the original cast removed.
Marouane Fellaini will return to training the next week, after previously having the main cast removed.
Marouane Fellaini will also not return back to training next week after having had the cast removed.
Marouane Fellaini, will return to training next week after having had the main voice cast removed.
Marouane Fellaini, will return to the training next week after having already had the cast removed.
A Marana woman is accused of sexual sexual assault or sexual misconduct with a minor.
A young Marana woman who is accused repeatedly of sexual misconduct with just a minor.
A pregnant Marana woman who is accused twice of sexual sexual misconduct with a minor.
A Marana woman who is falsely falsely accused of sexual sexual misconduct with a minor.
A Marana woman is falsely accused twice of sexual sexual sexual misconduct with a minor.
The health ministry also is planning to completely ban all of the manufacture and sale of of oxytocin by injection for veterinary use.
The Russian state health ministry is planning to ban the manufacture and ban the sale of the oxytocin injections for veterinary use.
The health ministry is planning also to ban the manufacture of and sale of all of the oxytocin injections for veterinary use.
The state health service ministry is also planning to ban the manufacture and sale of of oxytocin by lethal injection for veterinary use.
The health health - services ministry also is planning to ban the manufacture and sale of of oxytocin injections for veterinary use.
The international - trade deficit widened.
The international - trade deficit widened.
The global international trade deficit widened.
The international trade deficit deficit widened.
The trade deficit and deficit widened.
Zimbabwe beat the hosts Kenya 29 14.
Zimbabwe beat the hosts Kenya 29 14.
Zimbabwe then beat Kenya by 29 14.
Zimbabwe then beat Kenya by 29 14.
Zimbabwe beat hosts Kenya by 29 14.
Bigger states, such as Uttar Pradesh should not be bifurcated.
Biggar states such as Uttara Kannada Pradesh should be bifurcated.
Biggar states such as Uttara Pradesh, should be bifurcated.
Biggari states such as the Uttar Pradesh should be bifurcated.
Big states, especially such as Uttar Pradesh, should be bifurcated.
ITMK Nuclear Power Plant has secured a contract agreement with AMEC and National Grid.
ITM Power has recently also secured a contractual agreement with AMEC and National Grid.
ITM Nuclear Power has secured them a contractual agreement with AMEC and National Grid.
ITM Power Systems has also secured a joint contract with the AMEC and National Grid.
ITM Power has secured them with a contract with AMECOM and the National Grid.
A man was indicted in what authorities now allege is a multimillion dollar identity identity - identity theft theft and tax refund fraud scheme.
A man was indicted in authorities who allege it, which allegedly is a multimillion - dollar identity theft and tax refund fraud scheme.
A third man was also indicted in authorities who allege is a multimillionaire - dollar identity theft scheme and tax refund fraud scheme.
A man who was later indicted in authorities allege is a massive multimillion dollar identity theft and income - related tax refund fraud scheme.
A man, who was later indicted in authorities'allege is a multimillion - dollar, identity theft and tax refund fraud scheme.
A former school on - board teacher faces new charges.
A former school science teacher also faces several new charges.
A young former school teacher faces two separate new charges.
A mysterious young, former school teacher faces new charges.
A former high school teacher also faces two new charges.
The new city's structural integrity planning commissioner provided his report to council.
The city's structural integrity commissioner provided his report back directly to council.
The city's integrity commissioner provided his very own annual report to council.
The then new city's structural integrity commissioner provided his report to council.
The new city's integrity commissioner provided his report directly back to council.
Cincinnati has turned in multiple NCAA bids, to host a half dozen NCAA championship events.
Cincinnati has turned out in bids twice annually to host a dozen major NCAA championship events.
Cincinnati has turned in bids annually, to also annually host a dozen NCAA championship events.
Cincinnati State has turned out in the multiple bids to host a dozen NCAA championship events.
Cincinnati has also turned out in bids twice annually to host a dozen NCAA championship events.
Shailene Woodley is currently hair cutting, and donating, with Hair Loss.
Shailene - Woodley is cutting, selling and donating, with Hair Loss.
Shailene Woodley is cutting, selling and donating with, the Hair Loss.
Shailene Woodley is cutting, selling and even donating with, Hair Loss.
Shailene - Mrs Woodley is cutting, and is donating with Hair Loss.
Actress Shabana Azmi, is set up to finally receive her fifth doctorate.
Actress, Shabana Azmi, is set to receive her planned fifth doctorate.
Actress Shabanah Al Azmi is set to eventually receive her fifth doctorate.
Actress Shabanat Azmi, is set to receive her planned fifth doctorate.
Actress, Shabanat Azmi is set up to receive her fifth doctorate.
Petra, and she has gone Boomba.
Petra, has not yet gone Boomba.
Petra, she says has gone Boomba.
Petra, and she has gone Boomba.
Petra, and she has gone Boomba.
The new Cleveland Cavaliers go for a clean sweep out of all their Western trip.
The Cleveland Cavaliers then would go on for a sweep of their Great Western trip.
The new champion Cleveland Browns Cavaliers go for just a sweep of their Western trip.
The new Cleveland Blues - Cavaliers go for a sweep out of their Western trip.
The expansion Cleveland Cavaliers franchise would go for a sweep instead of their Western trip.
Two Sikh kidnapped from near the Drabanpur Road, DI Khan were released.
Two Sikhs kidnapped from Drabanpur Road, including DI Khan were released.
Two Sikh kidnapped from the Draban Road, DI Khan, also were released.
Two Sikh kidnapped from Draban Road, DI Khan, also also were released.
Two Sikhs kidnapped from Draban Road, DI Ali Khan, were released.
Collectors are rushing in to help buy replica babies made by just a young Silsden woman.
Collectors who are rushing to buy replica babies, are made by just a Silsden woman.
Collectors, who are seen rushing to buy replica babies made by a pregnant Silsden woman.
Collectors are seen rushing in to buy replica babies made - up by a Silsden woman.
Collectors are rushing to buy the replicated babies made up by a young Silsden woman.
NetSuite Inc. has entered directly into a agreement to jointly acquire TribeHR to jointly create the first integrated enterprise cloud, integrated ERP management and HCM suite for both small and mid - sized businesses.
NetSuite Inc., has entered into into a strategic agreement specifically to acquire TribeHR, to create the very first integrated cloud ERP and HCM suite available for small and mid - - sized businesses.
NetSuite Inc. has entered into a agreement " to acquire TribeHR to create " " the first fully integrated cloud - computing, ERP and HCM suite for small - and mid - sized businesses.
NetSuite Inc., has entered into into a agreement, to jointly acquire TribeHR, to create the first integrated cloud ERP management and HCM suite for small small - and mid - sized businesses.
NetSuite Inc. has also entered directly into a agreement to " acquire TribeHR to create " the first integrated cloud ERP and HCM suite for both small mid - sized and mid - sized businesses.
The rupee was hit, slipping below 63 cents, against a dollar.
The rupee had hit, slipping below 63 cents against half a dollar.
The rupee hit, just barely slipping below 63 cents against a dollar.
The rupee hit, slipping just below $ 635 against a dollar.
The rupee bill was hit, slipping below 63 cents against a dollar.
The captain, of the the last South Korean ferry that sank has also been arrested.
The former captain of the the last South - Korean ferry that sank has been arrested.
The former captain of the South - Korean ferry that sank with her has been arrested.
The then only former captain of the South - Korean ferry that sank has been arrested.
The former captain of the the last South Korean Airlines ferry that sank has been arrested.
Transgenders should study law, finance and equip.
Transgenders should also study family law and equip.
Transgenders also should also study law and equip.
Transgenders should also study law, and equip.
Transgenders, should also study law and equip.
It's the very only way Sachin has managed a lot of that happened being around him.
It's the only way Sachin Kumar has managed a whole whole lot that happened around him.
It's the very very same only way Sachin has managed a lot that happened around him.
It's the way Sachin Kumar has always managed a whole lot that happened all around him.
It's just the way Sachin has always managed a whole lot that has happened around him.
A severe hailstorm hit many parts of Manipur.
A hailstorm hit in many parts of Manipur.
A hailstorm hit in many parts of Manipur.
A heavy hailstorm hit parts east of Manipur.
A heavy monsoon hailstorm hit parts of Manipur.
A Liverpool MP called for holding a parliamentary debate on the internet trolling.
A former Liverpool MP called for holding a debate on the internet trolling.
A Liverpool City MP called for a debate on reducing the internet trolling.
A Liverpool City MP called out for a debate on the internet trolling.
A Liverpool City MP has called for holding a debate on internet trolling.
The Karachi police, later arrested the 65 accused.
The Karachi city police police, arrested 65 accused.
The then Karachi city police, arrested 65 accused.
The Karachi city police, arrested the 65 accused.
The local Karachi city police, arrested 65 accused.
Patients with pancreatic and breast cancer may live longer than when treated only with two vaccines.
Patients with advanced pancreatic cancer may live longer than normal when treated together with two vaccines.
Patients diagnosed with advanced pancreatic cancer may live much longer when being treated with two vaccines.
Patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer may live much longer when treated successfully, with two vaccines.
Patients with pancreatic cancer may live longer lives than when treated only with the two vaccines.
A single former Suffolk Suffolk County police department officer has been caught stealing from motorists.
A Suffolk County police officer has also been reported caught stealing stolen cars from motorists.
A senior Suffolk County police - department officer has been recently caught stealing from motorists.
A former Suffolk County county police department officer has been caught for stealing from motorists.
A Suffolk Suffolk County Police police officer, has also been caught stealing from motorists.
The main attacking Israeli force also struck at Syrian army posts.
The Israeli force also struck rockets down at Syrian army posts.
The Israeli force struck at all the Syrian Republican army posts.
The Israeli air force struck down at several Syrian army posts.
The Israeli force also reportedly struck at Syrian Republican army posts.
Prabhudeva marked the World Hepatitis C Day along with with all the other kids, at hospital in Mumbai.
Prabhudeva marked - up the very first World Hepatitis Day along with the kids at a hospital in Mumbai.
Prabhudeva also marked the World Hepatitis C Day along, with the kids, at hospital, in Mumbai.
Prabhudeva has also marked the World Hepatitis C Prevention Day along with with the kids at hospital in Mumbai.
Prabhudeva also marked the World of Hepatitis Day along with working with the kids at hospital facilities in Mumbai.
A Sheffield man has also recently been charged with the corruption of minors.
A Sheffield man has recently been also been charged with corruption of minors.
A Sheffield police man has been charged with the alleged corruption of minors.
A Sheffield man who has been charged twice with the corruption of minors.
A Sheffield maniac has been charged twice more with corruption of minors.
That opener Simon and Katich should not just have both been dropped.
That opener Simon Katich, should not have even have been dropped.
That opener on Simon Katicha should not just have been dropped.
That opener Simon and Katich should not even now have been dropped.
That opener Simon Katich should surely not have only just been dropped.
The newly proposed new capitalization requirement for market operators, would dampen the growth.
The new capitalization requirement for middle market operators, would dampen down the growth.
The new capital requirement for the market - share operators, would dampen the growth.
The new capitalization structure, and requirement for market operators would dampen the growth.
The newly proposed new capitalization requirement for middle market operators would dampen the growth.
The Australian Socialist and National Equality Party held an election meeting in the state capital of Adelaide.
The Socialist Equality Party also held itself an election day meeting in the capital city of Adelaide.
The Socialist Equality Australia Party held itself an election campaign meeting in the state capital of Adelaide.
The Socialist Equality Party also most recently held an election meeting in the capital city of Adelaide.
The Socialist Equality Party held an election and election campaign meeting held in the capital of Adelaide.
Doris Louise Lessing, died aged 94.
Doris Lessing had died, aged 94.
Doris Louise Mary Lessing died aged 94.
Doris Lessing had died, aged 94.
Doris von Lessing died, aged 94.
Mavis Wilson - Fearnley celebrated her 105th birthday.
Mavis Fearnley is celebrated on her 105th birthday.
Mavis Wilson - Fearnley celebrated her 105th birthday.
Mavis Fearnley celebrated it on her 105th birthday.
Mavis - Fearnley celebrated on her 105th birthday.
Maryam Rajavi extended all her condolences also to the poor people of Spain.
Maryam Rajavi extended her deepest condolences to all the poor people of Spain.
Maryam Rajavi extended her condolences also to almost all the people of Spain.
Maryam Rajavita extended her condolences to all the poor people of Spain.
Maryam Rajavi extended her deepest condolences to the poorest people of Spain.
Gold futures prices fell to just below $ 1, 300 an ounce.
Gold in futures fell to just below $ 1, 300 an ounce.
Gold futures fell to below $ $ 1, 300 for an ounce.
Gold in the futures fell to below $ 1, 300 an ounce.
Gold futures prices never fell below $ $ 1, 300 an ounce.
Zack Greinke left him with only a badly strained right calf.
Zack pushed Greinke left with a strained, aching right calf.
Zack pushed the Greinke left with a slightly strained right calf.
Zack and Greinke left with a strained and broken right calf.
Zack Greinke was left with but only a strained right calf.
Facebook has bought WhatsApp.
Facebook has bought WhatsApp.
Facebook has bought WhatsApp.
Facebook has bought WhatsApp.
Facebook has bought WhatsApp.
Facebook - Facebook celebrates 10 million years worth of existence.
Facebook - Facebook celebrates 10 years'worth of existence.
Facebook page - celebrates 10 years worth years of existence.
Facebook - celebrates its first 10 + years of existence.
Facebook - Facebook celebrates its 10 years worth of existence.
The National Weather Service deadline date was extended for a severe thunderstorm warning until 12 : 30 am Monday.
The National Weather Weather Service extended a new severe thunderstorm warning until approximately 12 : 00 30 am Monday.
The National Weather Service extended a new, severe thunderstorm warning warning until 12 : 00 30 am Monday.
The National Weather Service also extended a severe thunderstorm warning until at approximately 12 : 00 30 am Monday.
The US National Weather Service extended a severe thunderstorm warning alert period until 12 : 30 am am Monday.
Vikings fans also are being invited to attend to the club's second - annual end of season awards dinner.
Vikings fans are now also being invited to attend the football club's annual end - of season awards dinner.
Vikings fans are being invited back in real time to attend the football club's end of season awards dinner.
Vikings fans also are now being regularly invited to attend to the club's end of the season awards dinner.
Vikings'fans are also being regularly invited in to attend to the club's end of season awards dinner.
Hamid Ali Khan Mir has been shot dead in Karachi.
Hamid Ali Mir has also been shot dead in Karachi.
Hamid Khan Mir has also been also shot in Karachi.
Hamid Ali Mirzai has also been shot in Karachi.
Hamid - Ali Miri has been shot in Karachi.
Sushilkumar Shinde called him as Arvind Kejriwal a madam chief minister.
Sushilkumar Shinde called on Arvind Kejriwal as a completely mad chief minister.
Sushilkumar Shinde called on President Arvind Kumar Kejriwal a mad chief minister.
Sushilkumar Shinde called Arvind Singh Kejriwal as a very mad chief minister.
Sushilkumar Shinde has called for Arvind Kejriwal a completely mad chief minister.
Antonin - Ferdinand has left Queens'Park Rangers.
Anton Ferdinand has now left for Queens'Park Rangers.
Anton Ferdinand has left Chelsea for Queens'Park Rangers.
Antonino Ferdinando has left for Queens Park Rangers.
Anton Ferdinando has since then left Queens Park Rangers.
Joe Root has also been ruled out ahead of the ICC World Twenty20.
Joe Root has been not officially ruled out of playing the World Twenty20.
Joes Rootes has been ruled out ahead of the World Twenty20.
Joes Root has been officially ruled out of playing the World Twenty20.
Joes Root has been ruled out ahead of the 2017 World Twenty20.
A suspected terrorist was also killed in such a shootout.
A suspected terrorist suspect was killed in such a shootout.
A terrorist was killed moments later, in a shootout.
A terrorist was also killed later, in a shootout.
A terrorist leader was also killed later in a shootout.
Russia rebuffed Western demands, not to withdraw its forces in the Ukraine's Crimea region.
Russia rebuffed Western - Bloc demands not to withdraw forces in Ukraine's northern Crimea region.
Russia rebuffed Western Bloc demands to temporarily or forcibly withdraw forces in Ukraine's Crimea region.
Russia rebuffed Western demands not only to withdraw its forces in Ukraine's northern Crimea region.
Russia rebuffed the Western demands to withdraw its forces in all the Ukraine's Crimea region.
THE terminally ill won't have the right time to reapply for their new medical card once every six months.
THEY terminally ill people won't even have to reapply for their medical credit - card every six months.
THE terminally ill won't have to reapply themselves for using their very own medical card once every six months.
THE terminally ill patients won't even have to reapply for using their new medical credit card every six months.
THE terminally ill won't have to voluntarily voluntarily reapply themselves for their medical credit card every other six months.
Russian lugers, won a team silver medal in team relay competition.
Russian national lugers, he won a silver in team relay competition.
Russian lugers, won a team event silver in team relay competition.
Russian lugers, who won a silver in the team relay competition.
Russian national lugers, won with a silver in team relay competition.
The Redskins fired Shanahan again after posting a # 3 13 season.
The Redskins fired Mike Shanahan, after a 3 - 13 season.
The Redskins fired Shanahan after posting a 3½ - 13 season.
The Redskins also fired Shanahan, after posting a 3 13 season.
The Redskins had also fired Shanahan after posting a 3 13 season.
Pakistan condemned the violent storming of of the Al -'Aqsa mosque compound.
Pakistan condemned the storming attack out front of the Al - Aqsa mosque compound.
Pakistan condemned for the violent storming of the Al - Aqsa Mosque mosque compound.
Pakistan condemned the storming of the Shia Imam Al al - Aqsa mosque compound.
Pakistan condemned the violent storming of parts of the Al - Aqsa mosque compound.
Queenslander Labor appears increasingly more unlikely to sign up to Gonski.
Queensland appears increasingly more unlikely not to sign up due to Gonski.
Queensland appears increasingly more unlikely to sign up, due to Gonski.
Queensland appears increasingly unlikely not to actually sign him up to Gonski.
Queensland appears increasingly unlikely to ever again sign up prior to Gonski.
A Mississauga father figure, is asking.
A young Mississauga father figure is asking.
A young Mississauga father, is asking.
A young Mississaugan father is asking.
A Mississaugan father, is asking.
An man was also found and was shot dead on the premises of a building.
An man was found dead on to the premises outside of such as a building.
An old man was found dead, on the very very premises of a building.
An man was found dead on to the very premises outside of such a building.
An man was found dead, on the premises of one such in a building.
China Airlines has begun slowly building up its second aircraft carrier.
China has begun building - up of its second aircraft carrier.
China Eastern Airlines has begun building its second jet aircraft carrier.
China Airlines has begun building its very own second aircraft carrier.
China Airlines has also begun building its second jet aircraft carrier.
Manchester City United have also cancelled such an open training session.
Manchester and Motor City United have cancelled an open training session.
Manchester United FC have also cancelled an open air training session.
Manchester United have cancelled such an open - air training session.
Manchester City United have also recently cancelled an open training session.
Barcelona'former coach Tito Vilanovac has died, at the same age from cancer.
Barcelona'former Barcelona head coach Tito Vilanova has died, at the age from cancer.
Barcelona former coach, current coach Tito Vilanova has died at the age 65 from cancer.
Barcelona former coach, Titos Vilanova has died at the age age 65 from cancer.
Barcelona'former coach Tito Vilanova has also recently died at the same age from cancer.
Debris has washed them up on such as a beach.
Debris that has washed up somewhere, on a beach.
Debris has washed us up on just such a beach.
Debris and debris has washed up on to a beach.
Debris and debris has been washed up on a beach.
The Supreme Court caught the worst criminal case of a South Florida fisherman.
The Florida Supreme Court caught - up the case of a Florida fisherman.
The Supreme Judicial Court had caught the criminal case of a Florida fisherman.
The Florida Supreme Judicial Court caught the case of murdering a Florida fisherman.
The Supreme Judicial Court has caught the worst case of a Florida fisherman.
Alex Zane is also also set to spend the upcoming American New Year in New York.
Alex Zanetti, is set to spend spending the New Year in New New York.
Alex Zane is set to spend all the upcoming New Year holiday holidays in New York.
Alex Zane is set up specifically to go spend the upcoming New Year in New York.
Alex leaves and Zane is set to spend the New New New Year in New York.
The Idaho Department of Agriculture has also designated Elmorer County in Idaho as a primary natural non - disaster area.
The Department of Agriculture has designated the Elmorer Lake County in Idaho as a potential primary natural - disaster area.
The Department of State Agriculture, has also designated Elmore County, in Idaho as being a primary natural disaster area.
The Department of Agriculture has recently also designated Elmore County in northern central Idaho as a potential primary natural disaster area.
The former North Idaho Department of of Agriculture has designated Elmore County in Idaho as being a primary natural disaster area.
Alec Baldwin will be hosting in a prime - time talk - show airing on MSNBC.
Alec Baldwin, will be given the hosting of a prime time talk show on MSNBC.
Alec Baldwin will now also be hosting a new prime time talk show airing on MSNBC.
Alec Baldwin, will be seen as hosting a prime time talk - show on MSNBC.
Alec Baldwin also will be also be seen hosting a prime time talk show on MSNBC.
A farce that brings Awami League Muslim League to power.
A political farce that brings the Awami League to power.
A political political farce brings Awami Muslim League to power.
A farce brings Awami League back up and to power.
A farce that brings in the Awami League to power.
Theodore of the Twombly falls in love with building a computer system.
Theodore of Twombly also falls in - love with a computer system.
Theodore Twombly falls deeply in love with building a new computer system.
Theodore Twombly falls deeply in love again with a new computer system.
Theodore Twombly falls falling - in - love with a computer system.
Aitora Karanka felt some personal sympathy for Rhys Williams.
Aitor Karanka felt sympathy especially for actor John Rhys Williams.
Aitor Karanka felt sympathy, especially, for Rhys Williams.
Aitor Karankar also felt some sympathy for Rhys Williams.
Aitora Karanka also felt sympathy for actor Rhys Williams.
Michael John D. Higgins, is to also become, the first head - of state to make an visit to the UK.
Michael John D Higgins is to date to date become only the first head of state to make an visit abroad to the UK.
Michael D. Higgins is set to become the first British head of state ever to make such an official visit to the UK.
Michael D Higgins is set to become the first head - of state to ever make such an official visit abroad to the UK.
Michael D Higgins is to become the first head of state ever to ever make an official official visitation visit to the UK.
Nathan, Cleverly, and Sergey Kovalev made weight.
Nathan Cleverly, Sergey and Sergey Kovalev made weight.
Nathan Cleverly, and Russian Sergey Kovalev made weight.
Nathan, Cleverly, Sergey and Kovalev made weight.
Nathan Cleverly, Sergeyev and Kovalev made weight.
Manhattan Village concludes its homestand by warmly - welcoming Iona.
Manhattan concludes its first winter homestand season by welcoming Iona.
Manhattan concludes with its homestand season, by welcoming Iona.
Manhattan concludes by showing off its homestand by welcoming Iona.
Manhattan concludes its homestand hockey season by warmly welcoming Iona.
The next, new iteration of Kinja is live broadcast on Jalopnik.
The very next iteration of Kinjar TV is live on Jalopnik.
The two and next iterations of Kinja is live on Jalopnik.
The next iterations of All the Kinja is live on Jalopnik.
The next live TV iteration of Kinja is broadcast live on Jalopnik.
Walter De Mazzarria felt that Inter exorcised the psychosis.
Walter Mazzarri felt that the Interpol exorcised the psychosis.
Walter Mazzarri felt that the Code Inter exorcised the psychosis.
Walter De Mazzarria felt that Inter exorcised the psychosis.
Walter De Mazzarria felt Interpol exorcised the psychosis.
GWYNETHER PALTROW hosted as a charity dinner.
GWYNETH PALTROW also hosted as a charity dinner.
GWYNETH PALTROW hosted a large scale charity dinner.
GWYNETH PALTROW hosted a large scale charity dinner.
GWYNETHER THE PALTROW hosted a charity dinner.
The Syrian civil war itself has also been spilled over into Lebanon.
The ongoing Syrian civil war has also spilled over and into Lebanon.
The Syrian Arab civil war, which has spilled over into Lebanon.
The Syrian Arab civil war, has spilled itself over into Lebanon.
The Syrian civil - war has spilled all over and into Lebanon.
Currency and volatility have remained a constant theme.
Currency volatility remained as a relatively constant theme.
Currency and volatility remained a relatively constant theme.
Currency volatility remained constant as a constant theme.
Currency and volatility has remained a constant theme.
Nitish Kumar Kumari is PM material.
Nitish Kumar is given the PM material.
Nitish Kumar - Kumar is PM material.
Nitish Kumar Sharma is the PM material.
Nitish Kumar Sharma is the PM material.
Ashley Tisdale, who is engaged.
Ashley - Tisdale, is engaged.
Ashley Cooper - Tisdale is engaged.
Ashley Cooper - Tisdale is engaged.
Ashley - Anne Tisdale is engaged.
George Zimmerman went all out shopping looking for a shotgun.
George and Zimmerman went grocery shopping for half a shotgun.
George Zimmerman went shopping looking all around for a shotgun.
George Zimmerman then went out shopping for buying a shotgun.
George Zimmerman went shopping for $ a half a shotgun.
His bone - marrow transplant transplant cured him his peanut allergy.
His bone marrow transplant cured him his own chronic peanut allergy.
His bone - bone marrow transplant cured his chronic peanut allergy.
His bone marrow transplant transplant had nearly cured his peanut allergy.
His bone - marrow transplant transplant cured him his peanut allergy.
A married American couple charged with the Wyoming murders lived together in Missouri for years.
A couple was also charged with Wyoming murders lived together in southern Missouri for years.
A couple also charged with Wyoming murders had lived in Missouri City Park for years.
A couple charged with the two Wyoming murders had lived in southern Missouri for years.
A married couple charged with Wyoming Interstate Highway murders lived in southern Missouri for years.
Tours from outside residents of New Mexico's penitentiary have temporarily resumed.
Tours outside of the former New Mexico's penitentiary have temporarily resumed.
Tours of New Mexico's penitentiary have been temporarily only temporarily resumed.
Tours of New - Mexico's first state penitentiary have temporarily resumed.
Tours of New - Mexico's state juvenile penitentiary have temporarily resumed.
Judiciary reform will ensure the supremacy of almost all the constitution.
Judiciary will ensure us the supremacy of all of the constitution.
Judiciary will also help ensure the supremacy of all the constitution.
Judiciary reform will also ensure for the supremacy of the constitution.
Judiciary law reform will ensure effectively the supremacy of the constitution.
Property - sales in Scotland are but the buyers are now paying less.
Property sales in Scotland are but now the property buyers are paying less.
Property sales rates in Scotland are but buyers are now generally paying less.
Property sales rates in central Scotland are increasing but buyers are paying less.
Property sales in Scotland now are increasing but buyers are now paying less.
Everton defender Leighton James Baines believes Roberto Carlos - Martinez must keep investing money in new players.
Everton defender Leighton Baines also believes Roberto Martinez still must keep on investing money in new players.
Everton defender, Leighton Baines believes that Roberto Martinez, must keep investing heavily in new players.
Everton central - defender Leighton Baines believes Roberto Martinez must keep investing his money in new players.
Everton defender Leighton Baines believes Roberto Martinez and must keep investing heavily in the brand new players.
Americans remained with fresh shrimp, canned tuna, and salmon and topped the list of among the top 10 most - popular seafoods.
Americans who remained with shrimp, canned tuna and salmon have also topped the same list out of among the 10 most popular seafoods.
Americans have remained with shrimp, canned sea tuna, and smoked salmon and topped the list of the top 10 most popular seafoods.
Americans remained with shrimp, and the canned tuna, salmon and salmon also topped the Forbes list of the 10 most popular seafoods.
Americans remained with shrimp, while canned fish tunas and salmon topped the Forbes list of among the 10 top most popular seafoods.
United Christian Way also unveiled its 2 - 1 - 1 1 1 outreach van.
United States Christian Way also unveiled its 2 - 1 1 - 1 outreach van.
United States United Way unveiled its 2H - 1 - 1 public outreach van.
United Christian Way unveiled its new 2 - 1 - 1 1 1 outreach van.
United Christian Way also unveiled its new 2 - 1 - 1 bus outreach van.
Kmart in Mount Mount Pleasant, will also close Sunday.
Kmart in Mount Pleasant will also be closing close Sunday.
Kmart in the Mount Mount Pleasant Mall will close Sunday.
Kmart stores in Mount Pleasant Township will also close Sunday.
Kmart in Mount Pleasant Mall will also also close Sunday.
Afghan forces killed one another four militants.
Afghan security forces killed another four militants.
Afghan forces also killed another four militants.
Afghan forces also reportedly killed four militants.
Afghan forces also reportedly killed four militants.
Election Commission has also actively sought cooperation of media houses, and journalists to deal better with the perceived perceived menace of paid news.
Election Commission has also sought cooperations of media publishing houses and journalists to deal better with reducing the menace of the paid news.
Election Commission also has sought cooperations of media publishing houses, and journalists to deal better with reducing the menace of paid news.
Election Commission Commission has sought the cooperations of media houses and journalists to deal with the perceived menace of the poor paid news.
Election Commission has sought cooperations of all the media publishing publishing houses and the journalists to deal with the menace of paid news.
A Lake Macon woman had fought them off an intruder.
A Lake Maconie County woman fought off an intruder.
A Lake Macon woman fought with him off an intruder.
A Maconish woman fought off attacks against an intruder.
A Macon woman who had fought him off an intruder.
The federal government has also failed repeatedly to defend its own policies.
The government itself has also failed to defend against its own policies.
The government has failed repeatedly to defend itself against its own policies.
The government has also failed repeatedly to adequately defend its own policies.
The government has often also failed to defend its own own policies.
A Hindu Buddhist temple was vandalized, and was set in Bangladesh.
A large Hindu temple was vandalized, and was set in Bangladesh.
A Hindu Buddhist temple, was vandalized, and set in Bangladesh.
A Hindu Buddhist temple, was vandalized, and set in Bangladesh.
A Hindu Buddhist temple was also heavily vandalized and set in Bangladesh.
Arsenio - Hall had lost control.
Arsenio Hall had completely lost control.
Arsenio Hall had completely lost control.
Arsenio - Hall had lost control.
Arsenio Hall and Hall lost control.
MSNBC's Joe Ann Scarborough flipped out laughing at White House Press Office Staff Secretary Jay Carney.
MSNBC's Joe Ann Scarborough flipped - out laughing at White - House Press Secretary Jay Carney.
MSNBC's host Joe Scarborough flipped out laughing at former White - House Press Secretary Jay Carney.
MSNBC's anchor Joe Scarborough flipped it all out at White House and Press Secretary Jay Carney.
MSNBC's Joe Scarborough flipped - out laughing at former White House Assistant Press Secretary Jay Carney.
Eugenie of York was spotted, wearing only a leather jacket miniskirt, and a red scarf for a stylish day out in downtown New York City.
Eugenie of New York was first ever spotted wearing a black leather, miniskirt, and scarf for a very stylish day out in New York City.
Eugenie of York City, was spotted wearing a black leather miniskirt, and scarf, for a stylish day - out in New - York City.
Eugenie of East New York was also spotted wearing a black leather miniskirt, and a red scarf for a stylish day out in New York City.
Eugenie of York was also spotted wearing only a black leathers miniskirt, and a scarf for a stylish day - out in New York City.
The other south shore area of towns have moved to completely freeze the salaries of all its elected officials.
The south shore island towns have moved in to completely freeze off the salaries of its own elected officials.
The south shore towns have moved in to freeze the entire annual annual salaries of all its elected officials.
The south shore towns have moved to freeze the full annual minimum salaries required of all its elected officials.
The south - shore coastal towns have moved to completely or freeze the salaries of its own elected officials.
The Pimpri Chinchwad City Municipal Corporation has launched on its Facebook page on the social networking site.
The then Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation also launched its Facebook page on the social - networking site.
The Pimpri - Chinchwad Rural City Municipal Election Corporation launched its page on the social networking site.
The then Pimpri - Chinchwad Municipal Development Corporation launched its pager on the social networking site.
The Pimpri - Chinchwad Municipal Development Corporation launched its page on the official social - networking site.
The lead actor, Cory Monteith, was found dead.
The very late actor Cory Monteith was also found dead.
The actor, Cory Monteith, was also found dead.
The actor, Cory, Cory Monteith was found dead.
The late American actor Cory Monteith, was found dead.
Mariamka Sharapova wins for her third Stuttgart title.
Mariam Sharapova wins for her record third Stuttgart title.
Maria Sharapova also wins her record third WTA Stuttgart title.
Mariamka Sharapova also wins her third Stuttgart title.
Maria Sharapova wins her record twenty - third Stuttgart title.
Olympic champion and figure skater, Kim Yuna has also donated $ 100, 000.
Olympic champion figure skater Kimiko Yuna has donated $ 1 US 100, 000.
Olympic champion figure skater, Kim Yuna has also personally donated $ 100, 000.
Olympic champion figure - skater Kimiko Yuna has donated $ US 100, 000.
Olympic champion and figure skater, Kim Kim Yuna has donated $ 100, 000.
Kathryn died and Dennis gave birth to a healthy baby girl.
Kathryn Dennis gave giving birth twice, to a baby girl.
Kathryn and Dennis gave birth twice to a healthy baby girl.
Kathryn Dennison gave birth only twice to a baby girl.
Kathryn and Dennison gave birth to only a baby girl.
A grand jury jury has upgraded charges laid against a young Middlebury man.
A grand jury investigation has also upgraded charges against killing a Middlebury man.
A grand jury investigation has also upgraded charges against a young Middlebury man.
A grand jury investigation has upgraded charges being brought against a Middlebury man.
A grand jury investigation has also upgraded charges brought against a Middlebury man.
Investors should not own the Twitter in 2014.
Investors who should not own Twitter in 2014.
Investors who should own the Twitter in 2014.
Investors who should own the Twitter in 2014.
Investors who should own on Twitter in 2014.
A young blind man has cured his blindness, dying after falling down a short flight of stairs.
A blind man cured his own blindness, after accidentally accidentally falling down a flighte of stairs.
A blind man cured his blindness, dying after falling backwards backwards down to a flight of stairs.
A blind man cured his blindness, after accidentally falling down from a short wooden flight of stairs.
A blind man has cured his blindness, after falling backwards backwards down a short flight of stairs.
Ala - Noor Hospitals accelerated its growth in the third quarter.
Al Noor University Hospitals accelerated its growth in only the third quarter.
Al Noor University Hospitals experienced accelerated growth in only the third quarter.
Al Noor Islamic University Hospitals experienced accelerated growth in the third quarter.
Al - Sheikh Noor Hospitals experienced accelerated growth in the third quarter.
At least three people may have been reported killed in the fighting following a clash between two groups in Bannu.
At least three people may have been killed fighting in or fighting a clash between two ethnic groups in Bannu.
At least three people may have been killed in such a clash between two groups based, mainly in Bannu.
At least three people have been reported killed in following a violent clash between both the two groups in Bannu.
At not - least three people have been killed in a clash fought between the two groups based in Bannu.
Aston Martin has also announced its second largest international motorsport program to date.
Aston - Martin has also announced its second largest motorsport program to date.
Aston - Martin has announced its new second largest motorsport program to date.
Aston - Martin has also announced its largest motorsport development program to date.
Aston Martin Racing has announced its largest motorsport development program, to date.
US home mortgage prices also rose in January.
US home mortgages prices rose in January.
US residential home mortgage prices rose in January.
US home mortgage prices also rose in January.
US home mortgages prices rose in January.
Authorities in Pakistan have charged the same doctor, one of who helped the CIA find out about Osama bin Laden with murder.
Authorities based in East Pakistan have charged with the same doctor who had helped the CIA find Osama bin Laden charged with murder.
Authorities based in Pakistan, have charged the doctor who helped lead the US CIA to find Osama bin Laden, with murder.
Authorities in Pakistan may have also charged that the doctor was who helped the US CIA find Osama bin - Laden with murder.
Authorities based in North West Pakistan have charged the doctor who helped the CIA to find Osama Khan and bin Laden with murder.
The new video game lived right up to the hype.
The game never lived upfront to match the hype.
The game had lived up front to all the hype.
The video game never really lived up to the hype.
The game lived on right up to all the hype.
Kenyan, Ednah Kiplagat - khas won gold at the London Marathon.
Kenyan, Kenyan Edna Kiplagat - khas won at the 2012 London Marathon.
Kenyan, Ednah Abu - Kiplagat khas won at the London Marathon.
Kenyan, Kenyan Edna Kiplagat khas won gold medal at the London Marathon.
Kenyan, Kenyan runner Edna Kiplagat khas won at the 2012 London Marathon.
Al Jazeera Latin America also has disbanded its own sports unit.
Al Jazeera Sports Latin America has disbanded from its sports unit.
Al Jazeera America, which also has disbanded its sports unit.
Al - Jazeera America also has since disbanded its sports unit.
Al Jazeera America also has disbanded its very own sports unit.
Temple also won men's gymnastics dropped a dual meet at the Penn State.
Temple men's gymnastics team dropped to a dual meet win at Penn State.
Temple men's gymnastics dropped a previous dual meet at the former Penn State.
Temple men's gymnastics dropped a dual meet held annually at the Penn State.
Temple entered men's artistic gymnastics dropped a previous dual meet at Penn State.
A new team of senior senior UN weapons inspectors has arrived in Beirut.
A special team consisting entirely of UN weapons inspectors has arrived in Beirut.
A team of UN weapons inspectors, has arrived from back in Beirut.
A new team composed of UN weapons inspectors has also arrived in Beirut.
A team of UN weapons safety inspectors, has just arrived in Beirut.
BlackBerry is currently also considering a sale of half the company.
BlackBerry Corporation is considering a sale of about half the company.
BlackBerry Corporation is considering a possible sale option of the company.
BlackBerry Holdings Corporation is considering a sale of half the company.
BlackBerry Corporation Limited is considering a sale of half the company.
Salzburg then thrashed AFC Ajax 3 0.
Salzburg thrashed the AFC Ajax 3 0.
Salzburg then easily thrashed Ajax 3 0.
Salzburg thrashed Ajax with a 3 0.
Salzburg then thrashed Ajax with 3 0.
A small nearby lake which was inspired by William Wordsworth is up for sale on eBay.
A small lake which had inspired William Wordsworth is put back up for sale on eBay.
A lake which inspired William Henry Wordsworth is put up for public for sale on eBay.
A lake which inspired by William Henry Wordsworth is up and going for sale on eBay.
A lake, which he had inspired William Wordsworth is up for public sale on eBay.
Vybz Kartel was sentenced to life imprisonment, while in prison.
Vybz Kartelbek was sentenced twice to a life in prison.
Vybz. Ivan Kartel was sentenced to a life in prison.
Vybz Kartel was sentenced to a life imprisonment while in prison.
Vybz Kartel was later sentenced to life - imprisonment in prison.
The Indian Indian rupee opened the flat at 60. 30 cents per dollar.
The Indian rupee dealer opened up the flat at 60. 30 per dollar.
The Indian rupee opened flat at US $ 60. 30 cents per dollar.
The new Indian rupee opened flat at $ 60. 00 30 per dollar.
The South Indian rupee opened the flat at 60. 30 cents per dollar.
Springbok Women's coach, Lawrence - Sephaka announced.
Springbok First Women's coach Lawrencee Sephaka announced.
Springbok First XV Women's coach Lawrence Sephaka announced.
Springbok Women's head coach Lawrencee Sephaka announced.
Springbok Women's head basketball coach Lawrence Sephaka announced.
A former teacher has been recently been jailed, for planning a attack on a former pupil 40 years ago.
A former school teacher has been recently jailed for a attack on a local school pupil over 40 years ago.
A young former teacher who has been jailed, for a violent attack on a pupil over 40 years ago.
A young former teacher who has been recently jailed for a car bomb attack on a pupil 40 years ago.
A young former teacher has also been recently jailed, for a attack on a former pupil 40 years ago.
Italian immigrant women work much more harder and longer than men do.
Italian women also often work harder, and longer than men do.
Italian women work much more harder and longer hours than men do.
Italian women work much harder and live longer lives than men do.
Italian immigrant immigrant women work harder and live longer than men do.
A contractor suffered head butt - injuries shortly after falling.
A construction contractor suffered severe head injuries shortly after falling.
A construction contractor suffered head - injuries shortly after falling.
A contractor suffered severe head - injury injuries after falling.
A contractor suffered severe head injury injuries shortly after falling.
Kwesi Appiah will visit the 12 foreign players based mainly in Europe from this week.
Kwesi Appiahswamy will also visit 12 players in Europe starting from this week.
Kwesi Appiah will visit 12 players in all countries over the Europe from this week.
Kwesi Appiah will visit all 12 badminton team players in Europe from India this week.
Kwesi and Appiah will visit all 12 other top players in Europe from this week.
Jamie Carragher, might coach the Indian kids.
Jamie thought Carragher might even coach Indian kids.
Jamie Carragher might not even coach Indian kids.
Jamieson Carragher might even coach Indian kids.
Jamie Carragher, might coach the Indian kids.
Newfoundland Power Inc., has declared dividends on its three Series Series A, Series B, D and three Series G First Preference Shares.
Newfoundland Electric & Power Inc. has also recently declared dividends based on its Series A, Series B, D and G First Preference Shares.
Newfoundland Power Inc. has also declared its dividends based on all its existing Limited Series A, B, D and G First Preference Shares.
Newfoundland General Electric Power Inc., has declared dividends on its Series - A, B, D, E and G First Preference Shares.
Newfoundland Electric Power, Limited Inc. has declared dividends on all of its Series A, B, D and G - First Preference Shares.
The Township Battle of Scugogh marked the first Battle of Vimy Ridge.
The Upper Township of the Upper Scugog marked the Battle of Vimy Ridge.
The former Township of Scugog marked the Battles of the Vimy Ridge.
The Township Battle of Upper Fort Scugog marked the Battle of Vimy Ridge.
The former Township Battle of Scugog marked by the Battle of Vimy Ridge.
A man was arrested twice, for allegedly killing his pregnant wife and chopping up her bodies into three pieces.
A man was arrested twice, for killing his wife, and for chopping up her bodies into three pieces.
A man was arrested for killing his wife, raped and then chopping her two bodies into all three pieces.
A local man was later also arrested twice for killing his wife and chopping her bodies up into three pieces.
A man was arrested for allegedly killing his wife and then for chopping her two bodies up into three pieces.
Levels 1 of a hormone may predicting a pregnant pregnant woman's gestational diabetes risk.
Levels of a hormone may also help predicting a woman's future gestational diabetes risk.
Levels of a hormone level may predict a healthy, pregnant woman's gestational diabetes risk.
Levels of a human growth hormone may predicting a pregnant woman's gestational diabetes risk.
Levels of a growth hormone may help predicting a pregnant woman's gestational diabetes risk.
NEARLY HALF Hundreds of black teachers feel they probably should have been held responsible because of the racial discrimination.
NEARLY and the HALF of black teachers feel they have been falsely held responsible, because of racial discrimination.
NEARLY and HALF of black teachers feel they have been being held because of of the perceived racial discrimination.
NEARLY A HALF of black high school teachers feel they have not ever been held because of racial discrimination.
NEARLY HALF Hundreds of black school district school teachers feel they have been held responsible because of racial discrimination.
Luxury sports car firm, Aston Martin is currently recalling 17, 590 units of its sports cars.
Luxury car firm, Aston - Martin is recalling over 17, 000 590 of its sports cars.
Luxury car manufacturing firm Aston Martin is recalling 17, 000 590 of them all its sports cars.
Luxury sports car firm Aston Martin is recalling about 17, 590 of all of its sports cars.
Luxury UK sports car manufacturing firm Aston Martin UK is recalling 17, 590 of its sports cars.
The level of the brand new River of Colne Bridge in Watford on Saturday morning was the second highest on record.
The level of the River Colne in Watford on such a Saturday night was only the second highest level on record.
The level of the River Colne Bridge in Watford, on a Saturday was the second - highest level on record.
The level crossing of the new River Colne Road Bridge in Watford on Saturday was the second highest level on record.
The level of the River of Colne in central Watford on Saturday was the second - - - highest on record.
Lumate has raised $ 450, 000 000 annually, to help open its new Rolla office.
Lumaten has raised over $ 450, 000 000 to help it open its Rolla office.
Lumate has since then raised $ 450, 000 to help open its new downtown Rolla office.
Lumate has also raised $ 450, 000 in USD to help open its new Rolla office.
Lumate has raised $ 450, 000 000 to help it open its brand new Rolla office.
The American National Rebel Army Alliance is getting a origin story.
The Rebel Alliance team is getting a whole new origin story.
The Rebel Rebel Alliance is getting sucked into a origin story.
The American Rebel Alliance is now just getting a origin story.
The North American Rebel Alliance team is getting a origin story.
The study group is the first to examine all the trends being seen in fertility rates among girls with mental illness.
The latter study is among the first studies to specifically examine trends in fertility rates, among girls with mental illness.
The study is the not very very first to examine trends in fertility rates among young teenage girls with mental illness.
The study also is the first to fully examine trends in maternal fertility mortality rates among girls with severe mental illness.
The study is the first to examine the trends in the high adolescent female fertility rates among girls with mental illness.
Big Brothers Music Big Big Sisters Music has announced it is moving.
Big Big Brothers Big Sisters Music has announced that it is moving.
Big Big Big Brothers Big Sisters Music has announced it is moving.
Big Brothers Big Sisters Music has announced it too and is moving.
Big Brothers Big Sisters Music Group has announced that it is moving.
The side lunge is or jump off is.
The right side lunge jump - off is.
The side kick - lunge jump off is.
The side lunge jump kick - off is.
The right - side lunge jump off is.
All the remaining state funds will go to support families in the Upper Comox Valley.
All the funds raised will go to support families interested in developing the Comox Valley.
All funds will also go to support families in the Upper - Lake Comox Valley.
All funds will go forward to help and to support families in the Comox Valley.
All the funds being raised will go to help support families in the Comox Valley.
MegaFood received certification by OKC Kosher Certification.
MegaFood was received by the OK Kosher Certification.
MegaFood received certification by the OK Kosher Certification.
MegaFood was well received by OK Kosher Certification.
MegaFood received certification by the OK Kosher Certification.
Honduras and Panama, then drew 2 2.
Honduras and the hosts Panama drew 2 2.
Honduras, and Panama, drew 2 2.
Honduras and Panama drew 2 2 2 2.
Honduras, Guatemala and Panama drew 2 2.
US borrowing also grew by the second - biggest amount in six years.
US government borrowing grew by far the second biggest amount in six years.
US borrowing grew by about the second biggest amount ever in six years.
US borrowing grew by the biggest amount ever ever in over six years.
US borrowing grew by the biggest total loan amount ever in six years.
A sex - offender who has turned it himself in.
A sex offender has turned it and turned himself in.
A convicted sex - offender who has turned himself in.
A sex offender has probably just turned it himself in.
A convicted sex offender has just turned it himself in.
Russia had then issued an ultimatum.
Russia issued to it an ultimatum.
Russia then issued him an ultimatum.
Russia had then issued an ultimatum.
Russia then issued it an ultimatum.
Jadeveon Clowney also believes that he works just as hard as anybody.
Jadeveon - Clowney believes he works just hard, same as anybody.
Jadeveon Clowney believes he works just about as hard, as anybody.
Jadeveon Clowney believes he works just as just hard working as anybody.
Jadeveon - Clowney believes he works just about as hard as anybody.
Bitcoin stock prices plunged, and after Mt.
Bitcoin stock market prices plunged, after Mt.
Bitcoin stock prices have plunged, after Mt.
Bitcoin prices had plunged, and after Mt.
Bitcoin and stock prices plunged, after Mt.
Bulandshahr, sugar merchant was?, being looted of Rs. 50 lakhs.
Bulandshahr, sugar merchant, was?, looted of Rs. 50 lakhs.
Bulandshahr, sugar merchant was? looted sum of only about Rs 50 lakhs.
Bulandshahr, whose sugar merchant was?, looted property of Rs 50 lakhs.
Bulandshahr, the sugar merchant was?, looted of Rs. 50 lakhs.
The data flows in Indian government data market segments have been encouraging.
The data flows in the West Indian market have always been encouraging.
The new data flows in Indian market market data have been encouraging.
The data - flows in Indian market have always been been encouraging.
The new data flows in Indian market have also also been encouraging.
Craig Ferguson's character leaving as host, of The Late Late Late Show.
Craig Ferguson's character leaving as host of : The Late Late Late Show.
Craig Ferguson's leaving saw him as the host of The Late Late Show.
Craig Ferguson's leaving, as host, of The Late Late Late Show.
Craig Ferguson's leaving as host was the host of The Late Late Show.
A Pakistani federal military court has also indicted Pervez Musharraf in a high treason case.
A special Pakistani court has also indicted Pervez Musharraf Khan in a high treason case.
A recent Pakistani court martial has indicted Pervez and Musharraf Khan in a treason case.
A special Pakistani court has indicted General Pervez Musharraf in a major high treason case.
A Pakistani military military court has indicted Pervez and Musharraf Khan in a treason case.
Thames Water will also still not even pay out any corporation tax for up to a decade.
Thames Water will not pay any corporation incomes tax for up to to half a decade.
Thames Valley Water will not even ever pay any corporation income tax for up to a decade.
Thames Water will not even pay out any corporation tax revenue for up to half a decade.
Thames Water will not pay any new corporation income tax for up to half of a decade.
A new series of introductory and research texts on Tamil literatures has been planned.
A series of introductory texts on the Tamil - language Tamil literature has been planned.
A series, consisting of introductory reference texts on Tamil language literature has been planned.
A new series consisting of introductory texts based on ancient Tamil literature has been planned.
A series of six new introductory critical texts on ancient Tamil literature has been planned.
Helene Flanagan is also set to also have her own reality show.
Helen Flanagan, who is set up to have her own reality show.
Helen Flanagan is set to have hosted her own reality television reality show.
Helene Flanagan is set to have hosted her very own reality show.
Helene Flanagan is set to have her very own TV reality show.
A man died in an automobile accident while at a nearby Fontana business.
A man died in an accident at a hospital nearby nearby Fontana business.
A man died in an automobile traffic accident at a nearby Fontana business.
A man, who died in an automobile accident at a Fontana business.
A man died in an accident while working at running a Fontana business.
Cub Scout Scouts are holding several open houses.
Cub Scout and Scouts are holding open houses.
Cub Boy Scouts camps are holding open houses.
Cub Scouts campsites are holding open houses.
Cub Scout Scouts are also holding open houses.
Tickets sold to see Sir Tom Jones Band perform an early acoustic live gig here in Northampton go on sale today at 9am.
Tickets to see, Sir, Sir, Tom Jones perform an gig here in Northampton go up on sale today at 9am.
Tickets to also see singer Sir Tom Jones perform an acoustic gig here in Northampton go up on sale today, at 9am.
Tickets to see Sir Tom Jones to finally come and perform an old gig in Northampton go on - sale today at 9am.
Tickets to see singer Sir Tom Jones perform an gig in nearby Northampton still go up on - sale even today at 9am.
The government hosted to discuss the action plan focusing on improving the improvement of the business environment.
The government meeting was hosted to discuss the proposed action plan on improvement level of business environment.
The state government hosted to discuss the action and plan on improvement level development of business environment.
The state government was hosted there to discuss on the action plan on improvement of business environment.
The government hosted for them to discuss on the action plan and on improvement of business environment.
Mexican stocks may have ended higher.
Mexican stocks have also ended higher.
Mexican oil stocks have ended higher.
Mexican oil company stocks ended higher.
Mexican stocks may have ended higher.
A young Texas man has pleaded not guilty while in Kansas to holding up a dogfight.
A Texas man has pleaded guilty in northwestern Kansas to sexual assault while holding a dogfight.
A Texas cattle rancher man has pleaded guilty while in Kansas to holding a dogfight.
A Texas man has pleaded not guilty while in Kansas to the one holding a dogfight.
A Texas man has also recently also pleaded guilty in northwestern Kansas to holding a dogfight.
The United States wants no changes to the FIFA FIFA Club World Cup bidding process.
The United States wants changes to improve on in the FIFA World Cup bidding process.
The United States also wants changes to the FIFA FIFA Club World Cup bidding process.
The tournament host United States wants no changes made to the World Cup bidding process.
The United States government wants virtually no changes made to the World Cup bidding process.
A Dallas police officer was wounded twice, in a shootout.
A local Dallas police officer was severely wounded in a shootout.
A Dallas officer also later was wounded, in a shootout.
A Dallas police officer was severely wounded twice in a shootout.
A Dallas police officer was wounded twice in such a shootout.
Adult magazines will no longer - longer be almost exclusively sold on Army or US Air Force military bases.
Adult magazines now will no longer be exclusively sold on Army bases or Air Force or Navy military bases.
Adult magazines will no longer only be sold on US Army or other US Army Air Force military bases.
Adult and adult magazines will now no longer be sold on US Army or US Air Force military bases.
Adult and adult magazines now will no longer be exclusively sold on Army bases or Air Force military bases.
It makes no longer absolute sense.
It all makes no absolute sense.
It all makes no absolute sense.
It just makes no absolute sense.
It all just makes absolute sense.
Philip Philip Seymour Hoffman Hoffman, has been found dead.
Philip Philip Seymour Hoffman has been later on found dead.
Philip Seymour Hoffman Hoffman, has been later found dead.
Philip Seymour Hoffman has been also much later found dead.
Philip Seymour Hoffman Hoffman has been also later found dead.
Intel's source code Galileo home computer has started off shipping to distributors.
Intel's open source Galileo desktop computer has recently started shipping to distributors.
Intel's source Galileo computer has started selling its shipping out to distributors.
Intel's source Galileo personal computer product has also started shipping to distributors.
Intel's source Galileo 2 home computer has started its shipping to distributors.
Oriental Bank of Commerce, is the bank to fully revise all of its rates based on select deposits.
Oriental National Bank Chamber of Commerce is the bank to revise all its rates based on the select deposits.
Oriental Bank of Commerce is also asking the bank to revise all its interest rates based on select deposits.
Oriental Bank of Commerce is also asking the bank not to revise its rates on its own select deposits.
Oriental Bank of Commerce is the bank to fully revise all its interest - rates on its select deposits.
Shane Warne has been battling hard enough to win back his Liz Hurley.
Shane Vane Warne has been battling hard to win his Liz Hurley.
Shane Warne has been desperately battling to finally win his daughter Liz Hurley.
Shane - Warne has been constantly battling to win back his Liz Hurley.
Shane Warne has also been battling to win back against his Liz Hurley.
The Baltimore Ravens signed him and signed kick returner Shaun Draughn.
The Ravens signed and signed kickoff returner, Shaun Draughn.
The Ravens also signed and also signed kick returner Shaun Draughn.
The Ravens have also signed and kickoff returner Shaun Draughn.
The Ravens signed him and signed kickoff returner Shaun Draughn.
Saks Inc, will be eventually bought out for $ 2. 5 4 billion.
Saks Inc, will be eventually bought out for US $ 2. 4 billion.
Saks Inc, LLC LLC will be bought for US $ 2. 4 billion.
Saks Inc, which will also eventually be bought for $ 2. 4 billion.
Saks, Inc, will be bought for $ $ US 2. 4 billion.
South Africa's total Internet Internet traffic traffic is set to quadruple.
South Africa's total Internet traffic volume currently is set to quadruple.
South Africa's Internet traffic traffic - rate is set to quadruple.
South Africa's Internet traffic traffic is now set up to quadruple.
South Africa's Internet traffic traffic volume index is set to quadruple.
Bhuvneshwar Raj Kumar, excited to also bowl alongside Australian fast bowler Daley Steyn, is.
Bhuvneshwar Rajendra Kumar, excited enough to bowl alongside fast bowler Daley Steyn, is.
Bhuvneshwar Raj Kumar, excited enough to bowl alongside fast fast - bowler Dale Steyn, is.
Bhuvneshwar Raj Kumar, very excited to bowl alongside fast - bowler Daley Steyn, is.
Bhuvneshwar Kumar, excited to bowl, alongside fast - - medium bowler Dale Steyn, is.
Guangdong defended their Chinese men'basketball national title at at the Chinese Taipei National Games.
Guangdong successfully defended their men'basketball national title at the Chinese Taipei 2010 National Games.
Guangdong defendeds as also their men'basketball title at the 2015 Chinese National Games.
Guangdong successfully successfully defended their men'basketball title at both both the Chinese National Games.
Guangdong defended their men'basketball title title at the 2017, Chinese Taipei National Games.
A certain Mayawati also took fresh guard.
A certain Mayawati also took fresh guard.
A certain Mayawati also took fresh guard.
A senior Mayawati officer took fresh guard.
A certain Mayawati also took fresh guard.
Saudi Arabia - Arabia law might restrict foreign workers'home stay to a maximum period of eight years.
Saudi - Arabia might also restrict foreign migrant workers'stay abroad to a maximum maximum of eight years.
Saudi Arabia might also restrict foreign migrant workers'stay to a maximum maximum of about every eight years.
Saudi Arabia also might restrict foreign workers'stay to either a maximum or maximum period of eight years.
Saudi Arabia might restrict all foreign migrant sex workers'stay to a maximum minimum period of eight years.
Ironveld has made only some significant progress.
Ironveld has recently made some significant progress.
Ironveld has still not made significant progress.
Ironveld has recently made some significant progress.
Ironveld has recently made some significant progress.
The Israeli shekel tax has strengthened against raising the dollar.
The shekel has also been significantly strengthened against the dollar.
The Israeli shekel has strengthened against using of the dollar.
The shekels tax has strengthened it against the dollar.
The shekel tax has strengthened against Israel raising the dollar.
At - least about 60 goats were killed, as well a truck plunged into a ditch.
At - least about 60 goats were killed as a truck plunged down and into a ditch.
At least least 60 goats were killed, as a pickup truck plunged into into a ditch.
At least 60 goats were killed, as a truck plunged into it into half a ditch.
At least about 60 local goats were killed as a truck was plunged into into a ditch.
Payday student student loans apply by phone.
Payday student loans can apply by phone.
Payday loans can apply only by phone.
Payday student loans can apply by phone.
Payday student loans apply only by phone.
Shraddha Kapoor dazzled him on the exit - ramp for Rohit Bal.
Shraddha and Raj Kapoor dazzled on the rampage for Rohit Bal.
Shraddha Kapoor dazzled him on the rampage searching for Rohit Bal.
Shraddha Kapoor dazzled on the first southbound exit ramp for Rohit Bal.
Shraddha Kapoor was dazzled on the first exit ramp for Rohit Bal.
Linfield Park and Cliftonville have each been fined following all their sectarian chanting.
Linfield Park and West Cliftonville have each been heavily fined following sectarian chanting.
Linfield Park and Cliftonville have each since been fined following their sectarian chanting.
Linfield and West Cliftonville have each since been fined following their sectarian chanting.
Linfield Sports Park and Cliftonville have since each been fined following sectarian chanting.
Robert Robert Kubica crashed out ahead of the Wales Rally GB.
Robert Kubica also crashed out of Wales, on Rally GB.
Robert Kubica also crashed out of during the Wales Rally GB.
Robert Robert Kubica has also crashed out of Wales Rally GB.
Robert Kubica had also crashed out ahead of Wales Rally GB.
A woman who has also been recently charged after a stabbing.
A woman has been charged, killed after suffering a stabbing.
A woman who has been charged after allegedly suffering a stabbing.
A woman has been recently also charged, after a stabbing.
A young woman who has recently been charged after a stabbing.
BBC Latin America has picked up for the second season premiere of Atlantis.
BBC America has picked - up the entire second full season of Atlantis.
BBC America series has picked up for the second full season of Atlantis.
BBC America has picked up almost the entire entire second season of Atlantis.
BBC Latin America has picked up for the upcoming second season of Atlantis.
Mickey Wayne Rooney himself died at the approximate age of 93.
Mickey Wayne Rooney died at about about the age of 93.
Mickey Wayne Rooney died at the approximate age of of 93.
Mickey Rooney himself later died at about the age of 93.
Mickey Wayne Rooney - Rooney died at the age of 93.
Beck's Hybrids is planning to also further expand on its headquarters operation.
Beck's Hybrids division is planning to expand operations beyond its headquarters operation.
Beck's Hybrids is also planning to expand operations beyond its headquarters operation.
Beck's Hybrids is also currently planning to further expand its headquarters operation.
Beck's Hybrids Solutions division is planning now to expand its headquarters operation.
South Carolina State University officials also say a female student who has also been shot.
South Carolina Polytechnic State University officials say a large student - body has been shot.
South Carolina Polytechnic State University campus officials also say that a student has been shot.
South Carolina Polytechnic State Polytechnic University campus security officials say a student has been shot.
South Carolina State University officials say not only that not a student has been shot.
The entire Australian car market looks set up to open higher.
The South Australian market looks not set to be open higher.
The Australian car market looks set to not be open higher.
The Australian market now looks set up enough to open higher.
The South Australian market looks likely not set to open higher.
Jorge Lorenzo won at the 2011 British motorcycle Moto GP.
Jorge San Lorenzo also won at the British Moto GP.
Jorge Lorenzo won at the 2011 British motorcycle Moto GP.
Jorge de San Lorenzo won the British GP Moto GP.
Jorge Lorenzo won at the 2011 British team Moto GP.
Naomie Campbell is reportedly eying for hosting her own talk show.
Naomi Campbell is also reportedly seen repeatedly eying her own talk show.
Naomie Campbell is reportedly last seen eying her own talk show.
Naomi Campbell is reportedly eying for hosting her very own talk show.
Naomi Campbell herself is reportedly seen eying her own radio talk show.
A female former South Lubbock County Sheriff's employee was arrested on a felony charge of online solicitation of killing of a female minor Monday, Dec. 9.
A former Lubbock County Sheriff's employee, was also arrested on a federal felony charge consisting of online solicitation of a minor Monday, Friday Dec. 9.
A former Lubbock County Deputy Sheriff's employee who was arrested, on a felony charge of online sexual solicitation of just a minor Monday, Dec. 9.
A Lubbock County Sheriff's employee was arrested, again on on a felony charge of online solicitation of a pregnant male minor Monday, on Dec. 9.
A Lubbock County Sheriff's employee, who later was arrested, on a felony charge of online solicitation of a male minor on Monday, Dec. 9.
TAMZINA OUTHWAITE She has filed for divorce.
TAMZIN OUTHWAITE has since then filed for divorce.
TAMZIN OUTHWAITE has since filed again for divorce.
TAMZIN OUTHWAITE She has filed again for divorce.
TAMZIN OUTHWAITE has since filed again for divorce.
A plane has recently been landed at Bali airport, Indonesia after a suspected hijacking.
A plane crash has landed at Balinese airport after closely investigating a suspected hijacking.
A mysterious plane crash has landed at Balinese airport, after a suspected hijacking.
A plane has also landed at Balinese international airport after a previously suspected hijacking.
A plane that has been landed illegally at Bali airport, after a suspected hijacking.
Two Vidalia Valleys County officials are also hoping to decrease the speed limits on highways.
Two former Vidalia officials are hoping to decrease all of the posted speed limits on highways.
Two former Vidalia officials are hoping to decrease all the posted maximum speed limits on highways.
Two Vidalia officials are hoping to also significantly decrease the speed limit and limits on highways.
Two Vidalia officials are hoping to help decrease the speed limit limits being imposed on highways.
Edward Edward Snowden has been nominated twice, for both the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize.
Edward Snowden has also been twice nominated for the 2014 British Nobel Committee Peace Prize.
Edward Edward Snowden, has been twice nominated for the 2014 British Nobel Peace Prize.
Edward Snowden has been twice nominated for the highly prestigious 2014 Nobel Committee Peace Prize.
Edward Snowden III has been nominated twice for both the and 2014 Nobel Peace Prize.
Zuora said it has now only raised $ $ 50 million in funding its fifth round.
Zuora has also said it has raised $ 50 million USD in funding its fifth round.
Zuora said it has already raised $ 505 million USD, in its fifth round.
Zuora has also said it has raised $ $ 50 million in funding its fifth round.
Zuora said, that it now has raised $ 50 million in its successful fifth round.
North Korea said it had also had previously executed Jang Song Thaek.
North Korea said it had also had executed Jang - Song Thaek.
North - Korea said it had executed General Kim Jang Song Thaek.
North Korea said it had previously also executed Jang - Song Thaek.
North Korea later said it had executed Jang Su - Song Thaek.
Norwegian Nobel lawmakers nominated Edward Snowden for both the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize.
Norwegian lawmakers have nominated Edward Snowden for the Nobel Prize Committee Peace Prize.
Norwegian Nobel lawmakers have nominated Edward Snowden for the 2005 Nobel Peace Prize.
Norwegian lawmakers nominated Sir Edward Snowden twice for the 2005 Nobel Peace Prize.
Norwegian lawmakers nominated Sir Edward Snowden twice for both the Nobel Peace Prize.
Stimulus time is probably still needed.
Stimulus data analysis is still needed.
Stimulus time is probably still needed.
Stimulus analysis is therefore still needed.
Stimulus is most probably still needed.
Lewis Hamilton also later dedicated a win to ex - girlfriend, Nicole Scherzinger.
Lewis Hamilton dedicated a championship race race win to ex - girlfriend Nicole Scherzinger.
Lewis Hamilton also later publicly dedicated a win to ex - girlfriend Nicole Scherzinger.
Lewis Hamilton dedicated a world championship win to his ex - girlfriend Nicole Scherzinger.
Lewis and Hamilton dedicated a win to their ex ex - girlfriend Nicole Scherzinger.
POLICE were called after receiving several complaints about a large group of travellers.
POLICE flights were called - off after complaints about a group of travellers.
POLICE were called after hearing their complaints about such a group of travellers.
POLICE were called after receiving complaints about a group or meeting of travellers.
POLICE were called after complaints about such a group consisting mainly of travellers.
Qatar Airways, celebrated 10 years anniversary of its first service to Moscow.
Qatari Airways, celebrated 10 + + years of service to Moscow.
Qatari Airways, celebrated its 10 years anniversary of service to Moscow.
Qatar Airways, which celebrated 10 years of service, flew to Moscow.
Qatar Airways, celebrated 10 + years anniversary anniversary of service to Moscow.
The Boston Junior Red Sox will also not yet officially tender their contracts either to Andrew Bailey or Ryan Kalish, making free agents.
The expansion Boston Red Sox will not officially tender their contracts either to Andrew Lee Bailey, or Ryan Kalish, making free agents.
The expansion expansion Boston College Junior Red Sox will also don't tender contracts to Andrew Bailey or Ryan Kalish, making free agents.
The Boston Red Sox will therefore also not directly tender their contracts either to either Andrew Bailey or Ryan Kalish, making free agents.
The Boston Junior Red Sox will not tender contracts to either Andrew Bailey or to Ryan Kalish, making both them permanent free agents.
Ariana La Grande has denied claims she cheated twice on her ex - boyfriend, and with Nathan Sykes.
Ariana Grande has denied claims that she had cheated on with her ex - boyfriend with actor Nathan Sykes.
Ariana La Grande has denied claims she cheated on with by her ex - boyfriend, with Nathan Sykes.
Ariana Grande has denied any claims she cheated on her former - ex - boyfriend with actor Nathan Sykes.
Ariana Grande herself has denied claims she was cheated on with by her ex - boyfriend with Nathan Sykes.
President Barack Obama spoke about US immigration reform.
President Obama spoke out about the immigration reform.
President Obama spoke about the proposed immigration reform.
President Barack Obama spoke out about immigration reform.
President Barack Barack Obama spoke about immigration reform.
The Syrian Electronic Security Army has also claimed Microsoft as being likely its latest victim.
The Syrian Electronic Security Army has also claimed by Microsoft as being its latest victim.
The Syrian National Electronic Army has claimed Microsoft as possibly being its very latest victim.
The Syrian Electronic Army Group has claimed Microsoft Windows software as being its latest victim.
The Free Syrian Electronic Army has claimed using Microsoft Windows as its very latest victim.
A Windermere Park Road police officer was also shot and killed.
A Windermere police - station officer, was shot and killed.
A senior Windermere police officer was also shot at and killed.
A Windermere police officer was also reportedly shot at and killed.
A senior Windermere police officer was later also shot and killed.
Clydesdales banks also are to close 28 new unsustainable branches.
Clydesdale banks also are expected to close their 28 unsustainable branches.
Clydesdales banks, are expected to close 28 unsustainable branches.
Clydesdales banks are expected to close 28 million unsustainable branches.
Clydesdales'banks also are to close 28 unsustainable branches.
Aung San San and U Suu Kyi will visit Australia.
Aung Sanh and Suu Sai Kyi will visit Australia.
Aung San San Suu Uy Kyi will visit Australia.
Aung San San and Suu U Kyi will visit Australia.
Aung San and San - Suu Kyi will visit Australia.
A senior Japanese minister visited a nearby highly controversial war shrine.
A Japanese minister visited a controversial former North Korean war shrine.
A former senior Japanese minister visited a controversial Korean war shrine.
A Japanese prime minister visited such a highly controversial war shrine.
A senior Japanese deputy prime minister visited a controversial war shrine.
The 2009 Giants continued by signing former Denver Broncos tight - end, Robert Ayers.
The Giants continued by also signing former Denver - Broncos end, linebacker Robert Ayers.
The Giants offense continued by signing the former Denver Broncos'tight end Robert Ayers.
The Giants offense continued by signing former NFL Denver Broncos'tight end Robert Ayers.
The Giants offense continued by signing former - Denver - Broncos tight end Robert Ayers.
Carbohydrates that are slowly rotting our brains.
Carbohydrates that we are rotting our brains.
Carbohydrates are already rotting in our brains.
Carbohydrates are now slowly rotting our brains.
Carbohydrates, that are rotting our brains.
Several hundred armed rebels were later surrendered to the Syrian forces.
Several armed rebels fighters were later surrendered to the Syrian forces.
Several hundred armed rebels later surrendered to the advancing Syrian forces.
Several armed rebels surrendered to the now rapidly advancing Syrian forces.
Several armed rebels surrendered peacefully, to the advancing Syrian forces.
Romola wants to play but she most likely can't.
Romo wants to go make play, but likely can't.
Romolo wants me to play but he likely can't.
Romo wants to make play, too but likely can't.
Romo wants to play, but he most likely can't.
Jeffery Bezos is buying the New Washington Post for US $ $ 250 million.
Jeff Bezos LLC. is buying up the Washington Post Group for $ 250 million.
Jeff Bezos LLC is buying the daily Washington Post newspaper for $ $ 250 million.
Jeff Bezos is buying the New Washington Post newspaper for US $ $ 250 million.
Jeff Bezos is buying the Washington Evening - Herald Post for $ $ 250 million.
India successfully launched with its first navigation satellite.
India successfully was launched with its navigation satellite.
India has also successfully launched its navigation satellite.
India successfully and successfully launched its navigation satellite.
India has successfully successfully launched its navigation satellite.
A holdup fire was reported in the immediate immediate vicinity south of the Washington Navy Yard.
A second holdup was reported in the immediate vicinity of midnight at the Washington Navy Yard.
A holdup was reported in the immediate immediate immediate vicinity of the Washington National Navy Yard.
A small holdup fire was reported in the immediate vicinity of the George Washington Navy Yard.
A possible second holdup was reported in the immediate vicinity south of the Washington Navy Yard.
A local Ventura County sheriff's deputy shot dead a stray dog in Fillmore.
A Ventura County deputy sheriff's deputy shot during a dogfight in Fillmore.
A former Ventura County sheriff's deputy shot a dogfight scene in Fillmore.
A Ventura County sheriff's deputy deputy later shot dead a dog in Fillmore.
A former Ventura County sheriff's department deputy later shot a dog in Fillmore.
Teaching leaders are now descending heavily on Wellington.
Teaching school leaders are now descending on Wellington.
Teaching leaders who are descending are on Wellington.
Teaching leaders who are descending are on Wellington.
Teaching leaders who are descending are on Wellington.
Reverse cell number based search for college students is also also launched online.
Reverse cell phone number based online search for college students is launched online.
Reverse cell number, search engine for college students, is launched online.
Reverse cell number search for college students, is also being launched online.
Reverse - cell number search for college students, is also launched online.
Three other men were arrested after allegedly starting a fight.
Three men arrested were also arrested immediately after a fight.
Three men were arrested shortly thereafter after starting a fight.
Three men arrested were also arrested, after a fight.
Three men arrested were arrested after starting up a fight.
The government will also review about what the need for to send students to Egypt.
The government will review the need not to directly send any foreign students to Egypt.
The government will also review the urgent need to send students back home to Egypt.
The government will review all the urgent urgent need to help send students to Egypt.
The new Egyptian government will review on the urgent need to send students to Egypt.
The Chicago Fire would have acquired goalkeeper Benji Joya, winning in a weighted lottery.
The Chicago Fire would likely have also acquired Benjie Joya in a weighted lottery.
The Chicago Fire also would have acquired goalkeeper, Benji Joya in a weighted lottery.
The Chicago Fire have recently also acquired goalkeeper Benjie Joya in a weighted lottery.
The expansion Chicago Chicago Fire have acquired Benji Joya, in using a weighted lottery.
Midlands Regional Air Ambulance has bought its very own first helicopter.
Midlands Air Air and Ambulance Service has bought its first helicopter.
Midlands Regional Air Air Ambulance has bought out its first helicopter.
Midlands Air Air Ambulance Ltd has bought out its first helicopter.
Midlands Regional Air Ambulance Ambulance Service has bought its first helicopter.
A brand - new £. $ 1 coin is to be introduced in 2017.
A new £. $ 1 coinage is to be first introduced in 2017.
A new £ 1 coin slot system is to be later also introduced in 2017.
A brand new £. 1 coin is to later also be introduced in 2017.
A brand new brand new £ 1 coin is to be also introduced in 2017.
The former ex - wife of and a former Iowa - state investment broker could pay back no more than than $ 2 million under a settlement deal.
The former and ex - wife of a former Northern Iowa investment broker could pay back more than $. 2 - million owed under a settlement deal.
The former ex - con and wife of a former Iowa investment broker could pay him back more than $ 2 million, under a cash settlement deal.
The wealthy ex - wife of a wealthy, former Iowa investment - broker could pay back more than US $ 2 million annually under a settlement deal.
The exo - wife of a former Iowa City - Iowa based investment banking broker could pay back more than $ 2 million under a settlement deal.
The following calendar year 2014 has already broken one national tornado tornado record.
The year of 2014 has also already already broken one national tornado record.
The year 2014, he has already broken only one national tornado record.
The year 2014 has already broken only one other major national tornado record.
The same year 2014 he also has already broken one national tornado record.
Steel, cement companies will pay for building their own captive underground coal blocks.
Steel, cement and companies, will pay for all their captive coal blocks.
Steel, including cement manufacturing companies, will pay for their captive coal blocks.
Steel, cement and companies that will pay for their captive underground coal blocks.
Steel, Portland cement and companies will also pay for their captive coal blocks.
Donte Whitner believes that his sidekick can only play through anything.
Donte Whitner also believes his new sidekick can play through anything.
Dontey Whitner believes that his creative side can play through anything.
Dontek Whitner believes that his creative side can play through anything.
Donte Whitner also believes his sidekick can play him through anything.
A new Tina - Tina - Fey produced musical comedy has gotten a series commitment from Fox.
A new Tina - Fey produced comedy has gotten him a full series production commitment from Fox.
A Tina - Fey produced comedy has also gotten a series regular production commitment, from Fox.
A Tina - Fey produced situation comedy pilot has also gotten a full series commitment from Fox.
A new Tina - Fey produced situation comedy has gotten a series A commitment letter from Fox.
Amec, to which it has, has agreed to take over from Foster Wheeler.
Amec, which has, or has, agreed to take over from Foster Wheeler.
Amec, and which has, has agreed not to take over from Foster Wheeler.
Amec, which has,, and has agreed to take control over Foster Wheeler.
Amec, and which has, has agreed to help take control over Foster Wheeler.
Mikey D'Antoni has long since resigned as the head coach of the Los Angeles Lakers.
Mike D'Antoni also has recently resigned as head coach of both of the Los Angeles Lakers.
Mike D'Antoni, has since resigned, as head basketball coach of the Los Angeles Lakers.
Mike D'Antoni has resigned recently as head basketball coach of the NBA Los - Angeles Lakers.
Mike D'Antoni has resigned as the former head coach emeritus of both the Los Angeles Lakers.
Shreveport police also seek suspects involved directly in shots fired incident.
Shreveport city police seek out suspects involved in shots fired incident.
Shreveport city police seek - out suspects in shots fired incident.
Shreveport police also seek suspects involved directly in shots fired incident.
Shreveport police officers often seek out suspects in shots fired incident.
China, also will safeguard national food security.
China, also will safeguard national food security.
China will also safeguards national food security.
China will also safeguard national and food security.
China will safeguard its national and food security.
Barack - Obama has often surprised visitors at the White House, even as tours resumed.
Barack Obama - Obama surprised visitors at the Obama White House, as the tours resumed.
Barack Obama also surprised visitors at visiting the White House, as soon the tours resumed.
Barack - Obama Obama had surprised visitors back at the White House, as tours resumed.
Barack - Obama also surprised visitors at visiting the Obama White House, as tours resumed.
Captains Thursday welcomed and they said that Italy needs foreign backers.
Captain Thursday was welcomed, and said Italy still needs foreign backers.
Captain Thursday welcomed and he also said Italy still needs foreign backers.
Captain said Thursday welcomed and then he said Italy needs foreign backers.
Captain Thursday was warmly welcomed and said that Italy needs foreign backers.
The official statement made of the Russian Ambassador is vulgar, sometimes even rude and humiliating.
The official statement of the former Deputy Russian Ambassador is vulgar, rude, and humiliating.
The official press statement of the former Russian Federal Ambassador is vulgar, rude and humiliating.
The official statement made of the Russian Deputy Federal Ambassador is vulgar, rude and humiliating.
The statement of the Russian Deputy Federal Ambassador is vulgar, rude, insulting and humiliating.
Iran plans also to release separate drug - smuggling prisoners.
Iran plans to release separate drug and - smuggling prisoners.
Iran plans not even to separate its drug smuggling prisoners.
Iran plans to also illegally release separate drug smuggling prisoners.
Iran plans also to separate all the drug smuggling prisoners.
The withdrawal of the pre 2004 - 2005 notes is not intended only to double check black money.
The withdrawal of pre - 2005 notes is not necessarily intended only as to double check black money.
The subsequent withdrawal of almost all the pre - 2005 notes is not intended to check black money.
The withdrawal of the pre - November 2005 notes, is not intended only to check black money.
The withdrawals mechanism of pre - 2005 bank notes is also not intended to check black money.
A man missing almost overnight has also been found alive on to the Ilkley Moor.
A man missing almost overnight has been recently found found alive, on Ilkley Moor.
A man reported missing overnight has also been recently found alive on the Ilkley Moor.
A man, missing overnight, has been found alive on to the Ilkley Moor.
A man reported missing almost overnight has been found, alive, on Ilkley Moor.
Maruti Suzuki also has posted 6 % sales growth rate in July.
Maruti Suzuki posted 6 % sales and growth rate, in July.
Maruti Suzuki has also posted 6 - % sales growth in July.
Maruti Suzuki posted a 6. % sales growth rate in July.
Maruti Suzuki posted 6 % annual sales growth and growth in July.
Senior journalist, who was honoured.
Senior journalist, who was honoured.
Senior ranking British journalist was honoured.
Senior journalist who died was honoured.
Senior British television journalist was honoured.
Clipstar has raised over $ 1. 7 million.
Clip has since raised $ 1. 5 7 million.
Clipstar has raised $ 1. 5 7 million.
Clipstar has raised over $ 1. 7 million.
Clip has raised over US $ 1. 7 million.
A West Monroe drug maniac who was arrested on a count of an attempted murder.
A West Monroe man who was arrested on one a count indictments of attempted murder.
A West Monroe man was arrested, twice on a single count of an attempted murder.
A young West Monroe black American man was arrested on a single count of attempted murder.
A West Monroe black American man was arrested twice on a single count of attempted murder.
CRISTIANO and Ronaldo both ruled out a possible return to Manchester United on.
CRISTIANO Ronaldo ruled out a possible early return trip to Manchester United on.
CRISTIANO and Ronaldo ruled it out a return to Manchester City United on.
CRISTIANO Ronaldo ruled out having a return trip to see Manchester United on.
CRISTIANO Ronaldo who has ruled out a return to take Manchester United on.
New - Found Glory has since fired both its guitarist and songwriter.
New Found Glory has fired its former lead guitarist, and songwriter.
New Found Glory has fired off both its guitarists and songwriter.
New Found New Glory has fired all its guitarists and songwriter.
New Found Glory has fired both of its guitarists and songwriter.
Anhui will cooperate with provinces located in Yangtze River and Danube Delta region in making laws.
Anhui will cooperate with provinces located in Yangtze and Riverine Delta in the making laws.
Anhui will also cooperate closely with the provinces located in Yangtze River Delta in making laws.
Anhui provincial province will cooperate more closely with provinces in Yangtze River Delta in making laws.
Anhui will also cooperate closely with provinces in Yangtze River Delta and region in making laws.
Google will provide for free Wi - - Fi access in Garfield Park, and the adjacent South Shore Park Cultural Center.
Google will provide free free Wi - - Fi access in both the Garfield Square Park and the South Shore Cultural Center.
Google will provide free free Wi - - - Fi access services in Garfield Park and the South Shore Park Cultural Center.
Google will also provide for free Wi - - Fi access in Garfield Park and the adjacent Chicago South Shore Cultural Center.
Google will provide free Wi - Fi - Fi access both in Garfield Park and the nearby South Jersey Shore Cultural Center.
Brendan Brendan - Rodgers has also claimed Luis Suarez is an easy target.
Brendan Rodgers has also once claimed Luis Suarez, is an easy target.
Brendan Rodgers has claimed repeatedly that José Luis Suarez is an easy target.
Brendan Rodgers has also publicly claimed that Luis Suarez is an easy target.
Brendan Rodgers also has claimed Luisa Suarez is not an easy target.
Jonah Hill, Titanic and Leonardo DiCaprio re re - enacted from Titanic.
Jonah Hill, and Leonardo DiCaprio re re - enacted scenes from Titanic.
Jonah Hill, and Leonardo DiCaprio re - enacted enacted scenes from Titanic.
Jonah Hill, and Leonardo DiCaprio re - appear enacted scenes from Titanic.
Jonah - Hill, and Leonardo - DiCaprio re - enacted from Titanic.
Artemis will be now looking forward to bring external teams together to launch their new products.
Artemisia will be looking to bring external teams to help launch the brand new products.
Artemisia will also be looking forward to bring external teams to launch the new products.
Artemisia will also now be looking to help bring external teams to launch new products.
Artemis will be actively looking to bring external research teams together and to launch new products.
The reunited Jonas Brothers have also canceled out their tour due to what's being called a potentially, very deep rift with the band.
The Jonas Brothers Brothers have since canceled their tour due largely to what's being considered called a deep personal rift with both the band.
The reunited Jonas - Brothers Jonas Brothers have canceled their tour due to what's being called a deep rift still associated with the band.
The original Jonas Brothers would also have canceled their tour due to having what's being called a very deep rift with both the band.
The Jonas Brothers have since canceled all of their European tour dates due to what's being considered called a deep rift with the band.
A national Chinese industrial manufacturing index had also fell to the lowest level in seven months.
A major Chinese manufacturing price index also fell to the second lowest level in seven months.
A Chinese manufacturing index fell back to it, being the lowest level in seven months.
A major January 2010 Chinese manufacturing index fell to be the lowest level in seven months.
A Chinese industrial manufacturing index had also fell to be the lowest level in seven months.
My own online loan approves of any one and everybody.
My new online loan approves loans of any and everybody.
My online loan approves of almost any one and everybody.
My new online loaning service approves any and everybody.
My new online bank loan approves any, and everybody.
Narendra Modi will also personally address four major rallies in Chhattisgarh.
Narendranath Modi coalition government will address four rallies in Chhattisgarh.
Narendra Modi and government ministers will address four rallies in Chhattisgarh.
Narendranath Modi government will address four major rallies in Chhattisgarh.
Narendra Modi coalition government will address four major rallies in Chhattisgarh.
The current headteacher has been praised for being often not particularly uncompromising in getting rid themselves of weak teachers.
The current headteacher has been widely praised, for being very uncompromising in getting rid of the weak teachers.
The headteacher has been praised widely for being an uncompromising student leader in getting students rid of weak teachers.
The headteacher has been praised for being very uncompromising in getting his students to rid themselves of weak teachers.
The headteacher has been praised for being uncompromising in not not only getting rid of of the weak teachers.
The Al Khaleeji Commercial Bank has also rewarded all its best achievers staff.
The Al Khaleeji Commercial Bank has rewarded " all its best achievers staff.
The Khaleeji Commercial Bank has rewarded all its " best - achievers staff.
The Al Khaleeji National Commercial Bank has been rewarded its best achievers staff.
The Khaleeji Commercial Development Bank, has been rewarded its best achievers staff.
A court issued a summons addressed to the Congress Vice - President Rahul Gandhi, objecting to the defamatory remarks.
A court issued summons to Congress'Vice - President, Rahul Gandhi, objecting him to the defamatory remarks.
A court later issued summons addressed to the Congress Vice President, Rahul Nehru Gandhi, objecting to defamatory remarks.
A high court later issued summons to Congress Vice - President, Rahul Gandhi, objecting him to defamatory remarks.
A court issued summons to Congress Vice - General and President, Rahul Gandhi, objecting him to defamatory remarks.
Greater daily dietary and fibre intakes also is associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease.
Greater human dietary plant fibres intake capacity is associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease.
Greater daily dietary fibre intake is associated with a lower overall overall health risk of cardiovascular disease.
Greater dietary fibre intakes is associated with a lower risk of people developing a cardiovascular disease.
Greater dietary fibres and intake is associated with a lower overall risk of developing cardiovascular disease.
JPMorgan Chase Chase & Co. today pledged to annually, invest US $ US 20 million to help support military veterans and their families.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. today has pledged to invest US $ $ 20½ - million annually to support military veterans and their families.
JPMorgan Chase Chase Chase & Chase Co. today pledged to invest over $ 20 million annually, to support military veterans and their families.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. today pledged funds to annually invest in well over $ 20 million to support military veterans and support their families.
JPMorgan Chase Chase & Co. has today publicly pledged to invest over $ 20 million to support US military veterans and support their families.
All Hwy. 401 lanes now have been reopened entirely in Northumberland.
All Hwy. 401 lanes have long since been reopened in Northumberland.
All Hwy. Route 401 bus lanes have been reopened in Northumberland.
All former Hwy. 401 bus lanes have been reopened in Northumberland.
All Hwy. 401 lanes now closed have been reopened in Northumberland.
No. # 24 Texas Tech earned a clean sweep over Prairie - View Texas A & M.
No. 24 Texas Tech earned a sweep away victory, over Prairie View Texas A & M.
No. 24 Texas Tech earned a sweep and victory over nearby rival Prairie View A & M.
No. 24 Texas - Tech earned a sweep victory over rival Prairie - View A & M.
No. # 24 Texas Tech earned a clean sweep over Prairie - View Texas A & M.
Shabanah Azmi feels violence directed against women should not always be tolerated.
Shabana Azmi also feels violence against women should not simply not be tolerated.
Shabana Azmi feels that violence directed against women should not always be tolerated.
Shabana Azmi feels that violence against Muslim women should simply not be tolerated.
Shabana Azmi also feels violence against women, should it not be tolerated.
The judiciary had just turned it over a new leaf.
The judiciary had turned over a whole whole new leaf.
The judiciary had turned over to a whole new leaf.
The judiciary turned over a whole whole whole new leaf.
The judiciary turned over a whole, whole new leaf.
Vin Diesel has also been confirmed to also play in the film Guardians of the Galaxy.
Vin Diesel has been recently officially confirmed to also play himself in Guardians of the Galaxy.
Vin Diesel has also also recently been confirmed to play himself in Guardians of the Galaxy.
Vin Diesel has also been confirmed not to play as himself in Guardians of the Galaxy.
Vinny Diesel has also been confirmed to play as himself in Guardians of the Galaxy.
Signet and American Jewelers agreed not to buy Zale Corp. for about US $ 690 million.
Signet Group Holdings and Jewelers agreed to buy Zale Corp. for about US $ 690 million.
Signet and Jewelers agreed, to buy the Zale Corp., for about $ 690 million.
Signet and Jewelers International agreed mutually not to buy Zale Corp. for about $ 690 million.
Signet and Jewelers agreed to buy Zalek International Corp. for about $ $ 690 million.
A Jefferson County corrections and services department officer has been arrested.
A Jefferson - Davis County corrections officer has also been arrested.
A Jefferson Davis County corrections officer and officer has been arrested.
A single former Jefferson Davis County corrections officer has been arrested.
A Jefferson Davis County corrections officer has also also been arrested.
American TV Network News and News Appliance plans to close.
American TV Network and the Appliance Group plans to close.
American TV Network and Appliance plans were forced to close.
American TVs and Home Appliance plans were to close.
American TV Group and Appliance Group plans not to close.
Ronnie Johnson will transfer back away from Purdue.
Ronnie Johnson, will also transfer from Purdue.
Ronnie Johnson will also transfer away from Purdue.
Ronnie Johnson, will transfer away from Purdue.
Ronnie Lee Johnson will transfer away from Purdue.
Panettiere, has put planning her own wedding on hold.
Panettiere has already put her own wedding plans on hold.
Panettiere has already officially officially put her wedding on hold.
Panettiere, who also has put her wedding on hold.
Panettiere has put her own wedding night plans on hold.
Cate Blanchett has been twice nominated for nearly twice a Golden Globe.
Cate Blanchett herself has been twice nominated for a second Golden Globe.
Cate Blanchett also has been twice nominated twice for a Golden Globe.
Cate - Blanchett also has twice been nominated for a Golden Globe.
Cate Blanchett has been also twice nominated twice for a Golden Globe.
European luxury equities will look all set to open today.
European luxury equities will look all set to open today.
European Renaissance Renaissance equities will look set to open today.
European Renaissance equities look set to be wide open today.
European equities look like all set to be open today.
The annual grants for local bodies should also also be doubled.
The annual grants for local bodies should also not be doubled.
The grants for local government bodies, also should be doubled.
The grants made for by the local bodies should be doubled.
The grants made for local government bodies should also be doubled.
I said, Oh God I just love wearing these shoes.
I just said, Oh God I just love these shoes.
I just said, God, I love wearing these shoes.
I just said, God, I love wearing these shoes.
I said, Dear, God I do love these shoes.
Older African Americans are also increasingly being increasingly targeted by financial scammers.
Older Americans are also increasingly increasingly increasingly being targeted by financial scammers.
Older Americans are also seen increasingly being targeted more by financial scammers.
Older African Americans themselves are increasingly increasingly being targeted by financial scammers.
Older Americans are also increasingly being increasingly increasingly targeted by financial scammers.
A second time MAN was stabbed kicked him in the head.
A MAN agent was stabbed and kicked in in the head.
A MANK member was stabbed and kicked in the head.
A second MAN was stabbed kicked in in to the head.
A MAN was also stabbed kicked twice, in the head.
Surplus food will be also made freely available online to residents.
Surplus snack food will be also made freely available to residents.
Surplus food will be made available online only, to residents.
Surplus food will be soon also made available locally to residents.
Surplus free food will be also also made available to residents.
Ebay and attorney Carl Icahn have now officially settled their proxy fight.
Ebay and state attorney general Carl Icahn have settled their proxy fight.
Ebay and Carl Icahns have now settled their own proxy fight.
Ebay and Carl Icahns have now settled on their proxy fight.
Ebay and Carl Icahn have settled their own personal, proxy fight.
Surface cargo trade, declined 1½ % in June.
Surface cargo trade, which declined 1 % in June.
Surface trade, declined 1 % beginning late in June.
Surface cargo trade, declined 1 % beginning in June.
Surface trade, declined by 1 %, in June.
Angela Merkel has been injured, twice, while skiing in Switzerland.
Angela Merkel has also reportedly been injured while snow skiing in Switzerland.
Angela Maria von Merkel, has been injured while skiing in Switzerland.
Angela Merkel has been injured twice while water skiing while in Switzerland.
Angela Merkelmann has been injured twice while water skiing in Switzerland.
Abraham - Lincoln also captured its first PSAL football championship.
Abraham Lincoln captured its first - ever PSAL football championship.
Abraham Lincoln also captured Texas its first PSAL football championship.
Abraham Abraham Lincoln captured also its first PSAL football championship.
Abraham Lincoln also captured its PSAL state championship football championship.
A woman was allegedly threatened live - in her boyfriends home with a knife because he had refused to cuddle.
A pregnant young woman allegedly had threatened live live - in boyfriend with a knife because he had refused to cuddle.
A woman who was allegedly threatened live - - in boyfriend with using a knife because he refused her to cuddle.
A young woman, who allegedly threatened live - - in boyfriend with using a knife because he refused to cuddle.
A woman allegedly threatened live - - in boyfriend with a kitchen knife, because he refused her permission to cuddle.
Remains were found in the search party, for being from a boy snatched by a crocodile.
Remains missing were found in the subsequent search, for a boy snatched away by a crocodile.
Remains were found in the subsequent search for a boy, and snatched away by a crocodile.
Remains were found in during the police search, for a boy snatched away by a crocodile.
Remains that were later found in the search for was a boy snatched by " a crocodile.
The Christmas Pearls will also be film in South Carolina.
The film Christmas Pearl will film entirely in rural South Carolina.
The Christmas Song of Pearl will also film in South Carolina.
The Christmas Pearl will film primarily in rural rural South Carolina.
The Christmas Song of Pearl will also film in South Carolina.
Christchurch'city police are commending a suspected rape victim.
Christchurch police officers who are commending a suspected rape victim.
Christchurch police are also commending on killing a rape victim.
Christchurch police officers who are not commending a rape victim.
Christchurch police officers are also seen commending a rape victim.
10. Scotty McCreery will tour Australia again in 2014.
10 Scotty McCreery will tour in Australia starting in 2014.
10 Scotty and McCreery will also on tour in 2014.
10 Scotty & McCreery Band will also tour in 2014.
10 Scotty McCreery Band will be also tour in 2014.
The Denver Broncos also have added Von Millers to join their 2017 active roster.
The Denver Broncos have added quarterback Von Miller to join their final 2017 active roster.
The 2017 Denver Broncos have also added Vonny Miller to to their active roster.
The 2017 Denver Broncos and Broncos have added Vonny Miller to their active roster.
The Denver Broncos also may have added quarterback, Von Miller to their active roster.
David Cameron today has met with Manmohan Singh Singh the focus was more on trade ties with.
David Cameron today met with Indian President Manmohan Singh the main focus was on trade ties with.
David Cameron, who today met with Manmohan Singh and the focus was on trade ties with.
David Cameron today met with Manmohan Singh Singh the focus was more on establishing trade ties with.
David David Cameron today met Manmohan Singh the focus was on him establishing strong trade ties with.
The South Texas State Senate has passed the first strict abortion bill.
The Texas State Senate bill also has passed the strict abortion bill.
The Texas State Senate has passed only the first strict abortion bill.
The entire West Texas Senate has passed only the strict abortion bill.
The Texas Senate has passed only the slightly stricter abortion bill.
Economic experts have also called for enacting new laws, that incriminate hard currency trafficking.
Economic experts and development experts called for enacting new laws that incriminate hard currency trafficking.
Economic experts called for proposals for enacting new immigration laws that incriminate hard currency trafficking.
Economic and development experts called for legislation enacting new laws that incriminate hard currency trafficking.
Economic experts called for for enacting new immigration laws that incriminate hard - currency trafficking.
The new European Commission raised its forecasts about significantly increasing the growth in Bulgaria.
The European Commission has raised up to its forecast about increasing the growth in Bulgaria.
The European Union Economic Commission has raised its forecast about the growth rate in Bulgaria.
The new European Commission also raised up its own forecast about the growth in Bulgaria.
The Western European Commission has also raised its forecast about the economic growth in Bulgaria.
Grand - Rapids Community Community College will close down its men and the women tennis programs.
Grand - Grand Rapids Community College will close its junior men and the women tennis programs.
Grand Rapids Community College will very soon, also close its men and women tennis programs.
Grand Rapids Area Community College District will close down its men tennis and women tennis programs.
Grand - Rapids Community College will close down its men and the women varsity tennis programs.
Bubba later makes recovery.
Bubba later makes recovery.
Bubba later makes recovery.
Bubba later makes recovery.
Bubba later makes recovery.
Controversies don't affect even her family.
Controversies that do affect both her family.
Controversies don't just affect her family.
Controversies do affect her both her family.
Controversies that do affect both her family.
A pedestrian driver killed by a passing train, was identified.
A pedestrian killed by a sudden passing freight train was identified.
A female pedestrian killed by hitting a freight train was identified.
A pedestrian killed by a passing freight train, was identified.
A young female pedestrian killed by a passing train was identified.
Loan poor credit no more than telecheck or teletrack no more fax no phone call been ever transformed down.
Loan poor credit, have no telecheck or teletrack no phone fax no phone call has been transformed down.
Loan poorer credit no more telecheck, or teletrack, no more fax no call been transformed down.
Loan poor credit, no telecheck or teletrack no fax no phone call has it ever been transformed down.
Loan poor phone credit, no telecheck, or teletrack no missed fax, no call been transformed down.
Kris Jenner has claimed she personally produced the Kanye West proposal submitted almost directly to Kim Kardashian.
Kris Jennert, has also claimed that she produced the Kanye West proposal to Kim Kardashian.
Kris Jenner has also publicly claimed she produced the very first Kanye West proposal to Kim Kardashian.
Kris Jenner, has claimed she produced " " the Kanye West proposal " to Kim Kardashian.
Kris Jenner has claimed she " produced " the Kanye West song proposal attributed to Kim Kardashian.
Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini and Samsung Galaxy Mega Mini are getting the Android version 4. 4 KitKat.
Samsung Galaxy S4 S4 - S Mini and Galaxy Mega are getting Android 4. 4 KitKat.
Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini and Galaxy S5 Mega are getting the Android version 4. 4 KitKat.
Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini and Samsung Galaxy Galaxy Mega are also now getting Android 4. 4 KitKat.
Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini and Galaxy Mega Mini are now also getting Android version 4. 4 KitKat.
AnastasiaDatel has implemented new technology improvements to its highly esteemed website.
AnastasiaDate has also implemented new improvements to its already highly esteemed website.
AnastasiaDate has implemented new improvements made to improve its highly esteemed website.
AnastasiaDate has implemented new technology improvements to improve its highly esteemed website.
AnastasiaDate implemented several major new improvements to its already highly esteemed website.
The entire Vampire Diaries series is back tonight.
The Vampire Vampire Diaries is coming back tonight.
The Vampire Vampire Diaries series is back tonight.
The Vampire Diaries series is coming back tonight.
The Vampire Vampire Diaries is coming back tonight.
A rape suspect also, was escorted away out of court.
A suspected rape suspect also was escorted out out of court.
A rape victim suspect was also escorted away out of court.
A rape suspect was also seen being escorted out of court.
A rape suspect was also escorted out out front of court.
Wine and beer meant beer fanatics had a chance, not just to raise money for a good cause.
Wine and beer fanatics had had a good chance, to raise enough money for such a good cause.
Winemakers and root beer fanatics never had a chance to raise enough money for such a good cause.
Wine and beer fanatics had had a very good chance to help raise money, for a good cause.
Winemakers, and beer fanatics had a chance, to raise their money for a very good cause.
Xenos has released yet a new album.
Xenos also recently has released new album.
Xenos itself also has released new album.
Xenos also recently has released new album.
Xenos also has recently released new album.
Barack Obama has urged Americans everywhere worldwide to continue to live our lives.
Barack Obama has urged Americans everywhere worldwide to continue to live our lives.
Barack Obama has urged Americans everywhere to continue to help live our lives.
Barack Obama - Obama urged Americans to continue and to live our lives.
Barack - Obama urged Americans to : continue to live in our lives.
WWE wrestler Darren Young also has also also come out gay.
WWE wrestler Darren Patrick Young also has come - out gay.
WWE professional wrestler, Darren Young has come - out gay.
WWE professional wrestler Darren Patrick - Young has come out gay.
WWE wrestler, Darren Young, has also come out gay.
Several other mailboxes that were also broken into in Oro Valley.
Several mailboxes also were found broken into pieces in Oro Valley.
Several mailboxes that were broken down into in the Oro Valley.
Several hundred mailboxes were broken into in the nearby Oro Valley.
Several hundred mailboxes were broken into pieces in the Oro Valley.
A new Sydney school project, aimed at training refugees as bakers, writes.
A Sydney project aimed at further the training of refugees as bakers, writes.
A brand - new Sydney project aimed at training refugees as bakers, writes.
A Sydney project, aimed at further training refugees as bread bakers, writes.
A Sydney based project aimed at further training Jewish refugees as bakers, writes.
A Vallejo maniac was also arrested, on suspicion of attempted murder.
A Vallejo County man was arrested on the suspicion of an attempted murder.
A Vallejo man was arrested on suspicion only of an attempted attempted murder.
A very young Vallejo man was arrested on the suspicion of attempted murder.
A Vallejo man was later also arrested, on suspicion of attempted murder.
The Department of Transport is currently gearing it up to commence the civil engineering design of the world first green road.
The Department of Transport is currently gearing it back up to commence engineering design work of the world first green road.
The NSW Departments of Public Transport is gearing up to commence engineering design of building of the first green road.
The Departments of Road and Transport is currently gearing up to commence engineering design of building the first green road.
The Department of Transport is gearing - up plans to commence the engineering design work of the first public green road.
Relativity Media Group has also recently acquired a stake in Downtown Records.
Relativity Media has also acquired half a stakeholding in Downtown Records.
Relativity Media has also most recently acquired a stake in Downtown Records.
Relativity Media has also acquired a stakeholding stake in Downtown Records.
Relativity Media has acquired a majority majority stakeholding in Downtown Records.
Russia also has repeatedly said its Arab ally Syria will ship chemical weapons.
Russia also has said its ally, Syria will ship its chemical weapons.
Russia has said repeatedly that its ally Syria will ship its chemical weapons.
Russia also has said that its ally Syria will ship its chemical weapons.
Russia has also said its ally Syria, will ship its chemical weapons.
Experts called for the adoption of soil and fertility management systems in Africa.
Experts called for adoptions of improved soil fertility management systems in Africa.
Experts called for increasing the adoption rate of soil fertility systems in Africa.
Experts called for for adoptions of soil fertility management systems in Africa.
Experts have also called for adoptions of soil fertility systems in Africa.
Supportive Singles will all gather here for lunch.
Supportive Singles members will also gather for lunch.
Supportive Singles members will also gather for lunch.
Supportive Singles members will gather here for lunch.
Supportive Singles Club members will gather for lunch.
Temperatures vary that are expected to eventually reach the 90s in Washtenaw County.
Temperatures are not expected yet to reach the 90s in southern Washtenaw County.
Temperatures are expected not to reach into the high 90s in Washtenaw County.
Temperatures are expected to reach the 90s °C in southern coastal Washtenaw County.
Temperatures are expected, but not to reach the 90s in Washtenaw County.
The US domestic economy also grew at a modest low to moderate pace.
The US economy grew steadily at from a modest to a moderate pace.
The US economy grew steadily at a relatively modest low to moderate pace.
The US economy grew steadily, at a modest low to moderate pace.
The US economy grew at only a relatively relatively modest to moderate pace.
Roger Federer told him he will also try a brand new, larger racket.
Roger Federer is told he will try a brand new, much larger racket.
Roger Federer is told he will try building a brand new, larger racket.
Roger - Federer told him he will try building a new, larger racket.
Roger then has Federer told he will try building a new, larger racket.
His team wants him to win for England the Ashes 5 0.
His team also wants to eventually win England the Ashes 5 0.
His new England team now wants to win the Ashes 5 0.
His team also wants him to win the Ashes by 5 0.
His team wants to win back the Ashes by winning 5 0.
PRIVATES : equity's mood is upbeat.
PRIVATE equity's mood here tonight is upbeat.
PRIVATE : equity's mood really is upbeat.
PRIVATE : equity's general mood is upbeat.
PRIVATE equity's more general mood is upbeat.
Auckland Nines post - match match interview.
Auckland Nines, post - match interview.
Auckland Rugby Nines post - match interview.
Auckland Rugby Nines post - match interview.
Auckland Nines post - - match interview.
TransLink has since also been delayed out of the Compass Card system.
TransLink has been delayed out of the already existing Compass Card system.
TransLink Transit Authority has delayed outgrading of the Compass Card system.
TransLink Canada has delayed out of and funding the Compass Card system.
TransLink has been delayed moving out of the existing Compass Card system.
Dennis Farina, now just a cop, has died.
Dennis Farina, by now a cop, has died.
Dennis Farina, a cop, and who has died.
Dennis Farina, also a former cop, has died.
Denniso Farina, now a cop, has died.
Sale of layered chicken has been banned outright, in Srinagar.
Sale of layered chicken has also also been banned in Srinagar.
Salement of thin layer chicken has been strictly banned in Srinagar.
Sale of layer chicken has also been declared banned outright in Srinagar.
Salement of layered chicken has been strictly banned in Srinagar.
Barber also visited Afghanistan.
Barber also visited Afghanistan.
Barber also visited Afghanistan.
Barber also visited Afghanistan.
Barber also visited Afghanistan.
A young Israeli Arab Jewish man was stabbed in Jerusalem.
A Israeli man who was stabbed dead died in Jerusalem.
A Israeli man was reportedly also found stabbed in Jerusalem.
A Israeli - born Arab man was stabbed in Jerusalem.
A young young Israeli Arab man was stabbed in Jerusalem.
Manny Ramirez, and the starting quarterback Carlos Alberto Zambrano are hoping to continue their careers.
Manny Ramirez, and starting Carlos and Zambrano, are hoping to both continue their careers.
Manny Ramirez and the starting Carlos Zambrano are hoping to continue on with both their careers.
Manny Ramirez and the starting quarterback Carlos Zambrano are hoping again to help continue their careers.
Manny, Ramirez, and starting manager Carlos Zambrano are hoping to help continue their careers.
Gold futures also marked their first money gain in all three sessions.
Gold futures also marked their first gainer in all three sessions.
Gold Coast futures marked them with their first gain in three sessions.
Gold Rush futures marked their first big money gain in three sessions.
Goldsmith had futures marked for their first gain in three sessions.
Royal Dutch - Shell Australia plc was selling its 870 Australian oilfield service stations.
Royal Dutch Dutch Shell International plc, which was selling its 870 Australian service stations.
Royal Dutch - Dutch Shell plc, was selling off its 870 Australian service stations.
Royal Dutch - Dutch Shell plc was selling its 870 million in Australian service stations.
Royal Dutch Dutch Shell Group plc was also selling its 870 million Australian service stations.
A woman was tied up, beaten and held as hostage at gunpoint during a home invasion.
A woman who was tied up, beaten and held hostage at gunpoint during a home invasion.
A woman who escaped was found tied up and being held at gunpoint during a home invasion.
A woman was tied up, and held at gunpoint, during planning a planned home invasion.
A woman was found tied up and held at gunpoint, during planning a planned home invasion.
A migrant boat capsized somewhere between southernmost Sicily and Tunisia.
A large migrant cargo boat capsized between northern Sicily and Tunisia.
A migrant boat has capsized somewhere between Sicily, and Tunisia.
A migrant cargo boat was capsized between Sicily, and Tunisia.
A migrant boat route has capsized shipping between Sicily and Tunisia.
Serbia's Aleksandar Nikola Vucic spoke in Germany, Vucic also highlighted the important economic role models of investors present in Serbia.
Serbia's Aleksandar Vucic spoke in Germany, Vucic also highlighted the very important economic role of investors abroad and in Serbia.
Serbia's Aleksandar Vucic spoke in Germany, Vucic highlighted the important economic role models made of foreign investors investing in Serbia.
Serbia's President Aleksandar Vucic spoke in Berlin Germany, Vucic highlighted as also the important role model of investors in Serbia.
Serbia's President Aleksandar Peter Nikolaevich Vucic spoke in Germany, Vucic highlighted the important economic role of investors in Serbia.
Hong Kong will destroy most of all its - already - huge stockpile of confiscated illegal ivory.
Hong Kong will destroy most of all its already huge stockpiles of confiscated and illegal ivory.
Hong Kong - Kong will destroy most of all its huge illegal stockpile of confiscated illegal ivory.
Hong Kong will destroy most of its already - huge international stockpile of confiscated and illegal ivory.
Hong - Kong Police will destroy most of its huge illegal stockpile of confiscated and illegal ivory.
Cortland, The former New York Jets will return home games to SUNY Cortland.
Cortland, The former Eastern New York Fighting Jets will return to SUNY Cortland.
Cortland, The New - York Jets, will return home to SUNY Cortland.
Cortland, Georgia The former champion New York Jets will return to SUNY Cortland.
Cortland, The New - York Jets, will not return to SUNY Cortland.
Tiago Ilorini would prefer to play Portugal for Team Portugal over England.
Tiago Ilori would prefer him not to also play for Portugal over England.
Tiago de'Ilorini would prefer to play for Portugal over England.
Tiago Ilorini also would prefer to not play for Portugal over England.
Tiago Ilori would prefer to only play once for the Portugal over England.
Morgan Stanley analyst, David Lee Lewis maintained on Johnson & Lyndon Johnson that as of 2014 looks promising.
Morgan Stanley analyst David Lee Lewis, has maintained on Johnson & Johnson that even as 2014 looks promising.
Morgan - Stanley football analyst, David Lewis, maintained on Johnson & Johnson as 2014 season looks promising.
Morgan - Stanley analyst David Lewis maintained on Johnson Johnson & Johnson as if 2014 season still looks promising.
Morgan - Stanley analyst David Lewis maintained on Johnson & " Johnson as 2014 season " " looks promising.
Los Angeles County Silver Dodgers signed Cuban prospect, Alexander Guerrero.
Los Angeles County Dodgers signed a Cuban prospect, Alexander Guerrero.
Los Angeles Dodgers have also recently signed Cuban prospect Alexander Guerrero.
Los Los Angeles Dodgers signed Cuban baseball prospect, Alexander Guerrero.
Los Angeles Angeles County Dodgers signed Cuban baseball prospect Alexander Guerrero.
Tata DoCoMo has launched a brand brand - new campaign.
Tata - based company DoCoMo has launched a new campaign.
Tata - DoCoMo has launched a brand brand new campaign.
Tata DoCoMo India has also launched a brand new campaign.
Tata DoCoMo India has also recently launched a new campaign.
PMC - Sierra Inc, Inc also posted a loss.
PMC - 1 Sierra Inc, posted as a loss.
PMC - Sierra, USA Inc, posted a loss.
PMC - Sierra Inc, was posted as a loss.
PMC - Sierra Inc, was posted as a loss.
The Woodrow - Wilson Wilson Library, which will close for renovation.
The Woodrow Wilson Library, will also soon be close for renovation.
The Woodrow Wilson Memorial Library, which will close soon for renovation.
The Woodrow - Wilson Library, from which will close for renovation.
The Woodrow Wilson Library, which will close when due for renovation.
Shivraj Singh Chouhan, candidate, who won election from Vidisha, has resigned from holding the seat.
Shivrajinder Singh Chouhan, who won from the Vidisha, has since also resigned from the seat.
Shivrajinder Singh Chouhan, who had earlier won from the Vidisha, has resigned from the seat.
Shivraj Singh Chouhan, who previously, had won election from Vidisha, has resigned from the seat.
Shivraj Singh Chouhan, candidate who won from the Vidisha, has resigned himself permanently from the seat.
PNM Resources, Inc. issued an updated annual update based on its FY13 earnings guidance.
PNM Resources Inc. has issued an updated update on all its current FY13 earnings guidance.
PNM Resources Inc., has issued an interim update on its FY135 earnings guidance.
PNM Resources Inc., has issued it an update on its current FY13 earnings guidance.
PNM Resources, Inc. issued an update, based on all its FY13 earnings guidance.
SNL realized later that it's 2014.
SNLB has realized it's 2014.
SNL has realized that it's 2014.
SNL never realized that it's 2014.
SNL has realized that it's 2014.
Food trucks could only be becoming a reality, this summer, in Horry County.
Food trucks that could be a virtual reality this summer in rural rural Horry County.
Food trucks could be becoming a reality this long past hot summer in Horry County.
Food trucks could be a reality show for just this summer picnic in Horry County.
Food delivery trucks could only be a reality, this summer, in Horry County.
A man who was arrested, after threatening to physically kill his girlfriend.
A man who was arrested after allegedly threatening to kill off his girlfriend.
A man who was arrested, after threatening him to kill his girlfriend.
A man who was arrested after threatening to physically physically kill his girlfriend.
A man was arrested, after allegedly repeatedly threatening to kill his girlfriend.
Governor, Nikki Haley has since kicked off her re - election election campaign.
Governor Nikki Haley has kicked off with only half her re - election campaign.
Governor Nikki Haley has since kicked off of running her re - election campaign.
Governor Nikki Haley has kicked off negotiations with her re - - election campaign.
Governor Nikki Haley has since then been kicked off her re - election campaign.
The Shoton festival is also celebrated annually, in Lhasa.
The Shoton festival, which is also celebrated in Lhasa.
The Shoton festival is celebrated only twice annually in Lhasa.
The Shoton festival is also celebrated twice annually in Lhasa.
The annual Shoton tea festival, is celebrated in Lhasa.
A Word of Explosion The Bible's camp concluded.
A Word of Explosion The Bible's camp concluded.
A new Dead Word Explosion'Bible'camp concluded.
A'Word of God Explosion Bible'camp concluded.
A'Word Book of Explosion Bible'camp concluded.
Avengers director, actor Joss Whedon released his own newest film online.
Avengers film director, Joss Whedon released him his newest film online.
Avengers director Joss Whedon has released him his own newest film online.
Avengers film director Joss Whedon released his newest animated short film online.
Avengers director Joss Whedon has released his newest short animated film online.
Liverpool go to finally take the top.
Liverpool will go straight to the top.
Liverpool FC will go to the top.
Liverpool will go to take the top.
Liverpool will go straight to the top.
The touring West - Indies had made a cautious early start to the third Test.
The touring West - Indies made a very cautious start to play the third Test.
The West Indies made a cautious start just prior on to the drawn third Test.
The West - Indies made only a cautious and slow start to the third Test.
The West Indies had made a cautious start prior to winning in the third Test.
Two small Massachusetts banks just about got bigger.
Two small Massachusetts banks just about got bigger.
Two small central Massachusetts area banks got bigger.
Two other small Eastern Massachusetts banks got bigger.
Two small central, Massachusetts banks got bigger.
Asian stock - markets prices were muted.
Asian American American stock markets were muted.
Asian stock - markets lights were muted.
Asian stock - markets prices were muted.
Asian stock markets lights outside were muted.
The British Council launched the two scholarships worth Rs for 270 Indian national university students, is.
The British Council launched scholarships, worth just over Rs for 270 Indian university students, is.
The British Council launched two scholarships, each worth about Rs for 270 Indian students, is.
The British Council launched two scholarships worth Rs 5000 for over 2700 Indian students, is.
The then British Council launched scholarships worth Rs 5000 for 2700 East Indian students, is.
Interscope Geffen A & M Records is to also acquire the remaining, 50 % share of the venture capital capital from Octone Records.
Interscope / Geffen / Texas A & M is to acquire the remaining 50 % share of in the joint venture from Octone Records.
Interscope Geffen AH & M Records is to acquire the remaining 50 % shareholding of all the joint venture from Octone Records.
Interscope Geffen A & M is to also acquire half the remaining, approximately, 50 % share of the venture from Octone Records.
Interscope Geffen A & M Records is to acquire the remaining remaining 50 % of the shareholding of the venture from Octone Records.
Obama has called out for the release date of President Saeed Abedini.
Obama also has repeatedly called for the the release of Saeed Abedini.
Obama has called out for the immediate release date of Saeed Abedini.
Obama has since also called for the release of President Saeed Abedini.
Obama also has called out for the immediate release of Saeed Abedini.
Denver corporate catering quotes, are now available online online at CoffeeServiceNow. com.
Denver corporate catering and industry quotes are also now available at CoffeeServiceNow. com.
Denver area corporate catering and coffee quotes are now available at CoffeeServiceNow. com.
Denver corporate catering and industry management quotes are now available at CoffeeServiceNow. com.
Denver area corporate catering industry quotes are now also available at CoffeeServiceNow. com.
Royal Prince Charles, were, as her brother, Prince Mark Shand, was, laid to rest.
Royal Prince Charles, were, just died as only her brother, Mark Shand was laid to rest.
Royal Crown Prince, Charles, were, as her brother Mark Shand, was laid down to rest.
Royal Prince Charles, they were, as when her brother Mark Shand was laid down, to rest.
Royal Prince, Charles, were, as her younger half brother Mark Shand, was laid to rest.
Cameron Cameron Diaz tweeted out a cover photo dressed - up for her new role as Miss. Hannigan in Annie.
Cameron - Diaz also tweeted out of a photo dressed up for her new role as Miss. Hannigan in Annie.
Cameron Diaz has also tweeted out of a photo dressed for in her role, as Miss. Hannigan in Annie.
Cameron Cameron Diaz tweeted her name out of a photo dressed up for her role as Miss. Hannigan in Annie.
Cameron - Diaz tweeted out a photo dressed - up for her role, as a Miss. Hannigan in Annie.
Marlon the King has denied any dangerous driving.
Marlon Kingman has been denied dangerous driving.
Marlon King has also been denied dangerous driving.
Marlon the King has been denied dangerous driving.
Marlon the King has been denied dangerous driving.
A woman a female Maoist was killed.
A young woman a Maoist was killed.
A woman Maoist political activist was killed.
A young Indian woman Maoist was killed.
A young woman a Maoist was killed.
US military and Indian intelligence officials are meeting to further discuss the possible future invasion of Afghanistan.
US military and Indian intelligence officials are also meeting to further discuss the possible future of Afghanistan.
US and Indian intelligence service officials are meeting again to further discuss the possible future of Afghanistan.
US military and Indian intelligence officials are meeting to discuss on Afghanistan and the future of Afghanistan.
US and also the Indian military intelligence officials are meeting to further discuss the future of Afghanistan.
All top four seeds reached the final last 16 at both of both the UK Championship.
All the top four non - seeds reached into the last 16 at the UK Championship.
All four top - four seeds have reached the last - 16 at the UK Championship.
All top - four top - seeds have reached the last 16 at the UK Championship.
All top - four - seeds reached into the last 16 at the 2011 UK Championship.
Roy Hodgson wants Adnan Januzaj to nail up all his very own colours to the England mast.
Royston - Hodgson also wants Adnan Januzaj to nail his colours to the New England mast.
Roy Hodgson also wants Adnani Januzaj to help nail his colours down to the England mast.
Roy Hodgson wants Captain Adnan Khan Januzaj to nail up his own colours to the England mast.
Roy Hodgson wants Adnan Januzajdari to nail his own colours down to the England mast.
Brendan Rodgers has also called him in for Liverpool greats.
Brendan Rodgers also has been called in many Liverpool greats.
Brendan Paul Rodgers has called him in many Liverpool greats.
Brendan Rodgers also, has called him in Liverpool greats.
Brendan Rodgers, also, has called in Liverpool greats.
Texan troubadour Alejandro Fernández Escovedo performs it live on StageOne Fairfield.
Texan troubadour, Alejandro Escovedo also regularly performs on StageOne Fairfield.
Texan troubadour, Alejandro Escovedo also performs live on StageOne Fairfield.
Texan and troubadour actor Alejandro Escovedo performs regularly on StageOne Fairfield.
Texan and troubadour Alejandro Escovedo performs on the " StageOne Fairfield.
Fratelli Park is opening at 8481 Main St, Ephrata.
Fratelli Theatre is currently opening at # 848 St, Ephrata.
Fratelli is currently opening up shop at 848 St, Ephrata.
Fratelli is opening up at 848 Mains St, Ephrata.
Fratelli Cinema Cinema Cinema is opening at 848 St, Ephrata.
A fellow Russian submarine diver later found he got his arm caught in the open mouth of half a monkfish.
A Russian Navy diver found that he got his right arm caught caught in the mouth of half a monkfish.
A Russian diver found he got his right arm caught in the open mouth of half of the a monkfish.
A young Russian diver later found that he got his arm caught in the mouthpiece of half a monkfish.
A very young Russian diver found he got his arm caught up there in the open mouth of a monkfish.
The trend deciding for rain during half the day is 19, 321 / 5, 729 levels.
The trend deciding for during the day is at the 19, 321 / 5, 729 levels.
The trend rate for deciding for the day is at 19, 321 / 5, 729 levels.
The trend deciding factor for the final day is 19, 321 people / 5, 729 levels.
The current trend deciding for the first day before is 19, 321 / 5, 729 levels.
Erick Frenzel won a Nordic combined combined in World Cup.
Eric Frenzel also won a second Nordic combined combined World Cup.
Erick Frenzel won also a Nordic combined skiing World Cup.
Erick Frenzel won a second Nordic combined skiing World Cup.
Erick Frenzel won a second Nordic combined combined World Cup.
The Fieldbus Foundation has also recently launched a brand new blog, one dedicated to providing more information about its, FOUNDATION technology.
The Fieldbus Foundation has launched a brand new, technology based news and blog dedicated to providing information about its, FOUNDATION technology.
The New Fieldbus Foundation has launched, " a new blog " dedicated solely to providing information about its, new FOUNDATION technology.
The Fieldbust Foundation has launched, " a new blog, " dedicated solely to providing information about its, FOUNDATION technology.
The Fieldbus Foundation website has launched a new brand new blog dedicated to, providing information information about its, new FOUNDATION technology.
Auburn University has cancelled classes due primarily due to to security concerns.
Auburn University has since also cancelled classes due to campus security concerns.
Auburn State University has since also cancelled classes due to security concerns.
Auburn Alabama State Polytechnic University has cancelled classes due to security concerns.
Auburn University students has also cancelled classes due primarily to security concerns.
Amyris has said it has also raised $ US $ 28mn in a private placement.
Amyris has said it has raised $ 28mn investment in a new, private placement.
Amyris said it has already raised $ $ 28mn in a new, private placement.
Amyris said it has since also raised $ $. 28mn in a private placement.
Amyris has said it has already already raised over $ 28mn in a private placement.
The Summer Concerts at the Alden Hall series, will continue.
The annual Summer Concerts at the Mount Alden series will continue.
The Concerts at, and the Alden series, will continue.
The Concerts at the Glen Alden series, 2017 will continue.
The Concerts at, the Alden Hall series, will continue.
WMO has also released also a new El Nino La Nina update.
WMO has released new video game game El Nino La Nina update.
WMOG has released new game El Gran Nino La Nina update.
WMO has released also a new El Gran Nino La Nina update.
WMO has recently also released new game El Nino La Nina update.
Cray Inc. will install its first ever commercial Intel XC30 supercomputer in China.
Cray Inc. will also help help install its first XC30 supercomputer in China.
Cray Inc., will install its first Intel XC30 supercomputer installed in China.
Cray Inc. will installs its very very first XC30 supercomputer in China.
Cray Inc., will also install its very first XC30 supercomputer in China.
An Auburn University graduate student has died, apparently after accidentally jumping from a parking deck.
An Auburn University graduate student who has died, after accidentally jumping from a parking deck.
An Auburn University student has died after jumping from trees under a nearby car parking deck.
An Auburn University graduate student has died shortly after accidentally jumping from under a parking deck.
An injured Auburn University student has died shortly after after jumping from under a parking deck.
David Hicks is appealing now to prove his terror conviction.
David John Hicks is now successfully appealing his terror conviction.
David Hicks is appealing now to prove his terror conviction.
David Hicks is now appealing due to his terror conviction.
David Hicks is now also actively appealing his terror conviction.
Iran will get USD 4. 2 billion out of its previously blocked development funds, in phases.
Iran will get USD 4. 5 2 billion of nearly all its previously blocked funds in phases.
Iran Bank will get about USD 4. 2 billion of its blocked funds, mostly in phases.
Iran will also get USD 4. 5 2 billion of all its blocked funds, in phases.
Iran Bank will get USD 4. 5 - 2 billion of all its blocked funds in phases.
Police are also investigating after a young man who was found unconscious.
Police are investigating, after initially finding a man was found unconscious.
Police officers are investigating after a man who was later found unconscious.
Police are investigating after initially only finding a man was found unconscious.
Police officers are investigating after finding a man who was found unconscious.
Police, arrested in the two cases, of robbery, and illegal collection.
Police, arrested in two separate cases of armed robbery, and illegal collection.
Police, arrested in the two cases of robbery and for the illegal collection.
Police, arrested in the two separate cases of armed robbery and illegal collection.
Police, were arrested in the two separate cases of robbery and illegal collection.
Salesforce. com, CEO and inc. CFO Grahame Smith sold 13, 000 shares.
Salesforce. com, and inc. CFO Graham Smith sold over 13, 000 000 shares.
Salesforce. com, inc., CFO Graham Smith, sold over 13, 000 shares.
Salesforce. com, and inc. CFO Graham Smith sold over $ 13, 000 shares.
Salesforce. com, under inc. CFO Graham Smith, sold 13, 000 000 shares.
Edward Snowden has been twice nominated, again for winning the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize.
Edward Edward Snowden has since also been twice nominated for the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize.
Edward Edward Snowden III has been nominated for both the and 2014 Nobel Peace Prize.
Edward Snowden III has also twice been nominated for both the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize.
Edward Snowden has also been nominated for both and both the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize.
They also had suspended after Erika Zabel had admitted doping.
They also had suspended after Erika Zabel had admitted doping.
They had been suspended after Erik Zabel had publicly admitted doping.
They had been suspended after coach Erik Zabel had admitted doping.
They had suspended after their coach, Erik Zabel admitted doping.
A road rage incident led him to eventually receive a life sentence.
A road rage incident led him to a maximum possible life sentence.
A road rager incident also led to a possible life sentence.
A road - traffic rage incident led him to a life sentence.
A second subsequent road rage incident led to a second life sentence.
Two Michigan police men may have pleaded guilty.
Two Michigan police men have since pleaded guilty.
Two Michigan state police men have pleaded guilty.
Two Michigan men may also have pleaded guilty.
Two Michigan police men have since pleaded guilty.
Tyler Seguine and goaltender Rich Peverley returned and beat out the Boston Bruins in the shootout.
Tyler Seguine and Rich Peverley both returned home and beat the Bruins twice in the shootout.
Tyler Seguin and goaltender, Rich Peverley returned and helped beat off the Bruins in the shootout.
Tyler Seguin and goaltender Rich Peverley both later returned and eventually beat the Bruins in the shootout.
Tyler Seguine and Rich Peverley returned fire and beat the Boston Bruins in winning the shootout.
HS2's chairman, Professor Sir David Higgins will also discuss HS2 issues with Ed Balls.
HS2's deputy chairman Sir David D Higgins will also discuss running HS2 with Ed Balls.
HS2's current deputy chairman Sir David Higgins will discuss running HS2 jointly with Ed Balls.
HS2's chairman Sir David Higgins will now also discuss running HS2 together with Ed Balls.
HS2's chairman Sir David Higginson will also personally discuss HS2 matters with Ed Balls.
Micro - observers units also will be temporarily deployed at highly sensitive polling booths in Tamil Nadu.
Micro - observers units will also be also deployed at sensitive public polling booths in Tamil Nadu.
Micro - level election observers will also be deployed at highly sensitive polling booths in Tamil Nadu.
Micro - observers will be also deployed, daily, at sensitive polling booths in Tamil Nadu.
Micro - large scale observers will be deployed at sensitive public polling booths in central Tamil Nadu.
Durham won their first ever County Championship.
Durham also won both their County Championship.
Durham won also their first County Championship.
Durham won their very first County Championship.
Durham City won all their County Championship.
Oversee. net has sold - off its DomainSponsor business.
Oversee. net has long since sold its DomainSponsor business.
Oversee. net has since sold its entire DomainSponsor business.
Oversee. net has since sold off its DomainSponsor business.
Oversee. net LLC has since sold its DomainSponsor business.
More than a quarter of all of the NHS trusts have been identified as at high risk.
More than a half a quarter of NHS NHS trusts have also been identified as high risk.
More than than a quarter of NHS trusts have been officially officially officially identified as high risk.
More than a very good quarter of NHS trusts have been officially identified as at high risk.
More than half a quarter of NHS trusts have been officially officially officially identified as high risk.
North Korea has threatened to launch a strike against " the communist South Korea " without notice.
North - Korea has also threatened not to launch a strike against South Korea, without notice.
North Korea also has threatened to launch such a missile strike against South - Korea without notice.
North Korea itself has threatened to immediately launch a second nuclear strike against South Korea without notice.
North Korea has threatened not to launch such a nuclear strike against the South Korea without notice.
Retailer sales in volumes fell in August.
Retail retail sales volumes also fell in August.
Retail sales volumes fell very sharply in August.
Retail retail sales volumes also fell in August.
Retailer sales volumes also fell in August.
Marvin Sapp was stalked out by missing fellow Eastern Michigan doctor Teleka Patrick.
Marvin Sapp was stalked around by missing Northern Michigan University doctor Teleka Patrick.
Marvin Sapp was stalked by missing, Eastern - Michigan doctor Teleka Patrick.
Marvin Sapp was stalked around by missing Northern Michigan doctor, Teleka Patrick.
Marvin Lee Sapp was stalked around by missing Michigan doctor, Teleka Patrick.
EE has now added well over half a million new 4G customers in the third quarter.
EE has now added half a - million 4G mobile mobile customers in the third quarter.
EEGA Group has added half of a million 4G customers in the third quarter.
EEG has also added half of a million 4G customers in just the third quarter.
EEG has added half a million 4G mobile mobile customers in just the third quarter.
The last remaining spot, Yadav claimed to earn himself a shot at a bronze - medal match.
The spot, Yadav, claimed only to not earn a shot at winning a bronze medal match.
The spot, Yadav claimed, to earn a perfect shot - put at a bronze medal match.
The spot, Yadav claimed to earn a shot at winning a team Olympic bronze - medal match.
The spot, Yadav, claimed to not earn a clear shot at winning a bronze medal match.
A young young woman was reportedly stabbed just outside the front door.
A woman inside was reportedly found stabbed outside of the front door.
A young black woman who was reportedly stabbed outside the front door.
A woman was also reportedly stabbed outside part of the front door.
A woman was reportedly stabbed outside the Roman Catholic church front door.
A young Rock Hill woman was charged twice more with attempted murder.
A Rockaway - Hill woman was also charged with attempted murder.
A Rockaway Hill woman, was also charged with attempted murder.
A Rock Hill, Lake County woman was charged with attempted murder.
A Rock Hill County woman was charged with an attempted attempted murder.
POLICE suspect 25 shipments of illegal firearms allegedly destined for outlaw bikier gangs and other Middle - Far Eastern based organised crime groups have slipped past customs checks.
POLICE suspect 25 million shipments of illegal and illegal firearms destined primarily for outlaw bikie gangs and other Middle - Eastern organised crime groups have slipped past customs checks.
POLICE suspect that over 25 shipments of illegal foreign manufactured firearms destined for outlaw bikier gangs and Middle Eastern organised crime groups slipped safely past the customs checks.
POLICE suspect 25 shipments of illegal illegal foreign firearms destined for outlawed bikie gangs and Middle Eastern organised crime groups and terrorist terrorist groups slipped past customs checks.
POLICE suspect 25 million US shipments were of illegal firearms that were destined for the outlaw bikie gangs, and Middle Eastern organised crime groups slipped past customs checks.
Private sector academies were also edged out to help produce the top 10 candidate candidates in last year's KCPE results.
Private academies edged it out to produce only half the top 10 candidates resulting in last - year's KCPE results.
Private private - sector academies edged out to help produce the top 10 candidates in last year's national KCPE results.
Private academies were edged out to help help produce all the top 10 % candidates in last year's KCPE results.
Private academies edged out to help produce the top 10 candidates in the last two full - year's KCPE results.
We are also thrilled enough to induct The Ultimate Warrior into both the two WWE Halls of Fame.
We are thrilled today to officially induct The Ultimate Warrior posthumously into the official WWE Halls of Fame.
We are thrilled enough to induct The Ultimate Warrior into and are joining in the WWE Hall of Fame.
We are thrilled to induct : : The First Ultimate Ultimate Warrior into the official WWE Hall of Fame.
We fans are thrilled to induct " The " Ultimate Warrior posthumously into the WWE Sports Hall of Fame.
Both lanes or Route 21 in Charleston County are left back and left open following a large rock slide.
Both lanes or Route 21 in rural North Charleston County are left back - open following a rock slide.
Both lanes or State Highway - Route 21 in southern Charleston County are back open following a rock slide.
Both lanes or State Route 21 in Charleston are back up to open again after following a rock slide.
Both lanes or Route 21 in Charleston are left back - open again, after following a rock slide.
Chinese smugglers dug a top secret tunnel into mainland Hong Kong, media reported.
Chinese smugglers have also dug out a tunnel into Hong Kong, media reported.
Chinese illegal drug smugglers dug a tunnel into mainland Hong Kong, media reported.
Chinese smugglers dug out a secret tunnel leading into Hong Kong, media reported.
Chinese illegal drug smugglers have dug a tunnel into Hong Kong, media reported.
Chess will be also being introduced to schools.
Chess lessons will be introduced back to schools.
Chess will also be introduced later to schools.
Chess lessons will also be introduced to schools.
Chess will also be introduced later to schools.
A wounded man is in serious condition, even after repeatedly being shot multiple times.
A man is in serious condition, even after being accidentally shot at multiple times.
A man is in a serious condition after repeatedly being shot - at multiple times.
A man is in serious serious medical condition after being repeatedly shot at multiple times.
A man is in a serious condition, after repeatedly being shot at multiple times.
Rickets, the very same disease, is making quite a comeback in Britain.
Rickets, the disease, which is only now making a comeback in Britain.
Rickets, from the same disease, is now making a comeback in Britain.
Rickets, the disease, is now making quite a major comeback in Britain.
Rickets, the disease, is also now making quite a comeback in Britain.
MADONNA has also been banned from a Texas independent independent cinema chain.
MADONNALY has been banned outright from a Texas cinema chain.
MADONNA has been officially banned from a single major Texas cinema chain.
MADONNA has been banned from a major Texas independent independent cinema chain.
MADONNAL has been officially banned from running a Texas cinema chain.
Juan Martin Del Potro beat Juan Rafael Rafael Nadal 6, 6 6 in at the Shanghai Masters.
Juan - Martin Del Potro beat Rafael Nadal 6, 6 - 6, in the Shanghai Masters.
Juan Martin Del - Toro Potro beat Rafael Nadal, 6, 6, in the Shanghai Masters.
Juan Martin Del - El Potro beat Rafael Nadal, 6, 6 in at the Shanghai Masters.
Juan Martin - Del - Potro beat Rafael Nadal 6, - 6, in the Shanghai Masters.
Youth can also also make a difference.
Youth sports participation can make a difference.
Youth can make quite quite a difference.
Youth participation can make quite a difference.
Youth participation can make quite a difference.
A train crashed heavily into a car at speed near a crossing in West Oakland Park.
A train car crashed heavily into a car at a crossing - point in Oakland Park.
A train crashed into a parked car at near a grade crossing in West Oakland Park.
A train crashed into a car at a crossing in West Branch Long Branch Oakland Park.
A train crashed down into a car - park located at a crossing in Oakland Park.
Graphic footage shows the moment police shot at and killed a young young man who was charged with using a hammer.
Graphics footage also shows the moment police officers shot him and killed a man who charged him with a hammer.
Graphic footage shows the moment police shot at police and killed a man who was charged with assault with a hammer.
Graphic footage The footage also shows the moment when police shot and killed, a man who charged with a hammer.
Graphic footage shows the moment police officers shot and then killed a man who charged with attempted murder using a hammer.
Indonesia also has plans to open up to its economy.
Indonesia has no plans to open - up its economy.
Indonesia plans not yet to open up to its economy.
Indonesia has plans to open up to develop its economy.
Indonesia has plans not to open - up its economy.
John Travolta may make this his official 2017 Bollywood debut.
John Travolta also, may make this his Bollywood debut.
John John of Travolta Pictures may make his Bollywood debut.
John Travolta Part III may also make his Bollywood debut.
John Travolta, also may make his official Bollywood debut.
SMTP today has announced the imminent closing of a public offering consisting initially only of 1, 600, 000 shares of its common stock.
SMTP today announced also the closing of a new initial public offering of 1, 600, 000 shares worth all of its common stock.
SMTP today announced the impending, public closing of a new public offering of 1, 600, 000 shares of its own common stock.
SMTP today has announced on Facebook the closing of a public offering of 1, 000 600, 000 shares of its own common stock.
SMTP today, has also announced the closing of a public offering of 1, 000 600, 000 new shares of its common stock.
Farhan Akhtar was seen as working at both the launch of the The Lighthouse Project.
Farhan and Akhtar was seen together at the launch launch party of The Lighthouse Project.
Farhan Akhtar was seen at the official launch and launch party of The Lighthouse Project.
Farhan Akhtar was seen at the launch launch party ahead of The New Lighthouse Project.
Farhan Akhtar was seen at at least in the launch party of The Lighthouse Project.
The state's average annual unemployment rate has dropped to 8. 1 percent.
The state's 2010 average unemployment rate dropped to 8. 5 1 percent.
The state's unemployment rate has dropped only slightly to 8. 1 percent.
The state's unemployment rate dropped only slightly to 8. 5 1 percent.
The entire state's unemployment benefit rate dropped to $ 8. 1 percent.
The US top 10 automakers amassed far more more than $ 221 billion annually in cash.
The US top 10 automakers have amassed more than $ 221 billion annually, in cash.
The top - 10 automakers amassed collectively more than $ 221 billion annually, in cash.
The US'top 10 automakers have collectively amassed more than $ 221 billion in cash.
The world top 10 largest automakers amassed more more than than $ 221 billion in cash.
The dead - body of a recently missing hiker, has been found on Mount Tamalpais.
The dead body of a recently missing hiker, has also been found on Mount Tamalpais.
The presumed dead human body of a missing hiker has been found nearby on Mount Tamalpais.
The body bag of a previously missing hiker, has also been found on Mount Tamalpais.
The body of a previously missing young female hiker has been found nearby on Mount Tamalpais.
Russia also has been committed to comply strictly with all the provisions of the International Olympic Charter.
Russia itself has been committed not to comply strictly with the provisions of the International Olympic Charter.
Russia also has committed itself to comply strictly with the provisions of law establishing the Olympic Charter.
Russia has committed to comply strictly with the provisions not currently being required of the Olympic Charter.
Russia has committed to comply strictly with all the other relevant international provisions of the Olympic Charter.
635 million Nigerians have lacked accessibility to potable water.
63 million poor Nigerians have also lacked access to potable water.
63 million poorer rural Nigerians lacked access to potable water.
63 million Nigerians lacked the accessibility necessary to potable water.
63 million rural Nigerians have also lacked access to potable water.
Trace Adkins, will perform live in the Citrus Heights Heights Thursday, Aug. 29.
Tracey Adkins, will perform in the Citrus Heights on Thursday, Aug. 29.
Trace Adkins, will perform live in Citrus Heights and Heights Thursday, Aug. 29.
Tracey Adkins, will perform in at the Citrus Heights Thursday, Aug. 29.
Trace Adkins, who will also also perform in Citrus Heights Thursday, Aug. 29.
A former village council head was shot dead and this left his younger brother injured.
A local former village headman was also found shot dead and his brother injured.
A local former Labour village council headman was shot dead and his brother injured.
A former village village chief head was shot, dead, and his brother injured.
A former village council head was shot shot dead and his younger half brother injured.
The Audi Audi A3 has been voted 2014 World Car Car of Tomorrow of the Year.
The Audi A3 RS Hybrid Hybrid has also been voted 2014 World Car of the Year.
The Audi A3 - S Hybrid has been voted 2014 World Touring Car of the Year.
The Audi A3 has been voted 2014 FIA World Touring Car Championship Driver of the Year.
The Audi A3 RS Hybrid Hybrid has been voted 2014 World Touring Car of the Year.
Trans Adriatic Pipeline consortium, will invite bids for bids for all the proposed construction and works in late 2014.
Trans Adriatic Pipeline consortiums, will invite bids online, for the construction and engineering works in late 2014.
Trans - Adriatic Adriatic Adriatic Pipeline consortium, which will invite bids for the construction and works in late 2014.
Trans Adriatic Pipeline consortium will invite the bid bids online for the proposed construction project and works in late 2014.
Trans Adriatic Pipeline consortium will also invite the bids for for the construction and engineering works in the late 2014.
A young man's body was found under of a downtown overpass.
A man's dead body was found under of a downtown overpass.
A homeless man's dead body found hanging under a downtown overpass.
A homeless man's deadweight body found under a downtown overpass.
A man's body was found under of of a downtown overpass.
Family members of Chillicothe residents Charles appear prominently in both the song and music video.
Family members of Chillicothe residents Charles appear prominently in the first accompanying official music video.
Family of members of Chillicothe residents Charles Brown appear in both in the music video.
Family members of Chillicothe and its residents Charles appear prominently in the accompanying music video.
Family of members of Chillicothe and its former residents Charles appear in the music video.
The Senate of the Autonomous Mexican States US State of New Mexico adopted a joint committee resolution dedicated to Azerbaijan.
The Senate delegations of the US State Department of New Mexico has unanimously adopted a resolution dedicated to Azerbaijan.
The Senate delegation of the US State of Northern New Mexico unanimously adopted unanimously a resolution specifically dedicated to Azerbaijan.
The State Senate of the Autonomous Mexican US Autonomous State of New Mexico adopted a resolution specifically dedicated to Azerbaijan.
The Senate delegation of the US State of Northern New Mexico adopted unanimously, a resolution specifically dedicated to Azerbaijan.
Five people, were killed a plane crashed, just north west of Brisbane.
Five people, were killed a passenger plane which crashed, north of Brisbane.
Five people were also killed a plane crashed, just north west of Brisbane.
Five people were killed killed a plane that crashed, just north of Brisbane.
Five people were killed a passenger cargo plane crashed, north west of Brisbane.
Art Guide To Frame is also pleased to offer them all new and personalized collage frames.
Art To Frame is very pleased, to finally offer all new, personalized collage frames.
Art Tone Frame is pleased enough to offer all new and personalized digital collage frames.
Art To Frame is pleased to offer all the young artists new personalized digital collage frames.
Art Tone Frame is pleased, enough to also offer all new personalized collage frames.
Mikhail Khodorkovsky has just arrived back in Switzerland.
Mikhail Khodorkovsky has arrived back home in Switzerland.
Mikhail Khodorkovsky has just recently arrived in Switzerland.
Mikhail Khodorkovsky has just arrived back in Switzerland.
Mikhail Khodorkovsky has just arrived back in Switzerland.
DeAndre Liggins was also arrested on charges including possession of domestic battery.
DeAndre and Ligginson was arrested again on charges of domestic battery.
DeAndre - Ligginson also was arrested on charges of domestic battery.
DeAndre Ligginson was arrested on federal charges of attempted domestic battery.
DeAndre - Liggins was later arrested on federal charges of domestic battery.
Facebook has also bought the personal fitness tracking app Moves.
Facebook has bought - out the personal fitness app Moves.
Facebook has bought out the fitness - tracking app Moves.
Facebook Group has bought the personal fitness tracking app Moves.
Facebook has bought the new personal fitness tracking app Moves.
Shrien Dewani has only just arrived in the South Africa.
Shrien Dewani has just recently also arrived in South Africa.
Shrieny Dewani has just arrived back in South Africa.
Shrieny Dewani who has arrived back in South Africa.
Shrien Dewani, has just arrived in the South Africa.
A Chinese official has called for a better China - India relationship through bilateral media exchanges and cooperation.
A former senior Chinese Indian government official has called for better China - India media exchanges and cooperation.
A Chinese official has also called for better China - India bilateral and mediation exchanges and cooperation.
A senior Chinese official has also has recently called for better China - India media exchanges and cooperation.
A Chinese official also has called for India establishing a better China - India media exchanges and cooperation.
Denver Broncos also also signed end Jeremy Mincey.
Denver Broncos signed end - linebacker Jeremy Mincey.
Denver Broncos signed tight end linebacker Jeremy Mincey.
Denver - Broncos signed end linebacker Jeremy Mincey.
Denver Broncos signed tight - end Jeremy Mincey.
Cate - Blanchett won her the best actress - ever Oscar for her playing a, woman in Blue Jasmine.
Cate Blanchett won the prestigious second best actress Oscars for her playing a, woman in The Blue Jasmine.
Cate - Blanchett won as the second best supporting actress an Oscar for playing a, woman in Blue Jasmine.
Cate - Blanchett won the best supporting actress Oscar for playing a, woman in The One Amazing Blue Jasmine.
Cate Blanchett won for her the best actress Oscar for her playing, a, young woman in Blue Jasmine.
SAFE Sanctuary will also help hold a pet adoptions event on Saturday.
SAFE Animal Sanctuary will also hold a pet adoptions event on Saturday.
SAFE Animal Sanctuary International will also hold a pet adoption event on Saturday.
SAFE Animal Sanctuary will hold up a pet adoptions event on Saturday.
SAFE Sanctuary will hold a pet - related adoption event starting on Saturday.
SpiceJet loss is more than double the total net net worth says auditors.
SpiceJet loss " is more than the net worth, " says auditors.
SpiceJet revenue loss alone is more significant than the net worth says auditors.
SpiceJet loss rate is more than the estimated net net worth says auditors.
SpiceJet net loss is more than the net worth, " says auditors.
Five - Fingered Death Punches is expected to make the top five of next week's official US Billboard Top 200 chart.
Five Six - Fingered - Death Punch - is expected to make the top five of next calendar week's Billboard 200 chart.
Five Finger Death Punch is expected eventually to also make the top five spots of the next week's official US Billboard 200 chart.
Five Finger Death Punch is not expected, yet to make the top five of next week's official debut US Billboard 200 chart.
Five Finger Death Punch is expected to make into the US top twenty - five of next week's official US Billboard 200 chart.
The earliest iron age artefacts were made directly from such a meteorite.
The earliest known iron artefacts were made up directly from a meteorite.
The earliest known cast iron artefacts found were made from a meteorite.
The earliest iron - age artefacts were made from such a meteorite.
The very earliest iron artefacts found were made from such a meteorite.
Teresa Palmer hosted a free free baby shower.
Teresa Jane Palmer hosted with a baby shower.
Teresa de Palmer also hosted a baby shower.
Teresa de la Palmer hosted a baby shower.
Teresa Palmer hosted it with a baby shower.
The Hindu rupiahs weakened to 11, 636.
The rupiah population weakened further to 11, 636.
The Hindu rupiah weakened further to 11, 636.
The rupiahi population weakened to 11, 636.
The rupiah population weakened to about 11, 636.
Nike chairman, Sir Phil Knight has high - financial hopes for the World Cup.
Nike chairman Phil Knight has expressed high financial hopes for hosting the FIFA World Cup.
Nike chairman, Sir Phil Knight has high hopes going for the FIFA World Cup.
Nike chairman Phill Knight also has high personal hopes for winning the World Cup.
Nike chairman, Phil Knight has high hopes going forward for the FIFA World Cup.
Rui Costa won on the final 19th stage race of the the Tour de France.
Rui Costas won on only the 19th stage of the Tour de de France.
Rui Costa won in the quarter final 19th stage of the 2008 Tour de France.
Rui Costa won the final and 19th overall stage race of the Tour de France.
Rui Costas also won the final 19th stage of the 2008 Tour de France.
Walmart Canada will also start offering auto insurance.
Walmart Canada will also start offering auto insurance.
Walmart will start offering personalized auto insurance.
Walmart Insurance will start by offering auto insurance.
Walmart will also start by offering auto insurance.
Melvine Gordon will not return for his 2009 junior season.
Melvin Gordon will return for football his final and junior season.
Melvin Gordon will return home for his very final junior season.
Melvin Gordon, who will not return for his junior season.
Melvine Gordon will not return for football his junior season.
A former Bozeman County fugitive has waived extradition.
A Bozeman fugitive has not been waived extradition.
A Bozeman Valley County fugitive has waived extradition.
A Bozeman Valley County fugitive has waived extradition.
A Bozeman fugitive has been granted waived extradition.
We just have to always be with the parent first, not just the best friend.
We would just have to always be the parent - first, not the best friend.
We would have to always be with the parent first, not just the best friend.
We have got to be the best parent at first, not the best best friend.
We have got to be with the parent family - first, not the best friend.
South - eastern Yemen rose in protest.
South Asia - Yemen rose in protest.
South Yemenans rose up in protest.
South Yemen rose back up in protest.
South - Yemen rose up in protest.
The only immediate future state of Pakistan was in democracy.
The only immediate future of Pakistan government was in democracy.
The real political future of West Pakistan was in democracy.
The future national government of Pakistan today was in democracy.
The future of Pakistan was not decided upon in democracy.
A man pulled a pellet machine gun on him to a police officer in the Sunken Gardens.
A man pulled a pellet and machine gun on to a police security officer in Sunken Gardens.
A man had recently pulled a small rubber pellet gun on a police officer in Sunken Gardens.
A young man had recently pulled a rubber pellet gun on a police officer in Sunken Gardens.
A man had recently pulled a pellet machine gun on a police security officer in Sunken Gardens.
Two men have also long since consented to stand trial due to two separate Regina homicides.
Two other men may have consented to stand trial to two other separate North Regina homicides.
Two men have consented to and let each stand at trial to two separate Regina homicides.
Two men may have consented to stand witnesses at trial to two other separate Regina homicides.
Two men have long since consented to each stand trial to two separate North Regina homicides.
Atletico de Atlético Madrid can win the UEFA Champions League.
Atletico Madrid also can win matches in the Champions League.
Atleticos de Atlético Madrid can win the Champions League.
Atleticos de Madrid can also win the Champions League.
Atletico de Madrid also can win in the Champions League.
Telkom village is a very remarkable place.
Telkom is also a very remarkable place.
Telkomli village is a remarkable place.
Telkom village is a very remarkable place.
Telkom village is a very remarkable place.
Boeing Corporation is restructuring its existing commercial airplane business strategy functions.
Boeing Corporation is restructuring its existing commercial airplane business strategy functions.
Boeing is currently restructuring all its commercial airplane business strategy functions.
Boeing also is restructuring of its commercial - airplane strategy functions.
Boeing is restructuring almost all its commercial - airplane strategy functions.
Florida Gulf Coast beaches are also commonly known as Dunk City.
Florida Gulf Mid - Atlantic Coast are known as Dunk City.
Florida Gulf Coast communities are also known locally as Dunk City.
Florida and Gulf Coast games are known as Slam Dunk City.
Florida and the Gulf Coast region are known as Dunk City.
Masimo announced on the 2016 opening up of offices across India.
Masimov announced the opening up of new offices across India.
Masimo announced the grand opening of offices all over across India.
Masimo announced the opening up of offices all over across India.
Masimo announced plans on the 2016 opening of offices across India.
Brian Cushing has been finally being cleared up to return.
Brianna Cushing, who has been cleared to return.
Brian Cushing has still not been legally cleared to return.
Brian Cushing has been finally being cleared up to return.
Brian Cushing has been declared officially cleared not to return.
A young woman was murdered, for allegedly opposing illegal mining.
A young woman was murdered for opposing of the illegal mining.
A woman who was later found murdered for opposing illegal mining.
A young woman who was murdered for publicly opposing illegal mining.
A young young woman was murdered, for opposing illegal mining.
A pilot were killed in both both both a helicopter crash.
A pilot pair were killed in a second separate helicopter crash.
A pilot were also killed in one such a helicopter crash.
A two pilot crew were killed in both a helicopter crash.
A third pilot were killed later in a second helicopter crash.
Puerto de Vallarta, Mexico, invites the travelers to bring all their furry friends back along for a vacation.
Puerto Vallarta, Mexico invites travelers to occasionally bring their furry little Mexican American friends along occasionally for a vacation.
Puerto de Vallarta, Mexico, invites the many travelers to bring their furry friends along for such a vacation.
Puerto Vallarta, Mexico invites many travelers to bring along their own little furry friends along often for a vacation.
Puerto Rico de Vallarta, New - Mexico invites travelers to bring their furry friends along occasionally for a vacation.
A Needham man was arrested, after which he allegedly accidentally grabbed the Devil - Rays mascot.
A young Needham man later was arrested, shortly after he had allegedly grabbed the Rays mascot.
A Needham Park man was later also arrested, after he allegedly accidentally grabbed the Rays mascot.
A Needham Park man was also arrested, after he allegedly grabbed something onto the Rays mascot.
A Needham Park maniac was arrested, after which he had allegedly grabbed the Rays mascot.
Yesware has also recently acquired Attachments. me.
Yesware has also acquired the Attachments. me.
Yeswares has also acquired Attachments. me.
Yeswares Ltd has acquired Attachments. me.
Yeswares has acquired the Attachments. me.
Superstar Mohanlal will keep using the vintage camera for his first film, which was shot.
Superstar Mohanlal will also keep using the vintage movie camera his first film which was shot.
Superstar actor Mohanlal will keep the same vintage movie camera his very first film was shot.
Superstar Mohanlal will keep using the vintage camera his very very first film which was shot.
Superstar actor Mohanlal will keep the vintage movie camera his first feature - film was shot.
South Korean exports rose only slightly starting early in July.
South - Korean exports also only rose slightly in July.
South - Korean exports rose, only slightly in July.
South Korean crude oil exports rose only slightly in July.
South Korean crude oil exports also rose slightly in July.
How many palm trees are in the entire Brazilian Amazon rainforest.
How many palm trees are in all of the Amazon rainforest.
How many palmate trees are in the Brazilian Amazon rainforest.
How many palm trees there are in all the Amazon rainforest.
How very many trees there are in all the Amazon rainforest.
Ukrainian opposition - party leader Yulias Tymoshenko was freed.
Ukrainian opposition party deputy leader Yulias Tymoshenko was freed.
Ukrainian opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko, who later was freed.
Ukrainian main opposition party leader Yulia Tymoshenko, was freed.
Ukrainian opposition opposition party leader Yulia Tymoshenko, was freed.
Sbarro, Inc. filed for federal bankruptcy protection.
Sbarro Inc. filed applications for federal bankruptcy protection.
Sbarro Inc. filed applications for federal bankruptcy protection.
Sbarro Inc. subsequently officially filed for bankruptcy protection.
Sbarro Inc. filed applications for federal bankruptcy protection.
Election Day election day is less than three full weeks away.
Election day is far less important than a three weeks away.
Election day day in itself is less than three weeks away.
Election day itself is less than than than three weeks away.
Election day itself, is less than three full weeks away.
The expansion Orlando Magic owner Glen Davis would have agreed to a player contract buyout.
The Orlando Red Magic and owner Glen Davis have agreed terms to a contract buyout.
The Orlando Magic Magic Glenda Davis would have agreed terms to a contract buyout.
The Orlando Magic Glenda Davis have agreed to terms to a player contract buyout.
The former Orlando Magic and Glen Davis would have agreed to make a contract buyout.
The latest official Xbox One in March update has arrived.
The latest Xbox One March 2018 update date has arrived.
The Xbox One in the March update update has arrived.
The latest Xbox Live Live One March update has arrived.
The Xbox One March update release date now has arrived.
A judge has ruled an brain tumor specialist can not testify at Judge Austin - Sigg's trial.
A judge has ruled out that an brain tumor specialist can not testify at Austin Sigg's trial.
A judge has already ruled an brain tumor specialist can not testify at Judge Austin Sigg's trial.
A judge has ruled an brain specialist can still not legally testify at Austin and Sigg's trial.
A federal judge has already ruled an brain specialist who can not testify at Austin Sigg's trial.
Malaysian Congress MP Karpal Singh died in such as a car crash.
Malaysian MP Karpal Narayan Singh died in in a fatal car crash.
Malaysian Congress MP, Karpal Singh also died in a car crash.
Malaysian MP, Dr Karpal Singh died suddenly in a car crash.
Malaysian Congress MP Karpal Kumar Singh also died in a car crash.
EngageClick, the multi - screen advertising television platform, has not yet gone public.
EngageClick, the multi - - screen digital advertising platform, also has gone public.
EngageClick, as the multi - screen, digital advertising platform, has gone public.
EngageClick, the first multi - screen digital advertising platform, which has gone public.
EngageClick, the multi - screen digital advertising platform, also recently has gone public.
Graeme Pollock celebrated his own own 70th birthday.
Graeme - Pollock celebrated on his 70th birthday.
Graeme - Pollock later celebrated his 70th birthday.
Graeme Pollock was celebrated on his 70th birthday.
Graeme Pollock celebrated his own own 70th birthday.
Western European powers could not attack in Syria within days, envoys told.
Western powers, could attack Syria again within two days, envoys told.
Western powers could not even attack Syria within two days, envoys told.
Western powers, could still not attack Syria within days, envoys told.
Western powers could attack northern Syria within days, as the envoys told.
India ought to also be a full permanent permanent permanent member of the UN Security council.
India ought to be made a permanent permanent member of the proposed new UN Security council.
India therefore ought to be made a permanent and permanent member of the UN Security council.
India ought to be a permanent member state of all the new UN Joint Security council.
India ought to be a full and permanent member of almost all the UN Security council.
Sikkim has recorded steepest - ever ever fall in poverty level.
Sikkim city has the recorded steepest fall rate in poverty level.
Sikkim has recorded the steepest fall rate ever in poverty level.
Sikkim also has the recorded second steepest fall in poverty level.
Sikkim has recorded steepest fallout rate in the poverty level.
London's Bar Nola has become also the first bar to receive the Royal Seals courtesy of the Sazerac.
London's Nola has become also among the first bar to ever receive the Seal of all of the Sazerac.
London's Nola has become the very very first British Jewish gay bar to receive the Seal of the Sazerac.
London's Queen Nola has become also the first barque ship to receive the Seal of all the Sazerac.
London's Nola has also become the very first British bard to receive both the Seal of the Sazerac.
Deputies arrested include : - - a man accused of repeatedly beating and threatening to kill his girlfriend and their children.
Deputies may also have arrested " a man accused of " beating and threatening to kill his girlfriend and their children.
Deputies arrested include a man accused of repeatedly beating and threatening to physically physically kill his girlfriend and both their children.
Deputies arrested a young man accused of beating him and threatening to physically physically kill his girlfriends and their children.
Deputies arrested a man, falsely accused him of beating and falsely threatening to kill his girlfriend, and their children.
Credit cards, used mainly mainly for illegal gambling, will be cancelled in Turkey.
Credit cards used for the illegal gambling activities, will be cancelled elsewhere in Turkey.
Credit card cards not used for illegal gambling will not be cancelled except in Turkey.
Credit card cards used for various illegal gambling purposes will be cancelled elsewhere in Turkey.
Credit card cards not used for illegal gambling purposes will not be cancelled in Turkey.
Steven Bradbury will visit Mackay at the very, very early end of the week.
Steven Bradbury will visit Mackays Park Stadium at the end date of the week.
Steven Bradbury will also visit Mackay Park and Stadium at the end of the week.
Steven Bradbury will also visit the Mackay Park at the end of May the week.
Steven and Bradbury will visit Mackay Park at the end of date of the week.
Khayelitsha District also needs two more police stations.
Khayelitsha also needs two or more police stations.
Khayelitsha needs only two more local police stations.
Khayelitsha now needs only two more police stations.
Khayelitsha also needs two or more police stations.
An Oak Forest police station officer died shortly thereafter after a crash.
An Old Oak Forest police station officer died shortly after a crash.
An Oak Forest police station police officer died shortly after a crash.
An Old Oak Forest police officer later also died after a crash.
An Oakley Forest police officer later died shortly after a crash.
Police were shot at a pit bull.
Police shot shots at a pit bull.
Police were shot at a pit bull.
Police also shot down a pit bull.
Police also shot a dead pit bull.
Arijit Singh then tied up the knot.
Arijith Singh tied up the knot.
Arijith Singh tied up the knot.
Arijith Singh then tied the knot.
Arijith Kumar Singh tied the knot.
A French university has temporarily shut down a major pro - Israel event after disruptions.
A local French university shuts down a pro - Israel event soon after disruptions.
A French university shut down a pro - - Israel student event shortly after disruptions.
A French university shuts down a local pro - - Israel event after disruptions.
A local French university temporarily shut down for a pro - Israel event after disruptions.
Pretoria, fought to apologise, even as Oscar and Pistorius took over from the witness stand.
Pretoria, fought to apologise, as Oscar Wilde and Pistorius took the very first witness stand.
Pretoria, fought not even to apologise, as Oscar and Pistorius took over the witness stand.
Pretoria, fought to not apologise, as Oscar Pistorius took over from behind the witness stand.
Pretoria, however fought not to apologise, as Justice Oscar Pistorius took the first witness stand.
Firefighters who have also recently responded to a reported open house fire in around the 1600 block in Lower Allen Township.
Firefighters who died have since also responded to a reported house fire in the approximately 1600 block in Lower Allen Township.
Firefighters have responded successfully to a reported open house forest fire in the 1600 block area in Lower East Allen Township.
Firefighters have responded to just a reported house fire in just the 1600 block in all the Lower East Allen Township.
Firefighters have responded to a reported house fire in 2013 near the 1600 - apartment tower block in Lower Allen Township.
Mexican stocks have also ended lower.
Mexican oil stocks also ended lower.
Mexican stocks have also ended lower.
Mexican stocks also have ended lower.
Mexican oil stocks also ended lower.
Britain's Crown Prince Prince Charles is to edit the Countryside Life magazine.
Britain's Crown Prince Charles is appointed editor to edit the Country Life magazine.
Britain's Prince Charles is expected to also edit for the Country Life magazine.
Britain's Prince Charles is to edit for the new Countryside Life magazine.
Britain's Crown Prince Charles is invited to edit in the Country Life magazine.
Google Earth " Google is running a doodle celebrating " the life of Celia Cruz.
Google is " currently " running a doodle celebrating " the life of Celia Cruz.
Google TV is running up a doodle show celebrating the life story of Celia Cruz.
Google Planet Earth is running a doodle celebrating the early life of actress Celia Cruz.
Google Play is also currently running a YouTube doodle celebrating the life of Celia Cruz.
Rubin, ` ` Hurricane''. Carter, the boxer, died.
Rubin ` ` Hurricane''. Carter, also the boxer, died.
Rubin'` `'Hurricane'' Carter, the boxer, died.
Rubin ` `'Hurricane''. Carter, the boxer, died.
Rubin ` ` Hurricane'' Carter, " the famous boxer, died.
Clarence and Seedorff made a winning start.
Clarence Seedorff made a strong winning start.
Clarence Seedorf made a strong, winning start.
Clarence and Seedorff made a winning start.
Clarence Seedorff made a strong winning start.
The PTI led government will establish, " an anti - graft and corruption commission courts presented.
The PTI led government will also will establish an independent antico - graft commission courts presented.
The PTI - led government will also establish that an anti - market graft commission courts presented.
The PTI - led government will also establish an independent anti - graft law commission courts presented.
The PTI - led coalition government will establish " an anti - graft " commission courts presented.
Children also are more likely to develop Post Traumatic, Mental Stress and Disorder if either their mother is afflicted.
Children are also much more likely likely to develop a Post Traumatic Stress Disorder if their birth mother is afflicted.
Children are more than equally likely to eventually develop a Post Traumatic Stress Disorder even if their mother is afflicted.
Children affected are also more than likely to develop Post Traumatic Stress Disorder if either their biological mother is afflicted.
Children also are more likely to develop into a severe Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, if their mother is afflicted.
Genette Robinson, will speak, in the Chinatown section of Baltimore.
Genette Robinson will speak, also speaking in the section of Baltimore.
Gene Robinson will speak, speaking, in the Chinatown section of Baltimore.
Gene Robinson, will speak, in the section outside City of Baltimore.
Gene Robinson, who will speak, in the Chinatown section of Baltimore.
Zimbabwe's police have also been accused of deliberately targeting innocent former MDC - T activists.
Zimbabwe's police have been accused of deliberately not targeting innocent MDC - - T activists.
Zimbabwe's police forces have also been accused of targeting innocent former MDC - T activists.
Zimbabwe's police have been accused repeatedly of targeting innocent former MDC - - T activists.
Zimbabwe's secret police have been accused repeatedly of targeting innocent MDC - led T activists.
The Kansas Supreme Court has indefinitely suspended the common - law license of the former state Attorney General, Phill Kline.
The Kansas Supreme Court indefinitely temporarily suspended the law - enforcement license of former Kansas state Deputy Attorney General Phill Kline.
The new Kansas Supreme Judicial Court has indefinitely suspended indefinitely the common law license of former state Attorney General Phill Kline.
The Kansas Supreme Court indefinitely suspended holding the law license of former Republican Kansas state Attorney - General, Phill Kline.
The Kansas Supreme Court also has indefinitely suspended the law license license of both the former state Attorney General Phill Kline.
Cabayen has not been told.
Cabayen has not been told.
Cabayen has not been told.
Cabayen never has been told.
Cabayen never has been told.
ACL Transit bus workers have rejected such a tentative contract agreement.
AC Transit workers may have also rejected a tentative new contract agreement.
AC Transit bus station workers have rejected such a tentative contract agreement.
AC Transit workers have also rejected a proposed, tentative contract agreement.
ACLU Transit workers have also rejected a tentative contract agreement.
BUSES in Sutton Coldfield and in Erdington are still wearing their poppies so proudly with pride.
BUSES in both Sutton and Coldfield and in Erdington are still wearing their poppies with pride.
BUSES in Sutton on Coldfield and in Erdington people are seen wearing their poppies with pride.
BUSES fans in Sutton Coldfield and in Erdington are wearing their own poppies, with pride.
BUSES, in both Sutton Coldfield and nearby Erdington, are wearing their poppies with pride.
Seagulls who are being slowly lured to their death here in St Ives.
Seagulls who survived are being lured to their own death in St Ives.
Seagulls are shown being slowly lured to their death in nearby St Ives.
Seagulls who are being slowly lured to their death in nearby St Ives.
Seagulls are being deliberately lured away to meet their death in St Ives.
A drug - dealer has also recently been sent to prison after he has allegedly breached a court order.
A drug dealer has also recently, also been sent to a prison after he breached a court order.
A drug dealer, who has just been sent back to prison, after he breached a court order.
A drug dealer has been sent to prison after he allegedly, has allegedly breached, a court order.
A drug dealer has also recently been sent to a prison camp after admitting he breached a court order.
Diversions that are being put back in place even after such a power line came.
Diversions are being put back back in place, even after a power line came.
Diversions that exist are being slowly put in their place after a power line came.
Diversions are being put in their place after when a new power transmission line came.
Diversions are being put back in their proper place after a new power line came.
Usman Abdul Khawaja has also recently had his contract upgraded.
Usman Shah Khawaja has had his international playing contract upgraded.
Usman Khawaja Khan has now had all his contract upgraded.
Usman Shah Khawaja has had all of his contract upgraded.
Usman Shah Khawaja Khan has also had his contract upgraded.
A delivery driver's patrol car car was stolen.
A pizza delivery driver's rental car was stolen.
A pizza delivery driver's car, was stolen.
A pizza delivery driver's car key was stolen.
A delivery truck driver's patrol car was stolen.
A woman died " shortly after crashing into " a telephone pole at UC Irvine.
A young woman died after crashing into with her on a pole at UC Irvine.
A woman who died after crashing herself into on a pole at the UC Irvine.
A woman died after crashing herself into a nearby telephone pole post at UC Irvine.
A young woman died after crashing into on a power pole at the UC Irvine.
Griff Rhys Jones says his partnership with the Melba - Smiths was " not a very happy marriage made in heaven.
Griff Rhys Jones says that his partnership with the Mel Smiths was, not just a marriage made up of in heaven.
Griff Rhys Jones says his marriage partnership agreement with the Melba Smiths was not a happy happy marriage made in heaven.
Griff Rhys Jones, also says his " partnership with the Melton Smiths was " not a marriage made in heaven.
Griff Rhys - Rhys - Jones says his partnership agreement with the Mel Smith was " " not a marriage made in heaven.
Four other people are facing drug related assault charges, in Franklin County.
Four people are facing drug related charges, in neighboring rural Franklin County.
Four hundred other people are facing federal drug related charges in Franklin County.
Four people are facing drug - related charges in neighboring rural Franklin County.
Four other people arrested are currently facing drug related charges in Franklin County.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch - Lynch analyst Alexander Wang has upgraded MeadWestvaco.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch analyst Alexander Wei Wang, has upgraded MeadWestvaco.
Bank of North America. Merrill Lynch analyst Alexander Wei Wang upgraded MeadWestvaco.
Bankers of America Merrill Lynch analyst Alexander Wei Wang has upgraded MeadWestvaco.
Bankers of America and Merrill Lynch analyst Alexander Wang have upgraded MeadWestvaco.
A Nottinghamshire County police officer who has been charged with four separate criminal counts of misconduct.
A former Nottinghamshire police officer has been also formally charged with four counts each of misconduct.
A single former Nottinghamshire county police officer has been formally charged with four counts of misconduct.
A Nottinghamshire county county chief police officer has been charged with four separate counts of misconduct.
A Nottinghamshire police officer who has been charged with all four are separate counts of misconduct.
Rachel Kaprieliani, is the state's registrar.
Rachele Kaprielian is also the state's registrar.
Rachel Kaprieliani is also the state's registrar.
Rachel Kaprieliani is the new state's registrar.
Rachel Kaprieliani is also the state's registrar.
Socceroos star forward Alex Martinez was named preseason and second team All - American.
Soccer star Alexa Martinez was named preseason and AP second team All - American.
Soccer star Alex Martinez was also later named preseason second - team All - American.
Soccer star, Alex Martinez also was named preseason second team All All - American.
Soccer star Alex Martinez also was named preseason and second team preseason All - American.
Iran's supreme leader controls a business banking empire reportedly reportedly worth somewhere around $ 95 billion.
Iran's supreme political leader controls a business empire worth around US $ 1 US 95 billion.
Iran's supreme military leader currently controls a business empire, reportedly worth around $ 95 billion.
Iran's supreme leader controls a vast business empire worth of around about US $ 95 billion.
Iran's supreme leader controls a business banking empire, worth around US $ US 95 billion.
Sunderland have also come - up with a bidder for Sergio Floccari.
Sunderland FC have come up with a possible new bid for Sergio Floccari.
Sunderland have not come up with such a bid for striker Sergio Floccari.
Sunderland have also come right up with making a bid for Sergio Floccari.
Sunderland have come up very short with a second bid for Sergio Floccari.
I instant a cash in advance guaranteed approval.
I instant cash advance, with guaranteed approval.
I instant a cash in advance guaranteed approval.
I had instant cash and advance guaranteed approval.
I would instant a cash advance guaranteed approval.
Saudi - Arabia denied Israel any contact or cooperation whatsoever with Israel.
Saudi Arabia denied any direct diplomatic contact or cooperation whatsoever with Israel.
Saudi Arabia has denied Israel any contact with or cooperation with Israel.
Saudi Arabia denied any direct diplomatic contact or cooperation whatsoever with Israel.
Saudi - Arabia denied any direct diplomatic contact or cooperation with Israel.
The Cincinnati County Royals have non - tendered Chris Getz.
The Cincinnati Royals have non - - tendered Chris Getz.
The Royals have signed the non - tendered Chris Getz.
The Royals would also have non - tendered Chris Getz.
The Royals have non - tendered pitcher, Chris Getz.
SpectramiOne has also had organized a workshop to help address the real time security related concerns and compliance issues faced by enterprises.
Spectrami had organized for a workshop to address both the real - - time security concerns, and compliance issues being faced by enterprises.
Spectrami had organized a national workshop to address the growing real time security, information security concerns and regulatory compliance issues faced by enterprises.
Spectrami had organized a workshop to help address the real - time information security related concerns and compliance issues being faced today by enterprises.
Spectrami had organized for a workshop to help companies to address both the real time security concerns and compliance issues faced today by enterprises.
Gunshots were also reported at destroying a building on near the Princeton campus.
Gunshots were also reported at a building on the then nearby Princeton campus.
Gunshots were also reported at such as a building on the Princeton campus.
Gunshots were reported at such a building on approach to the Princeton campus.
Gunshots being fired upon were reported at a building on the Princeton campus.
The Bethlehem Area School District district administration is also reporting a suspected suspicious man driving at a Bethlehem bus stop.
The West Branch Bethlehem Area School District is reporting a suspicious young man driving at a nearby local bus stop.
The Bethlehem Area School District is reportedly also reporting seeing a suspicious young man while driving at a bus stop.
The Greater Bethlehem Area School District is reporting " a suspicious man driving " at " " a bus stop.
The Bethlehem Area School District police is reporting on a suspicious maniac driving by at a Bethlehem bus stop.
Mozilla Group, has also appointed Chris Van Beard as its interim CEO replacing Brendan Eich.
Mozilla has appointed Chris Beard as its its and its new interim CEO replacing Brendan Eich.
Mozilla has appointed CEO Chris Bearden as of its interim interim CEO replacing Brendan Eich.
Mozilla Group has also appointed Chris Beard as its new, interim CEO replacing Brendan Eich.
Mozilla has appointed new interim CEO Chris Beard as its new interim CEO replacing Brendan Eich.
Chinese border police have detained a online commentator.
Chinese police detained for him a online commentator.
Chinese police detained him a Chinese online commentator.
Chinese border police detained a Chinese online commentator.
Chinese border police detained him a online commentator.
Michael Young has reached out to join the former Boston Junior Red Sox.
Michael Youngs has also reached out to the Boston Junior Red Sox.
Michael Youngs has also reached back out to the Boston Red Sox.
Michaela Young has reached out again to the Boston Junior Red Sox.
Michaela Youngs has reached out to the Boston Junior Red Sox.
Conan O'Brien calls for a new horse race at the Santa Anita Park.
Conan O'Brien calls it a horse race held at Santa - Anita Park.
Conan O'Brien calls for it a horse race held at Santa Anita Park.
Conan O'Brien calls a new Thoroughbred horse race at the Santa Anita Park.
Conan Doyle O'Brien also calls a new horse race at Santa Anita Park.
THE Taoiseach warned EU leaders countries " who fall behind in the " Irish " " digital economy run.
THE Taoiseach has warned EU - leaders countries who fall behind in the " digital - based economy run.
THE Irish Republican Taoiseach warned EU leaders that countries who fall behind join them in the digital economy run.
THE Irish Taoiseach warned EU - business - leaders that countries who fall behind in the digital economy run.
THE Taoiseach has reportedly " also warned EU leaders countries who fall behind them in the digital economy run.
The dwarf planet Mercury, the closest, is shrinking.
The planet Mercury, the closest, planet is shrinking.
The dwarf planet of Mercury, closest, is shrinking.
The planet Mercury, being the closest, is shrinking.
The dwarf planet Mercury, the closest, is shrinking.
EBay revealed was a loss due directly to paying a tax charge.
EBay revealed a financial loss, due to a false tax charge.
EBay revealed was a net loss due directly to a tax charge.
EBay revealed that a loss due to filing a new tax charge.
EBay later revealed a loss due to him filing a tax charge.
A senior Egyptian police officer, has also been reported killed in a suicide bomb blast.
A senior senior Egyptian military police officer has been reported killed in a suicide bomb blast.
A senior Egyptian military police officer has also been reported killed, in a bomb blast.
A senior Egyptian police intelligence officer has also been reported killed in by a bomb blast.
A former senior Egyptian police intelligence service officer has also been killed in a bomb blast.
Aldi Group has also pledged to open 50 new stores nationwide, in the UK this year.
Aldi has also pledged to open 505 new new stores in the entire UK this year.
Aldi Group has pledged plans to open 50 new stores in all the continental UK this year.
Aldi Group has pledged to open 50 million new retail stores in the entire UK this year.
Aldi Group has also pledged to open 505 more new stores in the UK this year.
Your favorite college and basketball picks.
Your college and professional basketball picks.
Your college and professional basketball picks.
Your favorite, college basketball picks.
Your college and professional basketball picks.
Iowa Democrats rallying around themselves as an open elections looms.
Iowa Democrats rallying themselves as an open primary elections looms.
Iowa Democrats are now also rallying as an elections looms.
Iowa also often has Democrats rallying as an elections looms.
Iowa Democrats are rallying as one if an elections looms.
Jerky - Treats recall.
Jerky - Treats recall.
Jerky - Treats recall.
Jerky - Treats recall.
Jerky - Treats recall.
Lightning also has reportedly sparked a house fire in the Vermont town.
Lightning sparked a house fire somewhere in all the small Vermont town.
Lightning sparked set - off a house fire in the Vermont town.
Lightning also briefly sparked a house on fire in the Vermont town.
Lightning sparked off a major house - fire in the Vermont town.
Hundreds thousands of volunteer volunteers are needed, to stand under guard during the sturgeon spawning season.
Hundreds of volunteers are often also needed to stand guard periodically during the annual sturgeon spawning season.
Hundreds of other volunteers are also needed to stand guard periodically during during the sturgeon spawning season.
Hundreds of volunteers are needed, to stand guard, during both the annual sturgeon spawning season.
Hundreds thousands of volunteer volunteers are needed, to stand guard during the annual sturgeon spawning season.
MUMBAIK - Tata Steel, India Ltd. 500470. BY swung to a profit for the entire second quarter.
MUMBAI - Tata Steel Ltd. - 500470. BYS swung to make a profit again for the second quarter.
MUMBAIK - Tata Steel Steel Ltd. 500470. BY swung out to a profitability for the second quarter.
MUMBAI - Tata Steel, Ltd. 500470. BY swung to make a profit for only the very second quarter.
MUMBAI - Tata Steel Ltd. 500470. 00 00 BYS swung to a profit margin for the second quarter.
Australia must always both be and understand sovereignty.
Australia must always be and always understand sovereignty.
Australia itself must be and must understand sovereignty.
Australia must also always be and understand sovereignty.
Australia itself must also be and understand sovereignty.
IHS Inc. IHS has completed its most recent major acquisition of RL Polka & Co.
IHS Inc. IHS Inc. has completed its acquisition of RL Polka Music & Co.
IHS Inc. IHS has recently completed its acquisition of RLG, Polka & Co.
IHS Inc. IHS Inc has completed its pending acquisition of the RL of Polk & Co.
IHS Inc. : Recently IHS has completed its acquisition acquisition process of RL Polk & Co.
Steve Wozniak, has urged young Nigerian youths to also be innovative.
Steve Wozniak, has urged Nigerian American American youths to be innovative.
Steve Wozniak has also urged young Nigerian American youths to be innovative.
Steve John - Wozniak has urged Nigerian youths to also be innovative.
Steve Wozniak has urged young urban and Nigerian youths to be innovative.
Imports prices were spiked in January.
Imports spiked up again in January.
Imports spiked up again in January.
Imports prices were spiked in January.
Imports spiked up again in January.
Robert Mugabe has however still not announced a new Cabinet.
Robert Edwarde Mugabe has announced for a new Cabinet.
Robert Edward Mugabe has still not announced a new Cabinet.
Robert Mugabe also has been announced for a new Cabinet.
Robert - Edward - Mugabe has announced a new Cabinet.
The Dallas Morning News today, has pulled down its paywall.
The Dallas Morning News News as of today pulled its paywall.
The Dallas Morning - News News has today pulled its paywall.
The Dallas Dallas Morning News today has not pulled its paywall.
The entire New Dallas Morning News of today pulled its paywall.
The expansion New - York City Jets will also travel to Tennessee to take on the 2H - 1 Titans.
The expansion New York Jets team will travel home to Tennessee to take revenge on the 2 - 4 1 Titans.
The New - York Jets will travel back to Tennessee to again take on the 2 - - - 1 Titans.
The New York Jets Jets team will travel to Middle Tennessee to take on Nashville against the 2 - 1 Titans.
The New York Jets will travel to Tennessee to again take on the Tennessee Titans 2 - 2 - 1 Titans.
Algeria launched in an open - energy field bidding round with 31 fields on offer.
Algeria launched in an open energy field bidding - round with 31 fields on offer.
Algeria has launched an energy bidding round, with 31 new oil fields on offer.
Algeria launched it in an energy bidding - round, with 31 fields on offer.
Algeria launched in an energy bidding process round, with only 31 fields on offer.
The husband and son of such a Bundoran Shire councillor have also been banned outright from meetings.
The husband and the son of such a Bundoran councillor, have also been banned from meetings.
The husband, and son of a former Bundoran councillor have been also officially banned from meetings.
The husband and son of a Bundoran councillor have been both officially declared and banned from meetings.
The husband and son of such a Bundoran Shire councillor have also been banned temporarily from meetings.
A British government official said peace efforts are not considered a top priority priority for his government.
A British official has said peacekeeping efforts are not a top - priority for his government.
A British official has " said peace efforts " are a top security priority for his government.
A former senior British official has said peace efforts are a top priority priority for his government.
A British government senior official said peace efforts are now a top priority for strengthening his government.
Alistair MacLeod, the Canadian author, who has died there, at age 77.
Alistair MacLeod, and also the Canadian author, has died at the age 77.
Alistair MacLeod, the first Canadian Canadian author, has died at the age 77.
Alistair MacLeod, the Canadian author, died who has died at the age 77.
Alistair MacLeod, considered the first modern Canadian author, has died at age 77.
Voting started early and is still progressing well.
Voting started and it is still progressing well.
Voting process has started and is progressing well.
Voting started and it is still progressing well.
Voting started and it is not progressing well.
The City Planning Council of Columbia will hold educational advisory sessions on the strong - mayor referendum.
The new City District of Columbia Council will hold educational sessions on which the strong mayor referendum.
The City of British Columbia will also hold educational and advisory sessions on the strong mayor referendum.
The new City of Columbia Council will hold educational sessions, based on the strong mayor referendum.
The City of Columbia will hold special educational sessions based on the strong mayor - mayor referendum.
Rotary will sponsor a Super Bowl Super - Bowl party.
Rotary International will sponsor a Super Super - Bowl party.
Rotary will also help to sponsor a Super Bowl party.
Rotary will also also sponsor a Super - Bowl party.
Rotary International will also sponsor a Super - Bowl party.
It was a morning, race with almost no qualifying round times being set in the heats.
It was only a morning, with no qualifying - round times being set in the heats.
It was a morning, with no qualifying round times set in almost all of the heats.
It was a morning, race with no other official qualifying times set in all the heats.
It originally was a Saturday Saturday morning, with no qualifying times being set in the heats.
Savitha - Devi - Reddy will dub for Deepika Padukone.
Savitha Reddy, will dub for Kannada actress Deepika Padukone.
Savitha Reddy, will also dub for actress Deepika Padukone.
Savitha Devi Reddy will also also dub for Deepika Padukone.
Savitha Devi Reddy, will also dub for Deepika Padukone.
Banner Homes Holdings'chief executive officer, has stepped.
Bannerworth Homes'chief executive officer, has stepped.
Banner Homes's new chief executive officer has stepped.
Banner Homes'chief and executive officer, has stepped.
Banner Homes'chief and executive officer, has stepped.
OTRS Group added new features to support its customer call - support software that will help help improve Call Centers.
OTRS Business Group added new features added directly to all its customer support and software that will help Call Centers.
OTRS Business Group added new features to its customer support software, one of that which will help Call Centers.
OTRS Group added several new customer security features added to its new customer support software that will help Call Centers.
OTRS Group added new security features to support its customer support management software, that also will help Call Centers.
Newmont Mining Company had sold its remaining remaining 5. 4 % interest in Paladin Energy.
Newmont Mining Company had sold off its remaining 5. 4 % interest in Paladin Energy.
Newmont Gold Mining had sold its 5. 5 4 % interest in to Paladin Energy.
Newmont Gold Mining had also sold its remaining 5. 4 % interest in Paladin Energy.
Newmont Gold Mining had sold its only remaining 5. 4 % interest in Paladin Energy.
US oil stocks declined sharply as commodities slumped.
US oil stocks declined as other commodities slumped.
US oil stocks declined sharply as commodities slumped.
US stocks declined sharply as other commodities slumped.
US stocks declined sharply as other commodities slumped.
Uzbekistan has plans to almost completely ban imports of non - iodized salt.
Uzbekistan plans also not to completely ban imports of non - iodized salt.
Uzbekistan has announced plans to ban imports only of non - iodized salt.
Uzbekistan has announced plans to ban imports of the non - iodized salt.
Uzbekistan plans to ban almost all imports of non acid - iodized salt.
The host - country country's Mercadona stores sell fresh fish from the auction.
The host country's Mercadona stores sell the fresh fish from before the auction.
The country's Mercadona stores sell the best fresh fish from before the auction.
The country's Mercadona fishery stores sell the fresh fish from the auction.
The country's largest Mercadona stores sell the freshest fish from the auction.
Uflex said that its annual revenue rose to Rs. 1, 000 516 crore.
Uflex also later said its revenue share rose to Rs. 1, 516 crore.
Uflex said its revenue share had rose to around Rs. 1, 516 crore.
Uflex said its revenue share rose to around US Rs. 1, 516 crore.
Uflex also said its revenue rose up to around Rs. 1, 516 crore.
Pat Quinn will act on the medical - free medical marijuana bill.
Pat Quinn will not even act directly on the medical marijuana bill.
Pat Quinn will not act immediately on passing the medical marijuana bill.
Patsy Quinn will act on passing of the medical marijuana bill.
Pat Quinn will not act on the medical - medical marijuana bill.
Nearly 30 % of % of Americans now have more credit card debt savings than savings.
Nearly, about 30 % of African Americans have more credit - card debt than savings.
Nearly 30 % of African - Americans have more outstanding credit card or debt than savings.
Nearly 30 % of African African - Americans have more credit - card debt than savings.
Nearly, or about, 30 % of Americans have more credit card debt than savings.
Stocks fell further apart as was growing tension over action in Syria.
Stocks also quickly fell as growing political tension over action in Syria.
Stocks prices fell as growing tension over military military action in Syria.
Stocks fell as was growing political tension over military action in Syria.
Stocks prices also fell as growing political tension over action in Syria.
How it all started for the Battery Park City's mayor Steven Holcomb.
How it all really got started for Parking City's Steven Holcomb.
How about it all got started for Parking City's Steven Holcomb.
How it had all had started, for Park City's Steven Holcomb.
How it all started for Battery Park Park was City's Steven Holcomb.
Davide Moyes wants special protections for Adnan Januzaj.
David Moyes wants a special protection for President Adnan Januzaj.
Davide de Moyes wants protections for Adnan Januzaj.
David Moyes also also actively wants protection for Adnan Januzaj.
Davide Moyes wants protections especially for Adnan Januzaj.
William Hurt was stunned he jumped on stage with Taylor Taylor - Swift and Jon Bon Jovi.
William stunned he jumped on the stage with both Taylor - Swift and Joni Bon Jovi.
William stunned he jumped on stage with first Taylor - Swift and then Joni Bon Jovi.
William was stunned he jumped on stage along with both Taylor - Swift and Jon Bon Jovi.
William was stunned he then jumped on stage with Taylor - Swift and then Jon Bon Jovi.
Cuts to local bus services are reaching several other critical levels.
Cuts to the existing bus services however are reaching critical levels.
Cuts to the bus services however are reaching some critical levels.
Cuts to the bus services however are reaching some critical levels.
Cuts to busier services are also now reaching critical levels.
TWO regional and tourist - information centres are facing closure.
TWO tourist attractions and information centres which are facing closure.
TWO tourist information information centres which however are facing closure.
TWO regional tourist information and information centres are facing closure.
TWO has tourist information centres, which are facing closure.
Two Florida teens falsely suspected guilty of bullying, are facing charges.
Two Florida public teens suspected of bullying are also currently facing charges.
Two South Florida teens also suspected of sexual bullying are facing charges.
Two other Florida teens he suspected of bullying him are facing charges.
Two Florida area public school teens suspected of bullying are facing charges.
A man, is charged in causing the shooting death of a football team fan in parking a lot at Arrowhead Stadium.
A man, is charged with in the death of stabbing with a fan in a lotus flower at Arrowhead Stadium.
A man, who himself is being charged in causing the death of a fan in a parking lot at Arrowhead Stadium.
A man, is being charged death with in the death penalty of kicking a fan in a lot at Arrowhead Stadium.
A man, who is later charged in the death of killing a football fan in a parking lot at Arrowhead Stadium.
Andy Murray also gets covered in the slime after winning him back a 2009 Nickelodeon Kids'Choice Award.
Andy Murray also gets himself covered in slime after successfully winning a 2009 Nickelodeon National Kids'Choice Award.
Andy Murray later gets him himself covered up in the slime after winning a Nickelodeon Kids'Choice Award.
Andy Murray gets covered up in the slime after narrowly not winning in a Nickelodeon Kids'Choice Award.
Andy Murray gets covered in the slime immediately after winning a Nickelodeon Kids'' s Teen Choice Award.
Alain de Vigneault, is confident and optimistic that the Rangers will re - sign for Ryan Callahan.
Alain Vigneault is confident, and optimistic the new Rangers'club will re - sign Ryan Callahan.
Alain Vigneault is confident and he is optimistic the Rangers will also eventually re - sign Ryan Callahan.
Alain Vigneault is now also confident and optimistic that the Rangers will retro - sign Ryan Callahan.
Alain Vigneault, is confident, and optimistic the Texas Rangers will re - permanently sign Ryan Callahan.
The doors of all the other Tesla vehicles themselves can be hacked.
The doors of the brand new Tesla electric vehicles can be hacked.
The doors inside of the two remaining Tesla vehicles can be hacked.
The doors of the Tesla battery electric vehicles can also be hacked.
The doors of the new generation Tesla electric vehicles can be hacked.
Tchaikovsky himself was gay.
Tchaikovsky himself was gay.
Tchaikovsky himself was gay.
Tchaikovsky himself was gay.
Tchaikovsky himself was gay.
Police found no evidence available to support all the allegations Rick Murphy abused.
Police found virtually no evidence to support allegations Rickie Lee Murphy abused.
Police have found no evidence to support allegations made that Rick Murphy abused.
Police found virtually no evidence to support allegations made that Rick Murphy abused.
Police found no physical evidence to support the allegations that Rick Murphy abused.
Probiotics don't always prevent early childhood asthma.
Probiotics don't nearly always prevent childhood asthma.
Probiotics don't always prevent severe childhood asthma.
Probiotics don't always prevent early childhood asthma.
Probiotics don't always prevent severe childhood asthma.
Country star Brad Jackson Paisley will perform live at Mile - One Centre.
Country star Brad Jackson Paisley will perform at the Mile - One Centre.
Country star Brad Paisley will also perform at Mile High - One Centre.
Country music radio star, Brad Paisley will perform at Mile One Centre.
Country star Brad Paisley will also perform at the new Mile One Centre.
A free income tax re - preparation service will be offered.
A free tax preparation service program program will also be offered.
A free monthly free tax preparation service will also be offered.
A free corporate tax preparation online consulting service will be offered.
A monthly, free tax preparation service will also be offered.
Steven Jackson scored but left United when injured with a injury.
Steven Jackson scored but left United with him only a injury.
Steven Jackson scored, but injury left him with a injury.
Steven Jackson scored but left with to it only a injury.
Steven Jackson originally scored but was later left with a injury.
AIB Bank has also completed the issue of a further € 500m of unsecured debt.
AIB has completed the bond issue process of clearing a further € 500m unsecured debt.
AIB has also completed the issue of a €. 2 2 500m unsecured debt.
AIB Bank has completed the issue of a further €1, 500m unsecured debt.
AIB Bank Limited has also completed the bond issue of a € 500m unsecured debt.
Hyundai Motor Motor will move to build up part of a plant in Chongqing of China.
Hyundai Motor will also move to and build a new plant in the Chongqing of China.
Hyundai Motor will move on to build up of a new plant in Chongqing of China.
Hyundai Motor Car Corporation will move on site to build a plant in Chongqing of China.
Hyundai Motor will move to mainland China and build a plant in Chongqing city of China.
A con - man is often being sought out after defrauding job seekers.
A con man, who is being sought after defrauding by job seekers.
A con man is being increasingly sought out, after defrauding job seekers.
A con man who is often being sought after defrauding by job seekers.
A con - artist man is being sought after defrauding by job seekers.
A Holocaust memorial and portrait exhibit has arrived recently in Fergus Falls.
A Holocaust memorial portrait exhibitor has arrived in downtown Fergus Falls.
A Holocaust memorial and portrait exhibit project has arrived in Fergus Falls.
A new Holocaust memorial portrait and exhibit has arrived in Fergus Falls.
A brand new Holocaust portraiture exhibit has arrived in Fergus Falls.
He's after re - signing on with, the Seahawks.
He's released after re - signing with both the Seahawks.
He's after re - signing with, and the Seahawks.
He's released after re - signing on with the Seahawks.
He's after his re - signing with, the Seahawks.
The United States is a rising star globally, in terms of its growing global manufacturing competitiveness.
The United States is a rapidly rising growth star in the terms only of global manufacturing competitiveness.
The Westernized United - States is a rising growth star in terms of global manufacturing competitiveness.
The United States economy today is a rising star in terms only of global global manufacturing competitiveness.
The Western United States is a rising star, in the terms only of global manufacturing competitiveness.
A woman who was robbed twice at a gunpoint on Harford Road.
A woman, who was robbed at a gunpoint on Harford Road.
A woman was also robbed, at gunpoint, on Harford Road.
A young woman who was also robbed at gunpoint on Harford Road.
A woman was robbed, possibly at gunpoint, on Harford Road.
Mukhtar Ramalan Yero yesterday he fired all the 24 commissioners.
Mukhtar, Ramalan, Yero yesterday has fired 24 commissioners.
Mukhtar Ramalan of Yero yesterday has fired all 24 commissioners.
Mukhtar and General Ramalan of Yero yesterday fired 24 commissioners.
Mukhtar and Ramalan Yerozmi yesterday fired 24 commissioners.
Regional and international trade and integration was as it would help revive economy.
Regional trade integration was as important if it would help to revive economy.
Regional trade and integration was important as it also would help revive economy.
Regional trade and integration was as what it hoped would help revive economy.
Regional trade integration was as if it would help them to revive economy.
How to pay off all the payday student loans faster.
How best to pay off payday student - loans faster.
How to get pay - off payday student loans faster.
How to help pay off the payday student loans faster.
How to pay off the big payday student loans faster.
Rafael Nadal also has advanced to the quarter quarterfinals of both and the Australian Open.
Rafael Nadal, also has advanced directly to the quarter quarterfinals of the Australian Open.
Rafael Nadal has also advanced up to reach the quarterfinals stage of the Australian Open.
Rafael Nadal has also advanced directly to reach the quarterfinals of the 2018 Australian Open.
Rafael de Nadal also recently, has advanced to the quarterfinals of the Australian Open.
Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom eventually lost his Supreme Court Court bid to access to the US government evidence against him.
Megaupload founder Kimmel Dotcom lost his 2008 Supreme Court Supreme Court bid to access US government evidence against him.
Megauploads founder, Kim Dotcom lost in his Supreme Court Court 2012 bid to access US evidence against him.
Megauploads founder Kim Dotcom eventually lost his successful US Supreme Court bid attempting to access US evidence against him.
Megaupload founder, Kim Dotcom lost his Supreme Court Court confirmation bid to successfully access US evidence collected against him.
Bitter cold is expected not to continue on over, with the next worst storm yet to come come early next week.
Bitter cold is now expected to continue over, with the worst yet still to come, early the morning next week.
Bitter cold is expected to soon continue over, with perhaps the worst storm yet to come in early the next week.
Bitter cold is expected to continue over, with perhaps the worst yet not expected to come and come early next week.
Bitter cold is expected not to continue over, with perhaps the worst yet expected to come early in the next week.
Kerry Katona is determined to help move her things forward with her life.
Kerry Katona is determined to finally move forward once again with her life.
Kerry - Katona is determined to move her things forward with her life.
Kerry Katona is determined to finally finally move forward again with her life.
Kerry Katona is determined now to finally move forward again with her life.
Jockey Timmy Murphy, has been recently given a lifetime ban in an alleged alleged altercation in the weighing room.
Jockey Timmy Murphy has also also recently been given a ban in having an altercation while in the weighing room.
Jockey Timmy Murphy has also been given a banter in having an altercation, while in the weighing room.
Jockey Timmy Murphy, has also been given a lifetime driving ban in an altercation in the horse weighing room.
Jockey Timmy - Joe Murphy has been given a ban in an alleged physical altercation while in the weighing room.
Simon Simon Cowell, is also expecting a baby with Lauren Silverman.
Simon Cowell is expecting a brand - new baby with Lauren Silverman.
Simon Cowell, is also expecting a baby, with Lauren Silverman.
Simon Cowell, who is expecting a new baby with Lauren Silverman.
Simon Cowell is expecting a baby baby - girl with Lauren Silverman.
Saudi authorities, will likely also flog an Egyptian activist.
Saudi Arabian authorities reportedly will flog an imprisoned Egyptian activist.
Saudi - Arabian authorities will flogging an Egyptian activist.
Saudi authorities also, will allegedly flog an Egyptian activist.
Saudi Arabian authorities will flogging an imprisoned Egyptian activist.
Julia Louis - Dreyfus stripped down for the edition of Meets the Rolling Stone.
Julia Louis - Dreyfus was also stripped down for the special edition of Rolling Stone.
Julia Louis - Dreyfus stripped down costumes designed for the special edition of Rolling Stone.
Julia Louis - Dreyfus was stripped down for reading the French edition of Rolling Stone.
Julia Louis - Dreyfus stripped down for reading the first edition of the Rolling Stone.
UNICEF roped Sachin Tendulkar in 2013 as their new brand ambassador.
UNICEF also roped in Sachin Tendulkar as their new brand ambassador.
UNICEF roped in Sachin Tendulkar - in as their brand ambassador.
UNICEF roped Sachin Tendulkar in as being named their brand ambassador.
UNICEF also roped Sachin Kumar - Tendulkar as their brand ambassador.
The Echo Nest, as the industry's leading music intelligence company, until today, expands its platform to include digital music advertising.
The company Echoes Nest, the music industry's music intelligence company, today expands operations on its platform to digital music advertising.
The Echo Nest, as the industry's second leading digital music intelligence company, today, expands its platform to digital music advertising.
The Echo Nest, the industry's music intelligence and software company, today, expands on its platform to include digital music advertising.
The company Echo Nest, the industry's music industry business intelligence company, has today expands its platform to include digital music advertising.
Anite will also implement the new OPTICOM's wireless video testing algorithm in its new Nemo wireless network testing tools.
Anite will also implement OPTICOM's video testing software algorithm used in its Nemo wireless wireless wireless network testing tools.
Anite will implement OPTICOM's video - testing optimization algorithm used in its Nemo based wireless network video testing tools.
Anite will implement the new OPTICOM's video - testing algorithm in its Nemo based wireless network - testing tools.
Anite will now also implement the new OPTICOM's wireless video testing algorithm in its Nemo wireless network testing tools.
Two new cold weather shelters will also be open Friday night.
Two brand new cold weather shelters that will open Friday night.
Two cold weather and rain shelters will be open Friday night.
Two cold - weather shelters that will be open Friday night.
Two new cold weather shelters will open up on Friday night.
Simond Cowell is planning on a proposal.
Simon Cowell, is currently planning a proposal.
Simon Cowell, is currently planning a proposal.
Simon Cowell is planning work on a proposal.
Simon Cowell is planning work on a proposal.
The inaugural 2009 Carolina Panthers used their franchise name tag on Greg Hardy.
The Carolina Panthers also used as their franchise name tag on Greg Hardy.
The Carolina Panthers used as their franchise tag on starting quarterback Greg Hardy.
The 2009 expansion Carolina Panthers used their new franchise tag on Greg Hardy.
The Carolina Panthers used as their primary franchise name tag on Greg Hardy.
HTC Insurance Corp. also posted down its quarterly net loss.
HTC Corp. posted out its quarterly annual gross net loss.
HTC Corp. also posted out of its quarterly net loss.
HTC Corp. also posted down its quarterly annual net loss.
HTC Corp. has posted its quarterly and annual net loss.
NFL players may have agreed not to participate directly in a HGH study.
NFL players have agreed to or did not participate in a HGH study.
NFL and college football players have agreed to participate in a HGH study.
NFL college football players have also agreed to participate in a HGH study.
NFL players have agreed to or not participate in such a HGH study.
Salman Khan turns - up 48 and, so Salman threw a grand - birthday bash.
Salman Khan turns 48 and, so Salman, Khan threw a grand - birthday bash.
Salman Khan turns 48, died and, Salman Khan threw out a grand birthday bash.
Salman Khan turns up 48, died and, Salman threw a huge grand birthday bash.
Salman Ali - Khan turns 48, and, Salman Ali threw a grand birthday bash.
The North Atlantic X Prize Foundation announced in 2017 its competition, is the Wendy Schmidt Ocean Health X Prize.
The X Prize Foundation has also announced its first international competition, the Wendy Schmidt International Ocean Health X Prize.
The X Prize Foundation announced at midnight its first competition, the 2014 Wendy Schmidt Oceanic Health X Prize.
The X Prize Foundation announced, in its competition, the inaugural 2014 Wendy Schmidt Oceanic Health X Prize.
The 2014 X Prizes Foundation announced its competition, the 2014 Wendy Schmidt Oceanic Health Foundation X Prize.
An assistant city - manager nearly immediately lost his own home to foreclosure.
An elderly assistant city manager nearly lost half his own home to foreclosure.
An assistant - city manager who nearly lost all his home to foreclosure.
An assistant vice - city manager nearly lost half his home to foreclosure.
An elderly assistant city manager had nearly lost his own home to foreclosure.
A Navasota man was sentenced twice to 20 - years for a federal - felony drug conviction.
A Navasota County black man was sentenced to just over 20 years for a felony drug conviction.
A Navasota County man was sentenced to 20 years imprisonment for a felony prescription - drug conviction.
A Navasota man was sentenced to 20 years imprisonment, for a felony prescription - drug conviction.
A Navasota County man was sentenced 15 to 20 years for a felony prescription - drug conviction.
The silver and rupee remained flat.
The rupee had always remained flat.
The rupee bill had remained flat.
The silver and rupee remained flat.
The rupee had always remained flat.
Disneyland : Magical World is now available exclusively for the Nintendo 3DS.
Disney Magical World Online is now available for the Super Nintendo Nintendo 3DS.
Disney Magical World is now only made fully available for the Nintendo 3DS.
Disney : The Magical World Tour is now available for the Nintendo 3DS.
Disney Magical Adventure World is now only available for the Super Nintendo 3DS.
Buyers who are going right back to Greece.
Buyers, who are going back to Greece.
Buyers are going right right back to Greece.
Buyers who are not going back to Greece.
Buyers are now going back home to Greece.
Governor, Chris Christie, signed 10 new gun bills.
Governor Chris Christie signed all 10 major state gun bills.
Governor Chris Christie Christie Christie signed 10 new gun bills.
Governor Chris Christie Christie Christie has signed 10 gun bills.
Governor, Chris Christie, has signed 10 gun bills.
A Cottondale woman is currently facing federal criminal drug charges.
A young Cottondale woman who is facing federal drug charges.
A Cottondale woman who died is facing federal drug charges.
A very young Cottondale woman is also facing drug charges.
A former Cottondale woman who is currently facing drug charges.
Unifor also reached into a deal for a contract at the DHL - Express across Canada.
Unifor reached into a deal looking for a contract at the DHL - Express across Canada.
Unifor also reached a deal for signing a new contract at the DHL Express across Canada.
Unifor also reached a new deal for a contract extension at the DHL Express across Canada.
Unifor has also reached a deal for a new contract at DHL Express teams across Canada.
Three more people were later found hospitalized after a crash.
Three people injured were later hospitalized after suffering a crash.
Three people seriously injured were later hospitalized after a crash.
Three other people injured were hospitalized after suffering a crash.
Three people injured were hospitalized after suffering from a crash.
Tribury Rotary, the Rotary International Club, will also celebrate the upcoming, 2nd - Annual Taste.
Triburys Rotary, the Rotary International Athletic Club International Club, will celebrate the 2nd Annual Taste.
Tribury Rotary, and the Rotary International Club, will also annually celebrate the upcoming 2nd Annual Taste.
Tribury Rotary, Incorporated, and the International Rotary International Club, will celebrate the 2nd Annual Taste.
Triburys International Rotary, the Rotary International Club, will celebrate in the upcoming 2nd Annual Taste.
The US Federal Senate on Monday voted to end debate on, a, $ $ 956 billion farm bill.
The Senate Monday voted to endow the debate session on a, newly proposed $ 956 billion farm bill.
The Senate floor on Monday voted to end debate on a, proposed $ $ 956 - billion farm bill.
The Senate Monday voted to end debate on a, $, or $, $ 956 billion farm bill.
The Senate Monday session voted to end the debate on a, newly proposed $ 956 - billion farm bill.
A girl, who fell into a sinkhole at such a school.
A young girl fell into a sinkhole, at such a school.
A girl fell right into a deep sinkhole, at a school.
A girl fell right back into a big sinkhole at a school.
A young girl who fell into a sinkhole while at a school.
India's engineering and exports turned very positive again in August.
India's engineering and exports had turned very positive in August.
India's engineering and exports had turned very positive in August.
India's engineering exports have turned positive once again in August.
India's new civil engineering exports turned very positive in August.
More people are working in both Clarkston County and Champaign counties.
More people are working in the both Clark and West Champaign counties.
More recent people are working here in both Clark and Champaign counties.
More young people are working in Clarkston County and Champaign counties.
More people are also now working here in Clark and Champaign counties.
The TUC also strongly commend Ghanaians.
The current TUC members commend Ghanaians.
The TUC also strongly commend Ghanaians.
The current Ghana TUC commend Ghanaians.
The TUC also strongly commend Ghanaians.
Milwaukee Police Department are also asking to help solve three major bank robberies.
Milwaukee Police Operations Department are also asking to help solve three bank robberies.
Milwaukee Police Department are asking to help help solve three major bank robberies.
Milwaukee Police are asking him again to help help solve three bank robberies.
Milwaukee Police Department are asking to help help solve three major bank robberies.
An aid - train convoy was also poised to enter the Syrian city center of Homs Monday.
An aid convoy or convoy was poised to enter and into the Syrian city of Homs Monday.
An international aid - train convoy was also poised to enter the Syrian city of Homs Monday.
An aid convoy convoy was poised to enter the Syrian capital city city of the Homs Monday.
An aid convoy or military convoy was also poised to enter the Syrian city of Homs Monday.
Matilda Baffour - Awuah, would also continue with the modernisation of the prison structures.
Matilda Baffour - Awuah, would continue on with the complete modernisation of prison structures.
Matilda Baffour - Awuah would later also continue on with the modernisation of prison structures.
Matilda Baffour - Awuah, would also continue with the extensive modernisation of prison structures.
Matilda Baffour - Awuah, who would continue with the modernisations of prison structures.
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc reported a nearly a 7 percent rise in profit.
IntercontinentalExchange Inc. reported a nearly 7 percent rise rate in profit.
IntercontinentalExchange Inc. reported only a 7 percent rise rate in profit.
IntercontinentalExchange Inc. reported only a 7 percent rise rate in profit.
IntercontinentalExchange, Inc reported a 7 percent rise rate increase in profit.
Tommy Morrison, a former heavyweight boxing champion, who also has died.
Tommy Lee Morrison, a former former heavyweight boxing champion, has died.
Tommy Lee Morrison, a former heavyweight world boxing champion, has died.
Tommy Morrison, a former world light heavyweight champion, also has died.
Tommy Morrison, a former and former heavyweight boxing champion, has died.
Shares of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia saw a strong online trading volume, following a better expected - than - expected earnings announcement.
Shares of both Martha Stewart and Living Omnimedia saw strong trading in volume following up to a better than previously expected earnings announcement.
Shares of all the new Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia saw a strong trading in high volume following a better than expected earnings announcement.
Shares of Martha Stewart Stewart Living Omnimedia saw strong trading in volume following up to a better than expected 2010 annual earnings announcement.
Shares of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia saw strong trading volume following in a very much - better than previously - expected earnings announcement.
He was almost always pointing to him himself about providing leadership.
He never really was pointing to being himself about providing leadership.
He was pointing it out to him himself about providing leadership.
He was pointing to him himself, about not providing leadership.
He was always busy pointing out to himself about providing leadership.
Tomb Raider sales have exceeded over a 4 - million units.
Tombstone Raider DVD sales have exceeded 4 - million units.
Tomb Raider sales have by now exceeded over 4 million units.
Tombstone Raider sales have now exceeded 4 - million units.
Tomb Raider DVD sales alone have exceeded over 4 million units.
RelateIQ Inc. has raised $ $ 40 million.
RelateIQ Inc. has raised $ $ 40 million.
RelateIQ, Inc. has raised $ 40 million.
RelateIQ Inc. has since raised $ 40 million.
RelateIQ Inc., has raised $ 40 million.
Arvind Kejriwal paid tributes to late Shri. BR Ambedkar.
Arvind Singh Kejriwal paid many important tributes to BR Ambedkar.
Arvind and Kejriwal paid tributes, also to BR Ambedkar.
Arvind Kejriwal paid him many tributes also to BR Ambedkar.
Arvind and Kejriwal paid many tributes to Shri BR Ambedkar.
Melissa Joane Hart shared quite some words full of spiritual wisdom for Miley Cyrus.
Melissa Joanne Hart shared some words of her spiritual wisdom written for Miley Cyrus.
Melissa Joan Hart shared in some words of her wisdom for singer, Miley Cyrus.
Melissa and Mary Joan Hart shared some rare words of spiritual wisdom for Miley Cyrus.
Melissa Joan Hart shared some rare words of wisdom written especially specifically for Miley Cyrus.
Today is World Wide Tropical Malaria Day.
Today is World Tropical and Malaria Day.
Today, it is World Malaria Day.
Today, it is World Malaria Day.
Today is the World Tropical Malaria Day.
Smartphones that are rapidly becoming, and selling will be smarter by 2017.
Smartphones are becoming, however and they will be smarter, by 2017.
Smartphones worldwide are becoming, and will be smarter, globally by 2017.
Smartphones are rapidly becoming, and will likely be, smarter by 2017.
Smartphones today are becoming, and will, be much smarter by 2017.
Britney Spears may also be just about headed for a breakdown because instead she dyed her blonde hair brown.
Britney - Spears Spears may be headed straight for a breakdown, because she dyed her blonde hair brown.
Britney Spears may not be headed for a nervous breakdown breakdown because, instead she dyed her hair brown.
Britney and Spears'fans also may be headed for a breakdown because she has dyed her hair brown.
Britney Spears - Spears may also be also headed for a breakdown, because she dyed her hair brown.
Warships of Indian Coast Guard attend to a exercise held annually off the west coast of Mumbai.
Warships Squadron of Indian Coast Defense Guard will attend a exercise off the coast port of Mumbai.
Warships Squadron of Indian Coast Guard Guard attend a exercise held annually off the coast of Mumbai.
Warships Squadron of Indian Ocean Coast Defense Guard attend to a exercise off the coast of Mumbai.
Warships units of the Indian Coast Guard will attend a training exercise off the coast of Mumbai.
A high mortality rate may be directly or negatively linked to care quality causing more avoidable deaths.
A high infant mortality rate also, may be linked directly to care quality causing avoidable deaths.
A high mortality rate may be linked more directly to care and quality causing more avoidable deaths.
A high mortality incidence rate may be linked directly to care quality causing even more avoidable deaths.
A high mortality rate also may not be directly linked to care quality, causing avoidable deaths.
A brand new exhibition space will celebrate the DIY rainbow movement.
A exhibition will also celebrate both the DIY and rainbow movement.
A exhibition will celebrate the new DIY and the rainbow movement.
A exhibition will celebrate achievements made in the DIY rainbow movement.
A exhibition will also celebrate of the new DIY rainbow movement.
Rupee Bank was opened at Rs 61. 90.
Rupee was also opened at Rs 61. 90.
Rupee opened at around Rs. 61. 90.
Rupee opened up again at Rs 61. 90.
Rupee opened up at Rs. 61. 90.
The British pound value alone has also risen against the US dollar.
The British imperial silver pound has risen sharply against the US dollar.
The current British pound has also risen sharply against the US dollar.
The British pound has also risen quite sharply against the US dollar.
The British pound has also risen sharply against half the US dollar.
SSE China Investment Information Services will act both jointly as the Chinese official distributor and licensor of Deutsche Börse and to market data based financial products in mainland China.
SSE China China Investment Information Services will act as the official data distributor and licensor of Deutsche Börse and to market electronic business and data products in mainland China.
SSE China Investment Information Services Ltd will act as the official distributorship and licensor company of Deutsche Börse to help distribute market data and products in mainland China.
SSE China China Investment and Information Technology Services will act as the official Chinese distributorship and licensor body of Deutsche Börse market data and products in mainland China.
SSE and China Investment and Information Services will act as the official distributors for and licensor of Deutscher Börse market data and products in the mainland China.
Tottenham Hotspur have sacked Andre Villas - Boas following on the English club's defeat away game to Liverpool.
Tottenham and Hotspur have also sacked Andre Villas - Boas following the latter club's defeat away to Liverpool.
Tottenham Hotspur would have sacked Andre Villas Pérez Pérez - Boas following the club's final defeat to Liverpool.
Tottenham and Tottenham Tottenham Hotspur have sacked Andre Villas - Boas following the club's defeat away to Liverpool.
Tottenham Hotspur would have also sacked Andre Villas - Boas, following the English club's defeat to Liverpool.
Demi Lovato says that she couldn't go an entire hour without ever actually using cocaine.
Demián Lovato says that, she just couldn't go an hour without using cocaine.
Demi Lovato later says that she just couldn't go an hour straight without using cocaine.
Demi Lovato says she just couldn't go an entire hour - straight without using cocaine.
Demi Lovato says she " just couldn't go for an hour " without using cocaine.
That caused the National Weather Weather Service office to issue a more severe freeze warning.
That caused the National Weather Weather Advisory Advisory Service to issue a severe freeze warning.
That caused even the US based National Weather Service to issue a severe freeze warning.
That caused even the National Weather Service Weather Service to immediately issue a freeze warning.
That caused even the US National Weather Service had to immediately issue a freeze warning.
Pacific Gas Gas & Electric Co., will argue federal and federal bankruptcy law trumps state law.
Pacific Gas & Electric Electric Electric Co. will also argue that federal bankruptcy law trumps state law.
Pacific Gas Gas & Electric Power Supply Company Co. will argue federal bankruptcy law trumps state law.
Pacific Gas & Electric Co., which also will argue federal bankruptcy protection law trumps state law.
Pacific Gas Gas & Electric Co. will not argue federal bankruptcy consumer protection law trumps state law.
Pakistan's defence ministry has said US - military drone strikes have killed 676 civilians since 2008.
Pakistan's defence ministry has said US drone strikes have reportedly killed over - 67 civilians since 2008.
Pakistan's defence ministry said US - military drone air strikes have killed 676 civilians since 2008.
Pakistan's national defence affairs ministry said US drone strikes alone would have killed 67 civilians since 2008.
Pakistan's official national defence affairs affairs ministry said US drone strikes have killed 67 civilians since 2008.
Alanna Mannus has been ruled out for over six weeks.
Alanna Mannusch has not been ruled for six weeks.
Alan Mannus has not been ruled for well over six weeks.
Alan Mannusch has not been officially ruled for six weeks.
Alanna Mannusch has been ruled out for six weeks.
The Indian diplomat, Devyani Khobragade, had diplomatic immunity at the very same time because of indictment.
The Indian diplomat, Devyani Ram Singh Khobragade had diplomatic immunity and immunity at the time of indictment.
The Indian government diplomat, Dr Devyani Khobragade had diplomatic immunity immunity at about the time of indictment.
The Indian diplomat, Dr Devyani Khobragade had the diplomatic immunity immunity granted at the time of indictment.
The former Indian diplomat, Dr Dr Devyani Khobragade had diplomatic immunity granted at the time of indictment.
Actor SEAN HAYES is reuniting, along with his WILL & MEGAN MULLALLY character, on his brand new sitcom.
Actor, SEAN HAYES is reuniting with his wife WILL & MEGAN MULLALLY on writing for his brand new sitcom.
Actor SEAN HAYES is now reuniting with his WILL & THE MEGAN MULLALLY character later on in his new sitcom.
Actor SEAN HAYES, is reuniting himself with both his WILL & MEGAN MULLALLY on his brand - new sitcom.
Actor, SEAN HAYES is reuniting himself with both of his friends WILL & MEGAN MULLALLY on his new sitcom.
Israeli forces also demolished down the entire Bedouin village for the 68th time.
Israeli security forces demolished the Bedouin refugee village for the record 68th time.
Israeli forces demolished - down the Bedouin village for the record 68th time.
Israeli forces demolished the Bedouin Palestinian Arab refugee village for the 68th time.
Israeli forces demolished the Bedouin village for the record breaking and 68th time.
Two other injured people were left trapped after a car crash between a car and two trucks.
Two people were trapped inside it after a car crash between both a car and two trucks.
Two dozen more people were trapped after a crash between a partially parked car and two trucks.
Two - five hundred more people were trapped after a crash between a car and two trucks.
Two people were trapped inside, after a crash between a car park and the two trucks.
A former partner is rejoining Jones Day as being the law firm's new South Asia head.
A new former partner, is rejoining with Jones Day as the law firm's Asia head.
A former senior partner who resigned is rejoining Jones Day as is the firm's Asia head.
A new third former partner is now rejoining Jones Day as the law firm's Asia head.
A former partner is rejoining Joneses Day & Day, as the firm's Asia head.
Brazil will also soon be host an conference on internet governance.
Brazil Telecoms will also host an conference on internet governance.
Brazil will host also an conference on global and internet governance.
Brazil will also host an conference on the free internet governance.
Brazil will also host an conference on global and internet governance.
James Patrick Faulkner has also also suffered a knee injury.
James Faulkner has also recently suffered from a knee injury.
James Faulkner, also has suffered from a knee injury.
James Faulkner, who also has suffered a knee injury.
James - Michael Faulkner has also suffered a knee injury.
Mark thinks Darcy Smith is dead.
Mark thinks that Darcy is dead.
Markham thinks Darcy is dead.
Mark thinks Darcy Smith is dead.
Mark thinks Darcy Smith is dead.
The CBI has given a clean chit, to and Amit Shaheed, in the Ishrat and Shah Jahan case.
The Delhi CBI also has given a very clean chit chat to and Amit Ali Shah in the Ishrat Jahan case.
The CBI has " given a very clean chit " to him and Amit Shah in handling the Ishrat Jahan case.
The New Delhi CBI has also given a cleansing chit to and Amit Ali Shah in the Ishrat Jahan case.
The CBI has also given him a clean chit to and Amit and Mohammad Ali Shah in the Ishrat Jahan case.
A young Bolivian man who claims to be the oldest living person known to have ever ever actually lived has attributed.
A young Bolivian man who claims himself to be the oldest living person known to have ever lived there has attributed.
A Bolivian man, who claims to quite possibly be the oldest person known to have ever lived, has attributed.
A young Bolivian man who claims to be the oldest person and to possibly, ever have ever lived has attributed.
A young, Bolivian man, who claims himself to be the second oldest person to have ever lived has attributed.
Society itself is once more splitting up, into two hostile camps.
Society itself itself is more like splitting up into two hostile camps.
Society is more splitting up into just the two most hostile camps.
Society is once more splitting itself up into the two hostile camps.
Society itself is more splitting up, into two equally hostile camps.
The Long Island Electric Power Developments Authority offered options to redeem back up to $ 2. 5 billion of its bonds.
The Long Island Power Authority has offered to help redeem up to $ 2. 5 billion of all of all its bonds.
The Long Island Power Developments Authority offered to redeem up up to US $ 2. 5 billion worth of its bonds.
The Long Island Power Development Authority has offered options to redeem up to US $ 2. 5 5 billion of its bonds.
The new Long Island Power Authority has been offered options to redeem up - to $ 2. 5 billion of its bonds.
Twitter shares also took a high tumbler on poor user growth data.
Twitter shares took a tumble based on poor overall user - growth data.
Twitter shares also took a tumble on poorer user - growth data.
Twitter account shares also took a tumbler on poor user growth data.
Twitter shares have also took a tumbler on poor user growth data.
A motorcyclist is later killed after crashing while allegedly fleeing from police.
A police patrol car motorcyclist is after crashing while fleeing from police.
A young motorcyclist who is after crashing while fleeing away from police.
A police motorcyclist is later killed after crashing while fleeing from police.
A motorcyclist is after seeing such a crashing while fleeing from police.
A Crystal Lake man is in critical condition after " he was hit " by " an overturned and overturned ice cream truck.
A dying young Crystal Lake man is in critical condition after he accidentally was hit by an overturned ice - cold cream truck.
A Crystal Lake man is in critical condition, after he himself was hit twice by someone driving an ice - cream truck.
A Crystal - Lake man is in critical condition after he was accidentally hit by an illegally overturned Chevrolet ice - cream truck.
A Crystal - haired Hot Lake City man who is in critical condition after he died was hit by an ice cream truck.
Emirates increased its capacity on using the new Dubai - Los Angeles route.
Emirates increased capacity significantly on the proposed new Dubai - Los Angeles route.
Emirates increased its capacity on operating both the Dubai - Los Angeles route.
Emirates increased capacity on operating both of the Dubai - Los Angeles route.
Emirates increased significantly its capacity on the new Dubai - Los Angeles route.
The National Weather Weather Service Service's still summered in the Poconos.
The National Weather Weather Service Service's still in summer in the Poconos.
The US National Weather Service's staff still summered in the Poconos.
The National Weather Service Service Service's is still summer in the Poconos.
The National Weather Service Service's is still summer in all the Poconos.
A jewel heist marks the two third jewel thefts in Cannes in this 2013.
A jewel heist also marks the third jewel thefts in the Cannes this 2013.
A second jewel heist marks the twenty - third theft in the Cannes this 2013.
A second jeweler - heist marks the third theft in the Cannes this 2013.
A second jewel heist also marks the record third theft in the Cannes this 2013.
I really am going to go go meet the police commissioner.
I am going to meet with the local city police commissioner.
I am going out tonight to meet the local police commissioner.
I am not going to go and meet the police commissioner.
I really really am going out to meet the police commissioner.
You're leaving all the money on under the table.
You guys're leaving all the money on the table.
You're not just leaving money on under the table.
You're leaving all the extra money on the table.
You're leaving money on the under - the table.
Komex is now launching a happy hour.
Kome is launching a new brand happy hour.
Komex is launching a new happy hour.
Komexx is launching a happy hour.
Komex is launching a new happy hour.
Michael Le - Vell is now taking quite a break from Coronation Street.
Michaela Le Vell is taking a short break from leaving Coronation Street.
Michael Le Vellu is now taking a break away from Coronation Street.
Michael Le - Vell is now taking a break from presenting Coronation Street.
Michael Le'Vellu is taking a break from presenting Coronation Street.
A passenger in a suspected stolen police car died in downtown Long Beach after a violent local police pursuit.
A passenger in driving off in a stolen police car died in Long Beach shortly after a police pursuit.
A passenger riding in a stolen police car died suddenly, presumably in Long Beach after a police pursuit.
A female passenger in a suspected stolen car had died in Long Beach Beach shortly after a police pursuit.
A passenger in a recently stolen car had died suddenly in Long Beach, after a violent police pursuit.
Meredith Corp. has completed its pending acquisition sale of the assets portion of KMOV AM - TV.
Meredith Corp., which has completed its acquisition and deal of the assets of KMOV - TV.
Meredith Corp., has recently successfully completed its pending acquisition of the assets of KMOV - TV.
Meredith Communications Corp. has recently completed its acquisition of the assets portion of the KMOV - TV.
Meredith Corp., which has now completed its acquisition of all the assets of KMOV - TV.
Amazon. com, Inc. expects to hire more than 70, 000 000 seasonal employees.
Amazon. com, Inc expects to eventually hire more than 70, 000 new seasonal employees.
Amazon. com, Inc expects to hire annually more than than 70, 000 seasonal employees.
Amazon. com Inc expects to hire annually, with more than 70, 000 seasonal employees.
Amazon... com Inc expects to hire annually more than 70, 000 seasonal employees.
Tommie Brokawicz has also been diagnosed with cancer.
Tommie Brokaw has recently also been diagnosed with cancer.
Tommie Brokaw has also been diagnosed recently with cancer.
Tom Brokawicz has also been diagnosed recently with cancer.
Tom Brokaw has also recently also been diagnosed with cancer.
The MTV Blacklist has set a new national record for biggest live plus three - day increase in the entire US cable television history, in total viewership.
The annual Hollywood Blacklist has set a then new national record, for biggest ever live plus three day increase in US television history, in total viewership.
The Blacklist has set up for a then - new record for biggest live plus twenty - three day audience increase in US television history in total viewership.
The Blacklist has also set yet a new record for biggest live plus three day live audience increase in US domestic cable television viewing history in total viewership.
The Blacklist has set yet a new American record for the biggest live audience plus three day increase ) ever in US television ratings history in total viewership.
Lewis - Hamilton also has a huge amount out of respect for Sir Jenson Button.
Lewis Hamilton has also shown a not hugely amount of respect for Jenson Button.
Lewis - Hamilton has shown him a huge amount of respect especially for Jenson Button.
Lewis Hamilton has a huge amount out there of his respect for Sir Jenson Button.
Lewis Hamilton also, reportedly has a huge amount of personal respect for Jenson Button.
A large yellowed rubber duck duck arrived in Pittsburgh.
A yellow rubbery duck had just arrived in Pittsburgh.
A yellowed rubbery duck arrived back in Pittsburgh.
A large, yellowed rubber duck arrived in Pittsburgh.
A yellow rubber duck duck - duck arrived in Pittsburgh.
Los Angeles County traffic - ticket lawyer, named Mr. Ticket, has launched a brand new website.
Los Angeles County County traffic ticketing lawyer, Mr. Ticket, has launched a brand new website.
Los Angeles traffic ticket lawyer, now named as Mr. Ticket, has also launched a new website.
Los Angeles traffic - ticket lawyer, Mr. Bill Ticket, has also launched yet a new website.
Los Angeles'traffic - ticketing lawyer, Mr. Ticket, has launched yet a new website.
Barack Obama said that Russia has violated international law in not fully supporting its intervention in Ukraine.
Barack - Obama has said Russia has violated international law, in particular its intervention in Ukraine.
Barack Obama said Russia has violated international humanitarian law, in supporting its military intervention in Ukraine.
Barack Obama has said Russia has not violated international law in supporting for its intervention in Ukraine.
Barack Obama said publicly that Russia has violated international law in its military military intervention in Ukraine.
Digital security giant, Gemalto is also actively expanding its Austin workforce.
Digital security software development giant Gemalto is expanding on its Austin workforce.
Digital security giant, Gemalto, is expanding its downtown Austin workforce.
Digital security software giant, Gemalto is expanding its downtown Austin workforce.
Digital - security giant, Gemalto is also expanding its Austin workforce.
We don't enjoy people taking almost all our clothes off.
We just... don't enjoy taking all our clothes off.
We don't even enjoy taking our own damn clothes off.
We just don't enjoy people taking our own clothes off.
We don't enjoy other people taking our own clothes off.
Facebook Canada has opened an office and branch in Montreal.
Facebook Canada Ltd has opened an additional office in Montreal.
Facebook has opened up an office branch office in Montreal.
Facebook has also opened up an office space in Montreal.
Facebook has also recently opened up an office in Montreal.
Tata Steel Steel has launched in the new third phase of project, RISHTA, in the Kalinganagar area.
Tata Steel has also launched the third phase of the project, called Project RISHTA, in Kalinganagar area.
Tata Steel Corporation has launched the third phase phase of project, RISHTA, in developing the Kalinganagar area.
Tata Steel has recently also launched the new third phase of project, RISHTA, located in Kalinganagar area.
Tata Steel has launched the new third and major phase of project, RISHTA, located in Kalinganagar area.
TRIBUTES have also been paid tribute to a teenager who died shortly after falling into Great South Weymouth Harbour.
TRIBUTES coins which have also been paid to help commemorate a teenager who died after falling into Weymouth Harbour.
TRIBUTES have been paid to commemorate such a local teenager who died shortly after falling into Great Weymouth Harbour.
TRIBUTES may have been paid to a local unemployed teenager who died shortly after accidentally falling into Weymouth Harbour.
TRIBUTES have been paid to a local teenager who had died after falling backwards down stairs into Weymouth Harbour.
Rubin'` `'Hurricane'' Carter has died, aged 76.
Rubin Carter ` `'Hurricane'' Carter'has died aged 76.
Rubin Carter ` ` Hurricane'' Carter'has now died aged 76.
Rubin Carter Carter ` ` Hurricane'' Rubin Carter has died aged 76.
Rubin'` ` Hurricane'' Carter'has died, aged 76.
Telugu film actor Akkineni Nageswara Rama Rao also passed away.
Telugu film actor, Akkineni Nageswara Rama Rao passed away.
Telugu actor Akkineni Prasad Nageswara Rao has also passed away.
Telugu actor, director, Akkineni Nageswara Rao passed away.
Telugu language film actor, Akkineni Nageswara Rao passed away.
100 % of all the top 100 apps paid and Android apps paid apps have also been hacked.
100 % of the top 100 most paid Android apps paid exclusively for mobile apps have been hacked.
100 % % of the top 100 paid and Android mobile apps paid for apps have been hacked.
100 % all of the global top 100 paid Android apps and paid iOS apps have been hacked.
100 % all of the top - 100 paid Android apps and most paid apps have been hacked.
Three other foreigners have also been detained.
Three other foreigners have also been detained.
Three foreigners may also have been detained.
Three other foreigners have also been detained.
Three other foreigners have also been detained.
A Lonmin worker was also later shot dead.
A Lonmin worker also, was shot dead.
A Lonmin coal factory worker was shot dead.
A Lonmin worker, also was shot dead.
A Lonmin factory worker also was shot dead.
Neckermann Group will also expand promoting Jewish holidays in Romania in particular the Austrian market.
Neckermann will now also also expand promoting holidays in the Romania in the Austrian market.
Neckermann will expand promoting holidays abroad and in Romania in the brand new Austrian market.
Neckermann Group will also expand promoting the holidays abroad in Romania in the Austrian market.
Neckermann will expand to promoting public holidays in southern Romania in particular the Austrian market.
Over 200 young runners take part in annually running the Fun Run.
Over about a 200 runners take part annually in the Fun Run.
Over 200 race runners take part in running the annual Fun Run.
Over time about 200 runners take part in the annual Fun Run.
Over 200 runners will take part almost annually in the Fun Run.
Dougie Freedman is " looking forward to " finally officially adding the January window opens.
Dougie Freedman is looking much forward to the adding the first time January window opens.
Dougie Freedman is looking forward right now to finally officially adding the January window opens.
Dougie Freedman, who is looking much forward to adding the January 2018 window opens.
Dougie Freedman, is looking forward to adding when after the January 2018 window opens.
A mentally challenged son is later killed by his father.
A young mentally challenged son who nearly killed his father.
A then very young mentally challenged son killed his father.
A young mentally challenged son who killed off his father.
A mentally - challenged young foster son killed his father.
The Black Ravens have not closed the door yet on Dennison and Pitta returning.
The Ravens have not yet fully closed down the door on the Dennis Pitta returning.
The other Black Ravens have not closed the door yet on Dennis and Pitta returning.
The Ravens have not yet closed the door on the mysterious Dennis de Pitta returning.
The Ravens still have not even closed the front door yet on Dennis Pitta returning.
Lufthansa Bombardier Aviation Services GmbH has until today opened an aircraft maintenance hangar located in Berlin - Schoenefeld.
Lufthansa Bombardier Aviation Services GmbH GmbH has until today also opened up an hangar in Berlin - Schoenefeld.
Lufthansa Bombardier Aviation Services GmbH / GmbH has today also opened an aircraft hangar in Berlin - Schoenefeld.
Lufthansa Bombardier Siemens Aviation & Services GmbH, has today opened an hangar complex in Berlin - Schoenefeld.
Lufthansa, Bombardier Aviation Services GmbH, which has today opened an hangar in nearby Berlin - Schoenefeld.
Hard Rock Cafe will move its operations from Gatlinburg to nearby Pigeon Forge.
Hard T - Rock Cafe will also move from Gatlinburg to Pigeon Forge.
Hard Rock Cafe will also move operations from downtown Gatlinburg to Pigeon Forge.
Hard - Rock Cafe will also be move from Gatlinburg to Pigeon Forge.
Hard Rock Cafe will move its music operations from Gatlinburg to Pigeon Forge.
Axiom Telecom also launched it with the new BlackBerry Z30 smartphone.
Axiom Telecom also launched the brand - new BlackBerry Z30 smartphone.
Axiom Telecom also launched the new BlackBerry Galaxy and Z30 smartphone.
Axiom Telecom also launched with it the new BlackBerry Z30 smartphone.
Axiom Global Telecom launched 2016 with the new BlackBerry Z30 smartphone.
I've always just wanted to dog walk dogs at the pound.
I've wanted you to walk dogs at half of the pound.
I've wanted to go walk the dogs out at the pound.
I've always wanted to go go walk dogs at the pound.
I've always wanted to walk dogs around back at the pound.
Fiji Television Network Limited launched a brand and brand new channel.
Fiji Cable & Television Limited launched as a brand new channel.
Fijian Digital Cable Television Limited launched a brand new channel.
Fiji Cable Television Limited has also launched a brand new channel.
Fiji Cable Television Company Limited launched a brand - new channel.
VisitBritain has partnered to also host such a family movie night.
VisitBritain has also partnered up to host a family movie night.
VisitBritain partnered to host such as a popular family movie night.
VisitBritain partnered them up again to host a family movie night.
VisitBritain has also partnered to host a family themed movie night.
The national junior and juvenile team handball championships started this Sunday.
The Polish national junior national juvenile handball championships started this Sunday.
The Polish national juvenile team handball national championships started this Sunday.
The Polish national juvenile handball championships started on Friday this Sunday.
The national and juvenile handball national team championships started this Sunday.
Jesse Eisenberger has been cast as being the new villain Lex Luthor.
Jesse Eisenberg has since been also originally cast as the new Lex Luthor.
Jesse Eisenberger has been cast in as the brand new Lex Luthor.
Jesse James Eisenberg has been cast in as the new villain Lex Luthor.
Jesse Eisenberger has been officially cast in as the new Lex Luthor.
The search continues again in LaSalle, Illinois, as police comb for missing a distressed 911 caller.
The search continues elsewhere in downtown Port LaSalle, as police comb for a particularly distressed 911 caller.
The search continues in LaSalle, as local police and officers comb for missing a distressed 911 caller.
The search then continues, ending in LaSalle, as the police comb for a distressed 911 caller.
The search then continues in LaSalle, as police combust for missing a distressed local 911 caller.
Debenhams has relaunched its very own personal hair styling service.
Debenhams has also relaunched its personalized hair styling service.
Debenhams has since also relaunched as its personal styling service.
Debenhams has relaunched its now very own personal styling service.
Debenhams International has relaunched its own online personal styling service.
Sir Christopher Chataway, who also acted, and has now died aged 82.
Sir John Christopher Chataway, actor who acted, has died, aged 82.
Sir John Christopher Chataway, who also occasionally acted, has died aged 82.
Sir Christopher Chataway, actor, who acted, has died, aged 82.
Sir Sir Christopher John Chataway, who acted, has now died aged 82.
The city of New Ottawa will soon be unveiling its greatest gift fit for only for a future king.
The city hall of New Ottawa will be unveiling of its greatest gift, fit for a future king.
The city of Ottawa, will be the proudly proudly unveiling of its gift fit for a future king.
The city of Ottawa, will be seen proudly unveiling its first gift fit only for a future king.
The city of Ottawa will be unveiling its greatest architectural gift, fit not only for a future king.
Nasdaq of Dubai has appointed him as its chief executive.
Nasdaq Dubai SC has appointed as its first chief executive.
Nasdaq Dubai, has appointed to him as chief executive.
Nasdaq Dubai Limited has appointed him again as chief executive.
Nasdaq of Dubai has been appointed as the chief executive.
Gravity Falls also topped the box office for the entire third week.
Gravity Falls topped the Australian box office for the entire third week.
Gravity topped out well at the box office for the third week.
Gravity topped out at the box office for only the third week.
Gravity Falls topped the Australian domestic box office for the third week.
Sri Lanka is ready now to face down any new challenge, said.
Sri Lanka is ready to never again face any real challenge, said.
Sri Lanka is not yet ready yet to face any challenge, said.
Sri - Lanka Cricket is ready to not face any challenge, said.
Sri - Lanka Cricket is ready to face any new challenge, said.
A large fire incident at a shoe factory in eastern mainland China has killed over 16 people.
A fire at near a shoe factory located in south eastern China, has killed 16 people.
A fire at a shoemaking factory in eastern mainland China, China has killed 16 people.
A fire at a shoe factory located somewhere somewhere else in eastern China has killed 16 people.
A fire incident reported at a shoe factory located in eastern central China has killed 16 people.
The Western Australian stock share market index is trading higher.
The Australian stock - share market is now trading higher.
The Australian national stock share market is now trading higher.
The main Australian share market index is now trading higher.
The Western Australian national stock share market is trading higher.
South Korea is banning all fishery product imports, except from the eight major Japanese prefectures.
South Korea is banning almost all fishery and product imports from almost all eight Japanese prefectures.
South Korea is banning all its fishery product imports, except from the eight Japanese prefectures.
South Korea also is banning almost all foreign fishery product imports except from eight Japanese prefectures.
South Korea also is banning all fishery product from imports imported from eight major Japanese prefectures.
Craig Breslowe will make up his spring training debut Monday.
Craig - Breslow will make his spring - training debut Monday.
Craig Breslow will likely not also make his spring debut Monday.
Craig Breslow will also make up for his spring debut Monday.
Craig Breslowe will make up for his spring debut Monday.
An officer shot at by a juvenile police dog who bit a juvenile female in DC.
An undercover officer shot a black police dog who bit a juvenile white female in DC.
An undercover officer later shot a police dog who bit a juvenile female resident in DC.
An officer shot a dog, who then bit down a young juvenile female in DC.
An officer shot a stray dog who bit a young juvenile female living alone in DC.
SAJID Javid, the millionaire son, who now was in the line out of direct fire away from the SNP.
SAJID Javid, the millionaire son, was in the line line of the fire, coming from within the SNP.
SAJIDA Javid, the millionaire son, was also killed in direct the line of direct fire from the SNP.
SAJIDR Javid, the millionaire son, was in direct the first direct line of fire from within the SNP.
SAJID Javid, the millionaire son, and son who was in the line line of fire away from the SNP.
13 American parakeets may have been stolen from a nearby Manassas home.
13 parakeets have reportedly also been reported stolen from a Manassas home.
13 parakeets may have been stolen from inside of a Manassas home.
13 parakeets have been stolen from a nearby, nearby Manassas home.
13 parakeets may have also been stolen away from a Manassas home.
Two children were also also burnt to death.
Two other children were also burnt to death.
Two other children were burnt down to death.
Two children were also burnt down to death.
Two other children were burnt down to death.
Coal is set to rapidly overtake oil production as being the developing world's main renewable source of energy by 2020.
Coal is also set to eventually overtake oil production as the world's main energy source source of energy by 2020.
Coal is being also set out to eventually overtake oil as being the world's main source of energy by 2020.
Coal is set to overtake oil as being the developing world's second main renewable source of energy, by 2020.
Coal is set up to help overtake oil as being the world's second main source of energy, by 2020.
John Paulson acquired majority stake in the St. Regis Bahia Beach and Casino Resort, in Puerto Rico.
John Paul Paulson acquired a majority stake in St. Regis Regis Bahia Beach and Resort, Puerto Rico.
John Paul Paulson acquired majority stake in St. Regis - Bahia Beach Hotel and Resort, Puerto Rico.
John - Paul Paulson acquired majority stake in St. Regis Regis Bahia International Beach Resort, Puerto Rico.
John Paulson acquired majority ownership stake in the St. Regis Regis, Bahia Beach Resort, Puerto Rico.
A grown man had to not have his buttocks all sewn together.
A man had yet to actually have his own buttocks sewn together.
A man who had to always have his own buttocks sewn together.
A man who had to have his buttocks, all sewn together.
A good man had had to have his own buttocks sewn together.
Ryan Griffen has also won recognition as the Western Bulldogs best best and fairest player.
Ryan Griffen won national recognition twice, as the Western Bulldogs best and fairest player.
Ryan Griffen also was won as the 2012 Western Bulldogs best and the fairest player.
Ryane Griffen won praise as the Western Bulldogs'best and the fairest player.
Ryan Griffen also won selection as both the Western Australian Bulldogs best and fairest player.
Fire destroyed a small vacant mobile home park located in Thonotosassa.
Fire destroyed half a vacant family mobile home park in Thonotosassa.
Fire also partially destroyed a vacant mobile - home in Thonotosassa.
Fire destroyed half a vacant mobile - home home in Thonotosassa.
Fire destroyed a small vacant, mobile home store in Thonotosassa.
Scott Brown will also not run for governor, because of Massachusetts.
Scott Brown will also not have run for governor outside of Massachusetts.
Scott Brown will not have run for lieutenant governor, of Massachusetts.
Scott - Brownback will also not run for governor of Massachusetts.
Scott - Brown will not run again for governor, of Massachusetts.
Congresswoman, Gabrielle Giffords attended at a New York City gun show.
Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords has also attended a New York City gun show.
Congresswoman, Gabrielle Giffords attended a 2008 downtown New York gun show.
Congresswoman, Gabrielle Giffords also attended a New - York gun show.
Congresswoman, Gabrielle Giffords attended at a 2016 New York gun show.
It would be detrimental for the entire US government not to look forward to punish India.
It would also likely also be detrimental for the US government to look to punish India.
It would be detrimental for the entire US to look forward to and to punish India.
It also would be very detrimental for the US government to not look to punish India.
It would also be far detrimental enough for the US government to look to punish India.
The International Quantum Ethispheres Institute, today announced its new executive team.
The Ethispheres Institute, today, announced its own new executive team.
The Ethisphere Institute, today announced, by its new senior executive team.
The Ethispheres Institute, today announced by its own new executive team.
The Ethisphere Institute, has today officially announced as its new executive team.
It would be a disaster for almost the whole country, especially if BJP comes to power.
It would also be considered a disaster situation for the whole country if BJP comes to power.
It too is also what would be a disaster for the country if BJP comes to power.
It also would probably be a major disaster for the country if BJP ever comes to power.
It really would be a disaster for the whole country if BJP comes right back to power.
Today announced Ryder System Inc., is introducing several new transportation solutions designed specifically for the oil and natural gas industry.
Today Ryder has announced Ryder System Inc. is introducing new transportation technology solutions for the oil and the natural gas industry.
Today announced Ryder System Inc., is introducing several new transportation solutions for the oil, oil shale and gas industry.
Today, announced, Ryder Transportation System Inc. is introducing new transportation technology solutions for the oil - and gas industry.
Today announced Ryder Transportation Management System Inc., which is introducing new transportation solutions for both the oil and gas industry.
Scott Driscoll, has been fined US $ 90, 000 000 for contempt.
Scotty Driscoll, has been fined $ 90, 000, for contempt.
Scott Driscoll has been fined US $ $ 90, 000, for contempt.
Scott - Michael Driscoll has been subsequently fined $ 90, 000 for contempt.
Scott Driscoll has been subsequently fined $ 90, 000 000, for contempt.
Miley Cyrus can't really even stop banging me down boundaries.
Miley and Cyrus can't stop her banging me down boundaries.
Miley Cyrus and even Cyrus can't stop banging down boundaries.
Miley and Cyrus can't even stop them banging down boundaries.
Miley Cyrus I just can't fucking stop banging down boundaries.
The current CHS jazz band shares by playing traditional American Christmas tunes.
The local CHS jazz band shares by a tradition playing Christmas tunes.
The CHSG jazz band also shares tradition by playing Christmas tunes.
The local CHS jazz band shares by tradition playing traditional Christmas tunes.
The CHSG jazz band shares by tradition of playing Christmas tunes.
A woman who later herself was found in a snowbank died days later from a overdose.
A woman who was also later found found in a snowbank died later from a overdose.
A young woman who was later found in a snowbank died from taking on a overdose.
A woman who later died and was found in a nearby snowbank died from a overdose.
A woman, who was found in on a snowbank died later from taking a overdose.
Lou Reed has died onstage at about the age of of 71.
Lou Reed III has since died, at the age of 71.
Loudon Reed has since died at the approximate age of 71.
Lou Reed has long since retired died at the age of 71.
Lou Reed, himself has died onstage at the age of 71.
Michael Sam, a former football player, publicly openly publicly came as gay.
Michael Sam, a former football player, publicly came out publicly as gay.
Michael Sam, also a former football player, also publicly came as gay.
Michael Sam, also a football player, publicly publicly came out as gay.
Michael Sam, a former football player, publicly and openly came as gay.
Apr., 3 A vehicle theft racket case was unearthed.
Apr 3 A vehicle theft and racket theft case was unearthed.
Apr 3 A large motor vehicle thefts racket was unearthed.
Apr. 3 A vehicle theft racket and case was unearthed.
Apr 3 A vehicle - theft - racket case was unearthed.
Kyler Jarvis, has retired recently from international cricket.
Kylee Jarvis has retired recently from playing international cricket.
Kylee Jarvis has retired recently from playing international cricket.
Kylee Jarvis, who has retired from international cricket.
Kyle Jarvis has since retired almost completely from international cricket.
USC also received a verbal commitment to tackle Chris Brown.
USC received a commitment letter to tackle on Chris Brown.
USC also received him as a commitment tackle Chris Brown.
USC also received a commitment from tackler Chris Brown.
USC received a commitment tackle or penalty on Chris Brown.
A former Wichita principal has filed a civil lawsuit accusing even the district attorney of being pressuring him to retire.
A former North Wichita principal has filed a federal civil rights lawsuit accusing the district of pressuring him to retire.
A former North Wichita school principal has filed for a lawsuit accusing the district of being too pressuring to retire.
A former former Wichita principal has filed for a lawsuit, accusing the district of pressuring for him to retire.
A former Wichita principal, he has also recently filed a lawsuit accusing the school district of pressuring to retire.
Early voting is also open to across the Eastern Idaho.
Early morning ballot voting is also open across Eastern Idaho.
Early voting is now open to only across Eastern Idaho.
Early voting is now open across the entire Eastern Idaho.
Early voting is open only across the entire Eastern Idaho.
The Western United States is leaning toward withholding most of military humanitarian aid due to Egypt.
The United Arab States is leaning strongly toward withholding most military humanitarian aid due to Egypt.
The United Arab Emirates States is leaning strongly toward withholding most US military aid to Egypt.
The United States government is leaning toward not withholding even the most military aid to Egypt.
The Western United States federal government is also leaning toward withholding most military aid to Egypt.
A local scrap trader, was also reported missing from Ghaziabad.
A scrap metal trader was also also reported missing from Ghaziabad.
A local scrap metal trader was reported as missing from Ghaziabad.
A local scrap trader was reported as missing, from Ghaziabad.
A scrap trader was also also also reported missing from Ghaziabad.
Egypt announced its launching a criminal investigation against President Mohamed Morsi.
Egypt announced that a criminal investigation ordered against President Mohamed Morsi.
Egypt announced a criminal investigation was ordered against President Mohamed Morsi.
Egypt announced launching investigations of a criminal investigation against Mohamed Morsi.
Egypt announced a criminal investigation ordered against former President Mohamed Morsi.
Bulgaria, Romania, and then Greece have agreed to open through the Makaza border crossing.
Bulgaria and Greece have agreed to remain fully open through the proposed new Makaza border crossing.
Bulgaria, and Greece have agreed not to open through to the Makazat border crossing.
Bulgaria and Greece have agreed to and don't remain open through the Makaza border crossing.
Bulgaria and Greece also have agreed to open through - access to the Makaza border crossing.
Samsung Samsung Samsung Electronics, posted to a record high of profit.
Samsung Samsung Electronics, which posted a record high margin of profit.
Samsung Electronics, posted a world - record high margin of profit.
Samsung Samsung Electronics, posted a record high profit margin of profit.
Samsung Electronics, posted to also make a record high of profit.
A public public - defender was arrested.
A public - defender officer was arrested.
A public public - defender was arrested.
A public defender also later was arrested.
A local public defender also was arrested.
CHRIS BROWN teamed up with backpacking supply company, Sprayground, to release.
CHRISH and BROWN teamed up with a backpack company, Sprayground to release.
CHRIS BROWN was teamed up with backpacking production company, Sprayground to release.
CHRIS BROWN was teamed up with by a backpack company, Sprayground to release.
CHRIS BROWN was teamed up with a backpack company, Sprayground, to release.
Jamaica and the mainland China, have signed four agreements.
Jamaica, and the mainland China have signed four agreements.
Jamaica and China may not have signed all four agreements.
Jamaica and the mainland China, have signed four agreements.
Jamaica and China currently both have signed all four agreements.
Technology has invaded even the world record of American high school football.
Technology has probably already invaded the world of American high school football.
Technology has invaded even the world outside of playing high school football.
Technology has not invaded even the world of American high school football.
Technology has not yet invaded even the world of high school football.
Calgary city police are also currently investigating two separate stabbings.
Calgary City police officers are currently investigating two separate stabbings.
Calgary City police officers are investigating the two separate stabbings.
Calgary police are currently also investigating the two separate stabbings.
Calgary police officers who are currently investigating two separate stabbings.
The expansion Atlanta Braves Braves are planning to call up outfielder Christian Bethancourt.
The Atlanta Braves are planning to also call up outfielder, Christian Bethancourt.
The Atlanta Braves are reportedly also also planning to call up Christian Bethancourt.
The new expansion Atlanta Braves organization are planning to call up Christian Bethancourt.
The Atlanta Braves Braves Braves organization are planning to call up Christian Bethancourt.
Toluna today has officially announced the official launch of TolunaTracking.
Toluna Technologies today, has announced the launch of TolunaTracking.
Toluna has today announced the launch date of the TolunaTracking.
Toluna today announced that that the launch was of TolunaTracking.
Toluna has today announced the launch of using the TolunaTracking.
I need get you a new short term loan now.
I just need a short term emergency bank loan now.
I really need a new short - term loan now.
I need a big brand new short term loan now.
I need a new short term savings bank loan now.
The basic chemical essence of strawberries is antiallergic.
The basic essence of the strawberries is antiallergic.
The essences characteristic of strawberries is antiallergic.
The essence of strawberries itself, is antiallergic.
The basic chemical essence of strawberries is antiallergic.
Uruguay is also set to become the very, very first country to nationally legalize pot.
Uruguay is set out as to become the first country to nationally and officially legalize pot.
Uruguay, itself is set to become possibly the first country ever to nationally legalize pot.
Uruguay itself is set to become the first major Western European country to nationally legalize pot.
Uruguay, is set to eventually become the first country ever ever to nationally legalize pot.
Head, Tan - Keng Liang, has today offered himself to contest the party Youth chief post.
Head, Tan Keng Liang today offered to him not contest for the new party Youth chief post.
Head, Tan Keng Liang today, has offered to not contest the party of Youth chief post.
Head, Tan - Keng - Liang, today offered him to contest the party Youth chief post.
Head, Tan Keng Liang today, has offered him to contest the party Youth Committee chief post.
The opposition in the North Punjab Legislative Assembly have acknowledged to the Indian supremacy here and in the agriculture sector.
The Indian opposition in forming the Punjab Assembly Government would not have acknowledged the Indian supremacy in the agriculture sector.
The political opposition in the Punjab Legislative Assembly have not acknowledged the Indian supremacy inherent in the Indian agriculture sector.
The opposition in the Punjab Assembly would have acknowledged to them the Indian supremacy, in both the agriculture sector.
The opposition in both the Punjab Assembly have acknowledged that the West Indian supremacy lies in developing the agriculture sector.
Chris Christie Christie today signed a bill banning gay male religious conversion therapy.
Chris Christie, today has signed up a bill banning gay conversion therapy.
Chris Christie today signed back - up a bill banning gay conversion therapy.
Chris Christie has today signed a controversial bill banning gay male conversion therapy.
Chris Christie today signed up for a bill effectively banning gay conversion therapy.
Barclays reiterated their overweight rating on the shares of all the ARM Holdings.
Barclays also reiterated their own overweight rating on shares sales of ARM Holdings.
Barclays reiterated their own overweight rating on shares of all the ARM Holdings.
Barclays also reiterated however that their overweight rating on shares of ARM Holdings.
Barclays also reiterated that was their overweight rating on shares of ARM Holdings.
Sienna Miller and Tom Sturridge threw parties to celebrate both of their respective birthdays in London.
Sienna Miller and Tom Sturridge also threw parties to celebrate their birthdays while together in London.
Sienna Miller and Tom Sturridge threw to help celebrate them both their birthdays together in London.
Sienna Miller and Tom Sturridge also threw to celebrate both their own respective birthdays in London.
Sienna Marie Miller and American actor Tom Sturridge threw to celebrate both their birthdays in London.
Athens, in which Greece could receive additional aid.
Athens, in Greece, could receive additional aid.
Athens, in Greece could receive no additional aid.
Athens, Greece could not receive any additional aid.
Athens, Greece could not receive any additional aid.
Who's not in charge.
Who's not in charge.
Who's not in charge.
Who's not in charge.
Who's not in charge.
An elderly unemployed man has pleaded to a charge of being in the possession of just such a stolen vehicle.
An unemployed man pleaded to face a criminal court charge of being in and the possession of a stolen vehicle.
An unemployed man, who himself has pleaded to a charge of not being in possession of a stolen vehicle.
An unemployed man pleaded guilty to a charge, of not being in possession of such as a stolen vehicle.
An unemployed young man pleaded to a charge of not being found in possession of such a potentially stolen vehicle.
GEO Healthcare will acquire the API Healthcare.
GE Healthcare will acquire the former API Healthcare.
GE Healthcare Capital Partners will acquire API Healthcare.
GEO Healthcare will acquire the API Healthcare.
GE Healthcare will acquire all the API Healthcare.
A father tried to legally give away his two remaining baby triplets.
A father has tried unsuccessfully not to give away his baby triplets.
A single father has tried unsuccessfully to give away his baby triplets.
A single father tried unsuccessfully not to give away his baby triplets.
A father who tried unsuccessfully to legally give away his baby triplets.
I'm also also a fan of playing the Pittsburgh Pirates.
I'm a very big time fan of the Pittsburgh Pirates.
I'm a fanatic of the very great Pittsburgh Pirates.
I really also'm a fan of the old Pittsburgh Pirates.
I'm a fan of playing the good old Pittsburgh Pirates.
Thomas and Suozzi won, setting up a title unification rematch against the man, Sir Edward Mangano.
Thomas Suozzi won, thus setting up for a rematch against just the third man, Edward Mangano.
Thomas Suozzi won, setting up a title rematch against exactly the same man, named Edward Mangano.
Thomas Suozzi won, thus setting up a second rematch, again against the man, Edward Mangano.
Thomas Suozzi, eventually won, setting him up a rematch against just the man, Edward Mangano.
Several other central Iowa school board districts have also canceled classes Monday.
Several central Iowa public and elementary school districts have canceled classes Monday.
Several other major north central Iowa school districts have canceled classes Monday.
Several other central Iowa school districts may have canceled their classes Monday.
Several central Iowa public school district districts have also canceled classes Monday.
AM Best Co., Ltd. is requesting comments on preparing the draft criteria report.
AM Best Co. is currently requesting comments based on the final final draft criteria report.
AMA Best Management Co. is requesting comments based on the draft quality criteria report.
AM Best Co. Ltd is currently requesting comments on preparing the draft quality criteria report.
AM Best Management Co. is also requesting comments based solely on the draft criteria report.
Los Los Angeles lawmakers also voted to temporarily temporarily ban e - cigarette use in public places.
Los Angeles County lawmakers voted to ban eco - cigarette for use in many public places.
Los Los Angeles lawmakers have voted to ban e - cigarette use, only in public places.
Los Angeles lawmakers voted to ban the eco - cigarette cigarette use only in public places.
Los Los Angeles lawmakers voted to ban the e - cigarette use and ban in public places.
The Argylls left, looking around for consistency.
The other Argylls were left looking for consistency.
The Argyllshire were left looking for consistency.
The Argylls left, still looking for consistency.
The other Argylls were left looking for consistency.
A dead body was pulled out out of a Pembrokeshire Pines lake.
A dead body was pulled out out of a Pembrokeshire Pines lake.
A black body bag was pulled out of a Pembrokeshire Pines lake.
A dead body was pulled out of a nearby nearby Pembroke Pines lake.
A body bag was pulled out of a nearby Pembrokeshire Pines lake.
Oscar Pistorius has pleaded not guilty, to the murder charge of intentionally killing Reeva Steenkamp.
Oscar Pistorius, has pleaded pleading not guilty to ordering the murder of Anna Reeva Steenkamp.
Oscar van De Pistorius has pleaded but not guilty to the attempted murder of Reeva Steenkamp.
Oscar De Pistorius has pleaded not - to guilty to the murder case of Reeva Steenkamp.
Oscar Pistorius, has pleaded but not guilty to the attempted - murder of Reeva Steenkamp.
FLIR Systems Ltd has recently also launched the thermal imaging camera.
FLIR Systems has also launched the first thermal - imaging camera.
FLIR Systems has also launched the world first thermal imaging camera.
FLIR Systems, has launched integration with the thermal imaging camera.
FLIR Systems Ltd has recently also launched the thermal imaging camera.
San Antonio Spurs head basketball coach Greggy Popovich was named NBA coach coach of the year.
San Antonio - Antonio Spurs coach Greggy Popovich was named NBA coach coach of the year.
San Antonio Spurs Spurs coach Greggy Popovich also was named NBA coach of half the year.
San Antonio Spurs Spurs coach, and Gregg Popovich was named NBA assistant coach of the year.
San - Antonio Spurs coach Greggy - Popovich was named NBA coach coach of the year.
Julianne - Marie - Hough helped Nina Dobrev celebrate her birthday.
Julianne Marie Hough helped actress Nina von Dobrev celebrate her birthday.
Julianne Hough helped actress Nina von der Dobrev celebrate her birthday.
Julianne Moore Hough helped actress, Nina Dobrev celebrate her birthday.
Julianne Hough helped Nina Simone perform and Dobrev celebrate her birthday.
Kobe Bryant also will miss out on the remainder of the season.
Kobe Bryant Bryant, will miss the remainder of of the season.
Kobe Bryant - Bryant will miss the remainders of the season.
Kobe Bryant will miss out the remainders of half the season.
Kobe Bryant will also miss the remainders portion of the season.
Senator General Patrick Henry Brazeau himself was taken to hospital.
Senator Patrick Brazeau was taken straight back in to hospital.
Senator Patrick Henry - Brazeau was also taken to hospital.
Senator John Patrick Brazeau himself was also taken to hospital.
Senator John Patrick Brazeau was then immediately taken to hospital.
Will Arnett has never found true love again.
Will leaves and Arnett has found love again.
Will Arnett has never found true love again.
Will Arnett, has found his love again.
Will Arnett, has never found love again.
A cargo ship sank off the northern east - coast of southern Yemen killing all 12 crew.
A cargo ship sank somewhere off the coast south of southern Yemen killing almost all 12 crew.
A cargo ship also accidentally sank off the coast of Yemen killing almost all the 12 crew.
A cargo ship also sank off the coast south of Yemen killing almost all the 12 crew.
A large cargo cargo cargo ship sank off the coast of Yemen killing all the 12 crew.
XXIV - century should be the centurynce of Turkic world.
XXIV - century should be the centurynce of Turkic world.
XXIV century should be the century of all the Turkic world.
XXI century should be the " first centurynce of Turkic world.
XXI century, should not be the century of the Turkic world.
Former Oregon State tight end, Colt Lyerla, was after his arrest.
Former Oregon tight - end, teammate Colt Lyerla was after his arrest.
Former Oregon tight - end Colt Lyerla was after for ordering his arrest.
Former Oregon State University football tight end Colt Lyerla was after his arrest.
Former Oregon tight end Colt Lyerla was later also released after his arrest.
Actress, Gail Gerber, has died.
Actress Gaile Gerberd has died.
Actress, Gaile Gerber has died.
Actress, actress Gail Gerber has died.
Actress Gaile Gerberi has died.
Wolfsburg also recently has signed Gustavo from FC Bayern Munich.
Wolfsburg has also recently signed Gustavo from FC Bayern Munich.
Wolfsburg has also signed Gustavo Fernández from FC Bayern Munich.
Wolfsburg also has signed Gustavo Fernández García from Bayern Munich.
Wolfsburg has signed Gustavo Fernández Fernández, from Bayern Munich.
Mxit launched with its first mobile messenger mobile application in India.
Mxit launched its mobile instant messengering application service in India.
Mxit launched as its mobile messengering software application in India.
Mxit also launched its mobile instant messengering application in India.
Mxit was also launched with its mobile messenger application in India.
A recent study reveals offshore wind - farms can produce tame hurricanes.
A recent study also further reveals offshore wind farms can tame hurricanes.
A study reveals that offshore wind farms can also produce tame hurricanes.
A study also reveals that offshore wind farms can produce tame hurricanes.
A recent study reveals offshore offshore wind - farms can tame hurricanes.
Thousandss of acres'worth of crops are damaged after severe tropical storms rolled.
Thousands of acres of agricultural crops are damaged especially after severe winter weather storms rolled.
Thousands thousands of acres of agricultural crops are being severely damaged after severe storms rolled.
Thousands of acres of crops today are severely damaged especially after the severe storms rolled.
Thousands more thousands of dry acres of agricultural crops are damaged after severe storms rolled.
Insomnia may also significantly increase with the risk of stroke.
Insomnia may also also increase the risk factor of stroke.
Insomnia may also increase the risk - factor of stroke.
Insomnia may increase with the risk - factors of stroke.
Insomniation may increase with increasing the risk of stroke.
Canadian housing starts rose more than rapidly than expected ; in early September, data showed.
Canadian housing starts rose more rapidly than was expected in early - September, data showed.
Canadian housing starts rose even more than was expected ; in September, the data showed.
Canadian housing construction starts rose more rapidly than was expected ; in September, data showed.
Canadian housing construction starts rose more than was expected in early September, as data showed.
A man, who died has been charged over two horrific sex attacks.
A young man has been charged over the two most horrific sex attacks.
A young man has been charged twice with over two horrific sex attacks.
A man who has been charged over two horrific, child sex attacks.
A young man has also recently been charged over two horrific sex attacks.
Kasim and Reeder will also join in a tour of the new Panama Canal.
Kasim and John Reed will join them in planning a tour of the Panama Canal.
Kasim Reed will join them in a tour tour of building the new Panama Canal.
Kasim and Reed will join in a tour ahead of building the new Panama Canal.
Kasim and Reeder will join in on a tour tour of the Panama Canal.
Tourists cannot return home to Sinaia after a bus blast killed.
Tourists return home and to Sinai after a city bus blast killed.
Tourists return to Sinai after seeing a city bus bomb blast killed.
Tourists return to the Sinai after seeing only a bus blast killed.
Tourists return to Mount Sinai after first seeing a bus blast killed.
Syrian forces also battled with the local Al Qaeda linked rebels while trying to successfully capture an Christian town north.
Syrian - government forces battled along with the Al Qaeda linked Syrian rebels trying to capture an Christian town north.
Syrian forces battled with Al Qaeda - linked rebels while trying to capture targets such as an Christian town north.
Syrian forces battled ISIL along closely with Al Qaeda linked Syrian rebels while trying to capture an Christian town north.
Syrian forces battled with Al Qaeda - linked Palestinian rebels, while trying to capture an Christian Palestinian town north.
A brand new restaurant and a banquet center opened in unincorporated Preble County.
A new restaurant complex, and banquet center opened nearby in Preble County.
A new Chinese restaurant and banqueting center was opened in Preble County.
A new Chinese restaurant and a banqueting center opened in Preble County.
A new restaurant and a new regional banquet center opened in Preble County.
More than 2 million dehumidifiers are being recalled, especially after dozens of reports that warn people of fires.
More more than than 2 - million dehumidifiers worldwide are being recalled after dozens of false reports of fires.
More than 2 million dehumidifiers are now being recalled after dozens of thousands pages of reports warn of fires.
More - more than $ 2 million dehumidifiers are now being recalled, after dozens of reports of fires.
More than than 2 million dehumidifiers are now being recalled, after receiving dozens of false reports of fires.
The new Nashik Municipal Corporation Corporation government will be clearing five blockages on the 30m inner - city ring road.
The Nashik City and Municipal Corporation government, will be clearing five blockages on constructing the 30m inner ring road.
The Nashik Municipal Corporation will also be in clearing five road blockages, located on the 30m inner ring road.
The new Nashik Nagar Municipal Corporation will be also clearing the five blockages located on the 30m inner ring road.
The brand new Nashik Municipal Corporation will be clearing five blockages on the 30m long new inner - ring road.
Nagesh and Kukunoor never desired him to work with such a star.
Nagesh and Kukunoor never desired to, ever work with a star.
Nagesh Kukunoor had always never really desired to work with a star.
Nagesh and Kukunoor never desired to work with just such a star.
Nagesh Kukunoor had never desired him to work together with a star.
Some women activists also have advocated life imprisonment sentence for rapists.
Some women have also advocated a life sentence sentence for rapists.
Some women have advocated for imposing a life sentence for rapists.
Some African American women have advocated life sentence sentences for rapists.
Some women have advocated for a life sentence sentence for rapists.
The median value of all the new construction in the Crow Wing County has increased by 17 percent in 2013.
The value added of new construction and projects in Crow Wing County increased significantly by 17 % percent in 2013.
The value added of the new construction projects in Crow Wing County increased significantly by nearly 17 percent in 2013.
The value of new residential construction in the new Crow Winge County increased by nearly 17 percent in 2013.
The value of new residential construction in both the Crow Wing County increased by nearly 17 percent percent in 2013.
Agents of Storm has been officially announced for iOS mobile devices developed by Digital Remedy Entertainment.
Agents of Storm has also been announced for iOS devices, developed exclusively by Remedy Entertainment.
Agents of the Storm has been officially announced exclusively for the iOS devices by Remedy Entertainment.
Agentss of Storm has also been announced exclusively for the iOS devices by Remedy Entertainment.
Agents of Storm has been officially the first announced for the iOS devices by Remedy Entertainment.
The semis - final can be considered anybody's game.
The semi - final game itself can be anybody's game.
The second semi - final game can be anybody's game.
The second semi - final can not be anybody's game.
The semi - final final can not be anybody's game.
Berkeley County has received a grant to help it to make repairs to build its courthouse.
Berkeley Berkeley County has received a federal grant and program to make repairs to its courthouse.
Berkeley County Council has also received a grant to help make repairs necessary to its courthouse.
Berkeley County Berkeley County has received residents a grant to make major repairs to its courthouse.
Berkeley County has received residents a state grant to help make repairs done to its courthouse.
Gnip Games has since been acquired by Twitter.
Gnip has been most recently acquired by Twitter.
Gnip Games has been acquired outright by Twitter.
Gnip has since been acquired outright by Twitter.
Gnip! has since been acquired by Twitter.
Brian Harradine, formerly the incumbent independent senator, has died very suddenly after a long illness.
Brian Harradine, the incumbent independent senator, who has died after a very very long illness.
Brian Patrick Harradine, formerly the independent senator, who has died after a very long illness.
Brian Harradine, the last incumbent independent senator, has died after suffering such a long illness.
Brian Patrick Harradine, the independent senator, who has recently died after a very long illness.
The Czech Republic Republic edged the Canada - East 3 - 2 in a exhibition game.
The Czech Republic then edged Canada - East Germany 3 2 1 in a exhibition game.
The visiting Czech Republic edged the Canada - East 3 - 2 in a exhibition game.
The Czech Republic then edged Canada East again by 3 2s in a exhibition game.
The Czech Republic edged Canada East again by a 3 - 2 in a exhibition game.
Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux chose for their Los Angeles County Theme Park mansion, because it came with six chickens.
Jennifer Aniston and actor Justin Theroux also chose their Los - Angeles mansion, because it came equipped with six chickens.
Jennifer Aniston and Justine Theroux also chose their new Los Angeles mansion, because it came with only six chickens.
Jennifer, Jennifer Aniston and husband Justin Theroux chose their Los Angeles Angeles mansion because it came with only six chickens.
Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux were chose finalists for their new Los Angeles mansion because it only came with six chickens.
Police have arrested a woman and charged with allegedly trying to sell stolen UK men's basketball games and college basketball tickets.
Police officers may also have previously arrested a woman and charged with trying to sell stolen UK national men's basketball tickets.
Police may have arrested a local woman and men charged with trying unsuccessfully to sell stolen UK national men's basketball tickets.
Police have arrested a young woman and were charged with trying to illegally sell stolen UK and national men's basketball tickets.
Police officers have arrested also a woman arrested and charged with trying to illegally sell stolen 2013 UK men's basketball tickets.
Mikey and Huckabee also likened Muslims to uncorked animals.
Mike and Huckabee also likened Muslims only to uncorked animals.
Mike and Mike Huckabee have likened Muslims to uncorked animals.
Mike Huckabee likened Muslims to the people eating uncorked animals.
Mike Huckabee likened to the Muslims and to uncorked animals.
ET, and the American Ninja Warrior jumped 13 + % week to match up its season high.
ET, American Ninja Warrior jumped 13 % week to a better match up its previous season high.
ET, American Ninja Warrior Warrior jumped 13 % % per week to match with its season high.
ET, and American Ninja Warrior jumped a 13 % per week to better match its season high.
ET, FX and American Ninja Warrior each jumped by 13 % week to match its season high.
Company DuPont Economic Development Corporation has opened an application development centre.
Company DuPont has also opened up an online application development centre.
Company DuPont Group has also opened an online application development centre.
Company DuPont has opened up an application research and development centre.
Company DuPont has opened up an online business application development centre.
Landajo, has been temporarily suspended for only one week.
Landajo has also since been suspended indefinitely for one week.
Landajo, has been suspended indefinitely for only one week.
Landajo has since then also been suspended for one week.
Landajo has been temporarily suspended for serving only one week.
Jose Mourinho questions referee referee, Chris Foy's decision to not send him.
Jose Mourinho questions referee referee, Chris Le Foy's decision to send him.
Jose Mourinho then questions referee referee Chris Foy's decision not to send him.
Jose - Maria Mourinho questions referee Chris Foy's decision to not send him.
Jose Maria Mourinho questions referee Chris Foy's earlier decision to not send him.
Andrea Bargnani got him ejected for allegedly sexually trash talking Kevin Garnett.
Andrea De Bargnani also got ejected, for trash talking Kevin Garnett.
Andrea Bargnani got ejected again, for trash - talking Kevin Garnett.
Andrea De Bargnani got ejected for trashy - talking Kevin Garnett.
Andrea De Bargnani got him ejected again for trash talking Kevin Garnett.
Jamie and Lynn Spears married twice in downtown New Orleans.
Jamie Lynn Spears married him while in downtown New Orleans.
Jamie Lynn and Spears married again in downtown New Orleans.
Jamie and Lynn Spears are married in downtown New Orleans.
Jamie - Lynn Lynn Spears married twice in New Orleans.
Lizzy Hurley is passionately passionate about French parenting.
Liz Hurley is passionately about her own French parenting.
Lizzy Hurley also is passionately about French parenting.
Lizzy - Hurley who is passionate about French parenting.
Liz Hurley is very passionate about improving her French parenting.
Dominic Cooper, also is set to stardom in Warcraft.
Dominic Cooper is set to be also guest star in Warcraft.
Dominick - James Cooper is set to star in Warcraft.
Dominick Cooper also, is set to star in Warcraft.
Dominick Cooper is also set to stardom in Warcraft.
BAYOUD LAST BATRE, " The mayor was sworn.
BAYOU LA BATRE, ". The new mayor was sworn.
BAYOUD LA BATRE, " The new mayor was sworn.
BAYOUD, LA BATRE, The mayor, was sworn.
BAYOUD LAY BATRE, " The mayor was sworn.
Tottenham have been also given permission to speak more directly to Christian Eriksen.
Tottenham have been also given special permission to speak to Dr Christian Eriksen.
Tottenham fans have also reportedly been given permission to speak to Christian Eriksen.
Tottenham fans have also been given special permission to speak to Christian Eriksen.
Tottenham have been given special permission to speak more directly to Christian Eriksen.
Saints FC have appointed a brand new chairman.
Saints FC have appointed him a new chairman.
Saints have also been appointed a new chairman.
Saints have since appointed him a new chairman.
Saints FC have also appointed a new chairman.
Rupiah also lost more value when added against the US dollar.
Rupiah lost more face - value against the equivalent US dollar.
Rupiah lost more face value coins against the equivalent US dollar.
Rupiah lost more face value silver coins against the US dollar.
Rupiah had lost even more value against half the US dollar.
Vermont also has passed progressive " national net metering expansion legislation.
Vermont has passed such a progressive net metering and expansion legislation.
Vermont has passed several progressive net metering improvements and expansion legislation.
Vermont also has passed progressive " net metering " expansion legislation.
Vermont has passed such a progressive net - metering expansion legislation.
West Virginia University is currently seeking a $ 350, 000 federal grant to assess the damage potential of such a chemical spill.
West Virginia is currently seeking out a $ 350, 000 grant program to assess the environmental damage potential of a chemical spill.
West Virginia is currently seeking a US $ 350, 000 grant, to assess the damage of a major oil chemical spill.
West Virginia is seeking out a $ $ 350, 000 grant, to help assess the environmental damage of a chemical spill.
West Virginia University, is seeking out a US $ 350, 000 grant to assess for the damage of a chemical spill.
Craigie Ferguson will step - down, as the host of CBS'The Late Late Late Late Show.
Craig Ferguson also announced will step down as he is the host of CBS Sports'The Late Late Show.
Craig Ferguson will also step down as the new host of on the new CBS'The Late Late Show.
Craigie Ferguson will step down, as is the host of the CBS Sports'The Late Late Show.
Craigie Ferguson, will also step down as the host of CBS'The Late Late and Late Show.
A NBC News'foreign correspondent has died.
A former senior NBC News correspondent has died.
A NBC News'foreign correspondent has died.
A NBC World News foreign correspondent has died.
A former senior NBC News correspondent has died.
New York left forward, forward Carmelo Anthony left with a sprained ankle.
New York forward Carmelo Anthony Anthony was left with a badly sprained ankle.
New York forward, forward Carmelo Anthony left with only a sprained ankle.
New York forward Carmelo Anthony left United with having only a sprained ankle.
New York forward, Carmelo Anthony left United with only a sprained ankle.
PPG Japan Aerospace Industries said it has greatly expanded on its aerospace business operations in Japan.
PPG Industries said it also, has greatly, expanded its aerospace business operations in Japan.
PPG Industries has said it has expanded its major aerospace industry business operations base in Japan.
PPG Industries has said it has expanded its major aerospace industry business operations further in Japan.
PPG Industries said that it has already expanded all its aerospace industry business operations in Japan.
Mayor, Ken Livingstone, has paid as a tribute to both, the late Nelson Mandela.
Mayor, Ken Livingstone, also has paid a tribute concert to the very late Nelson Mandela.
Mayor, Sir Kenyong Livingstone, has paid tributes to the late Nelson Mandela.
Mayor, Ken Livingstone, has also reportedly reportedly also paid tribute to the late Nelson Mandela.
Mayor, Ken Livingstone, has paid tributes to, including the late President Nelson Mandela.
South Africa had sold $ US 2 billion of bonds, after boosting the market size ahead of the offering.
South Africa sold $ 2 billion dollars'worth of bonds after boosting the sizeability of all the offering.
South West Africa sold over $ US 2 billion worth of bonds after boosting the market size of the offering.
South Africa had sold $ US 2 billion worth of bonds after boosting the sizeability of making the offering.
South Africa sold over $ 2½ - billion of bonds after significantly boosting the market size of the offering.
Thomas Roberts, and actress Mel Bundy, will host the 2013 Miss Universe pageant.
Thomas Roberts, and later Mel Bundy, will host the 2013 Miss Universe pageant.
Thomasa Roberts, and Mel B will host in the upcoming 2013 Miss Universe pageant.
Thomasa Roberts and Miss Mel B will host the upcoming 2013 Australian Miss Universe pageant.
Thomas Roberts and Melorah Bundy, will host the 2013 Miss Universe pageant.
A Rimrock man is falsely accused of assaulting two of the his brothers, with only a knife and breaking a broken beer bottle.
A drunken Rimrock maniac is accused of assaulting two of his brothers, with both a knife, and a broken beer bottle.
A Rimrock County man is accused twice of sexually assaulting two of his two younger brothers, with a knife and a beer bottle.
A very young Rimrock County man is accused of assaulting two of his brothers with both a knife and with a broken beer bottle.
A Rimrock County man is accused twice of sexually assaulting two of his brothers with a knife, and a badly broken beer bottle.
Damas has also launched in its Diwali collection.
Damas has recently also launched its Diwali collection.
Damasra has recently launched its Diwali collection.
Damasra Bank has launched its Diwali collection.
Damasra has launched its first Diwali collection.
India has always celebrated its 67th Independence Day with great fervour, as it has geared up.
India celebrated its own 67th National Independence Day, with great fervour, as it geared up.
India was first celebrated on its own 67th Independence Day with great fervour as it geared up.
India celebrated its 67th Independence Day, with a great Indian national fervour as it geared up.
India celebrated its 67th annual National Independence Day with great fervour as it too was geared up.
Finlandia University softball split six home field games at its tournament at the Lake Superior Dome.
Finlandia softball split six games at first its home tournament at then the Lake Superior Dome.
Finlandia State Technical University softball split six games at its annual tournament at the Superior Dome.
Finlandia softball split six home field games at its annual tournament held at the Superior Dome.
Finlandia softball split six home home games at its tournament at Lake the Lake Superior Dome.
17 are recommendations that will be implemented.
17 recommendations, will also be implemented.
17 are recommendations that will be implemented.
17 recommendations, will also be implemented.
17 new recommendations will also be implemented.
JENNIFER Aniston still wants to just finally elope with Justin Theroux.
JENNIFER Aniston still wants to finally elope with this Justin Theroux.
JENNIFER Aniston wants her daughter to finally elope with Justin Theroux.
JENNIFER : Aniston still wants her to elope with Justin Theroux.
JENNIFER Aniston wants to be married elopes with Justin Theroux.
Martha Stewart reveals her as a career dream.
Martha Stewart also reveals her a career dream.
Martha - Stewart later reveals a career dream.
Martha - Martha Stewart reveals a career dream.
Martha Stewart also reveals a new career dream.
Beats & Music has always arrived first on Android and iOS.
Beats & Music has arrived first on Android devices and iOS.
Beats Music 2 has arrived on both the Android and iOS.
Beats & Music has arrived first on both Android and iOS.
Beats & Music Box has arrived on Android devices and iOS.
Jeremy Piven also feels lonely, especially during the first six months of filming Mr Selfridge.
Jeremy Piven feels very much lonely during the first six months of filming of Mr Selfridge.
Jeremy Pivens also often visibly feels lonely during the six months of filming Mr Selfridge.
Jeremy Piven also feels very lonely during the six months ahead schedule of filming Mr Selfridge.
Jeremy Piven feels lonely during all the six consecutive months ahead of filming of Mr Selfridge.
The rulers will have to clean their own horse stables because of corruption.
The rulers themselves will just have to go clean their stables of corruption.
The rulers will have had to constantly clean their own stables of corruption.
The rulers will have to constantly clean their own stables because of corruption.
The rulers themselves will have to also constantly clean their stables of corruption.
Kristena Johnston has been recently diagnosed with having a autoimmune disorder.
Kristena Johnston, has been diagnosed recently with a autoimmune disorder.
Kristen Johnston, has been diagnosed recently with having a autoimmune disorder.
Kristenine Johnston has been diagnosed recently with a rare autoimmune disorder.
Kristenine Lee Johnston has also been diagnosed with a autoimmune disorder.
Barrister and former prostitute Constance. Briscoe has been found guilty of deliberately lying to police.
Barrister and Constance. Briscoe has been later on, found guilty of lying to police.
Barrister and Constance Briscoe, has been found guilty not guilty of lying about to police.
Barrister, and lawyer Constance Briscoe, who has been found guilty of lying to police.
Barristers and Constance Briscoe who has been found not guilty of not lying to police.
David Dewhurst announced his own campaign team for his 2008 re - election.
David Dewhurst announced to join his campaign team running for re - election.
David Dewhurst has since also announced his campaign team for re - election.
David John Dewhurst announced his campaign team was running for re - election.
David John Dewhurst announced to join his campaign team for re - election.
Three other young men also were arrested on suspicion of burglary.
Three men involved were also arrested, on suspicion of burglary.
Three men were also arrested, on the suspicion of burglary.
Three men were also arrested on under the suspicion of burglary.
Three men arrested, were also arrested on suspicion of burglary.
A healthy melazine has started.
A health - care mela has started.
A new health care mela has started.
A health - care mela has started.
A health care - mela has started.
Sire De Grugy also won, as the Sprinter Sacre was pulled up.
Sire De Grugy also won as a Sprinter and Sacre was pulled up.
Sire De La Grugy won as a Sprinter and Sacre was pulled up.
Sire De Grugy won, just as Sprinter Sacrey was pulled up.
Sire De Grugy won as Sprinter. Sacre was also not pulled up.
Militants attacked a prison in rural, rural northwest Pakistan.
Militants attacked a military and military prison in northwest Pakistan.
Militants also attacked a military military prison in northwest Pakistan.
Militants were attacked at a military prison in northwest Pakistan.
Militants attacked a military military prison in rural northwest Pakistan.
Zander de la Bruyns has announced on his retirement.
Zander van der de Bruyn has since announced his retirement.
Zander van de la Bruyn has since announced his retirement.
Zander de Bruyns has also since announced his retirement.
Zander van de Bruyn has since announced on his retirement.
Stoke manager, Mark Lloyd Hughes has been charged again, with improper conduct, as the Football Association has announced.
Stoke manager, Mark Hughes has been charged, with some other improper conduct, the Football League Association has announced.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes has also recently also been charged with improper conduct, as the Football Association has announced.
Stoke manager Mark Hughes has been charged with having improper disciplinary conduct, the Football League Premier League Association has announced.
Stoke City manager, Mark Hughes has been formally charged with improper conduct, the Football Premier League Association has announced.
An man has been falsely accused twice of setting up two dumpsters set on fire.
An man has also been accused of setting two garbage dumpsters to set on fire.
An elderly elderly man has been accused of setting the two garbage dumpsters on fire.
An maniac has been falsely accused of setting up two dumpsters set on fire.
An maniac has been accused of deliberately setting two dumpsters set up on fire.
Oil prices have remained relatively steady in 2013.
Oil prices remained relatively relatively steady in 2013.
Oil gas prices remained steady even in 2013.
Oil prices remained relatively relatively steady in 2013.
Oil oil oil prices remained steady in 2013.
Ticketscript today announced, that it has experienced the single most commercially successful festive season to date.
Ticketscript today announced it has experienced the second most successful annual festive music festival season to date.
Ticketscript today has just announced it has just experienced the most successful festive season ever to date.
Ticketscript today has announced that it has experienced the most successful festive music season ever to date.
Ticketscript today announced that it has just experienced perhaps the most successful festive music season to date.
Chris Evans approves of the casting of Michael B. Jordan as Johnny Storm of the Dark Storm / The First Human Torch in the upcoming Fantastic - Four reboot.
Chris Evans approves, of seeing the casting call of Michael B. Jordan as Johnny Storm / / The Very First Human Human Torch in the Fantastic Four reboot.
Chrissie Evans approves of the casting of actor Michael B. de Jordan as Johnny Storms III / / The Human Torch in both the Fantastic Four reboot.
Chris Evans also strongly approves of seeing the potential casting of Michael B. Jordan as Johnny Storms / / The Human Torch in both the Fantastic Four reboot.
Chrissie Evans approves of the casting of Michael B. Jordan as Captain Johnny Storm / " The Very First Human Torch, in the Fantastic - Four reboot.
Hundreds thousands of disabled Greeks have demonstrated resistance to and publicly protest against benefit cuts.
Hundreds of disabled Greeks have demonstrated publicly and to publicly protest against the benefit cuts.
Hundreds " of disabled Greeks have demonstrated opposition to and protest publicly against benefit cuts.
Hundreds of disabled ethnic Greek Greeks activists have also demonstrated to protest against benefit cuts.
Hundreds thousands of disabled ethnic Greeks have demonstrated publicly to protest against the benefit cuts.
Over the 100 Chattanoogans took part in this year's National Rally to Help Help Improve Birth.
Over the 100 Chattanoogans took part annually in this year's Rally to Help Help Improve Birth.
Over the 100 Chattanoogans took part in this year's first annual Rallying to Improve Birth.
Over 100 young Chattanoogans also took part in this same year's Rally to Help Improve Birth.
Over 100 young Chattanoogans have also took part annually in this year's Rally to Improve Birth.
Magical slots, demons souls chrome.
Magic slots, demons, souls chrome.
Magical slots, demons souls chrome.
Magical slots demons, souls chrome.
Magical slots, demons souls chrome.
MTS have announced MTS has reached into agreement a tentative data collection agreement.
MTS have announced MTS has not reached agreement into a tentative collection agreement.
MTS officials have announced MTS has not reached a tentative data collection agreement.
MTS have announced MTSA has not reached a tentative data collection agreement.
MTS officials have announced that MTS has reached a new tentative collection agreement.
Protesters left for the new Government House.
Protesters left for the Old Government House.
Protesters then left for the Government House.
Protesters then left the Old Government House.
Protesters then forcibly left the Government House.
Private sector lending in across the euro - zone zone continued to fall.
Private sector lending in the entire euro zone has continued not to fall.
Private sector mortgage lending in the euro zone market has continued to fall.
Private - sector mortgage lending in the entire euro zone continued to fall.
Private sector lending in the almost entire euro zone continued not to fall.
Justine Bieber invested $ $ 1. 1 - million on a new app.
Justine Bieber invested $ 1. 1 - million on creating a new app.
Justine Bieber III has invested $ 1. 1 million on a new app.
Justin Bieber invested $ 1. 5 1 million on creating a brand new app.
Justin Bieber III has invested $ 1. 1 - million on a new app.
A woman charged with perjury also died later in as an apparent suicide.
A woman charged with perjury died later in an apparent apparent apparent suicide.
A woman charged with perjury charges later on died in an apparent suicide.
A woman he later charged with perjury died in as an apparent suicide.
A woman later charged with perjury died in attempting such an apparent suicide.
St. Louis Cardinals'outfield prospect James Ramsey would later also benefit greatly by learning second base.
St. Louis Cardinals outfield prospect James Michael Ramsey would also benefit by not also learning second base.
St. Louis Cardinals outfield prospect, outfielder, James Ramsey would benefit by also learning second base.
St. Louis Cardinals'outfield prospect James Ramsey would benefit by learning from playing at second base.
St. - Louis Cardinals outfield prospect James Ramsey also would also benefit greatly by learning second base.
The Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Pirates agreed to terms terms along with Kyle Farnsworth.
The Pittsburgh Pirates also agreed to terms and terms with Kyle Farnsworth.
The Pittsburgh and Pittsburgh County Pirates agreed to terms with Kyle Farnsworth.
The Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Pirates also agreed terms to terms with Kyle Farnsworth.
The Pittsburgh Pirates agreed almost immediately to terms with manager Kyle Farnsworth.
Two former police service chiefs will be retiring.
Two former police service chiefs will be retiring.
Two police chiefs, will also be retiring.
Two former police chiefs will also be retiring.
Two police chiefs, also will be retiring.
Mahiyat Vij is also not a part of Khatron Ke Khiladi - 5, anymore due to a fracture.
Mahi Vij is also not a part of Khatroni Hai Ke Khiladi 5 anymore due to having suffered a fracture.
Mahi Vij is not a regular part actor of Khatron Ke Khiladi 2 - 5 anymore due due to a fracture.
Mahi Vijlani is not a part of Khatroni Ke Khiladi - 5 anymore, due mainly to a fracture.
Mahiya Vij is also not considered a part of Khatroni Ke Khiladi 5, anymore due to a fracture.
The Russian national economy may see zero economic growth because of the ongoing Western Ukraine crisis.
The Russian economy itself may also see near zero growth because of the the Ukraine crisis.
The Russian economy, however may see zero growth rate because of of the Ukraine crisis.
The Russian economy however, may see zero growth rate because of the ongoing Ukraine crisis.
The Russian nationalized economy may now also see zero growth because of the Ukraine crisis.
The US is cutting hundreds times out of millions dollars in humanitarian aid to Egypt.
The new US government is cutting off hundreds of US millions in aid to Egypt.
The US Western US is cutting hundreds of millions in foreign humanitarian aid to Egypt.
The US US is cutting hundreds out of millions dollars in aid aid to Egypt.
The US is also cutting hundreds out of millions in aid and aid to Egypt.
Afghan English - language interpreters have finally been offered residency.
Afghan interpreters have finally officially been officially officially offered residency.
Afghan interpreters have finally officially been officially officially offered residency.
Afghan language interpreters have finally been officially officially offered residency.
Afghan interpreters have finally and officially been officially offered residency.
New Mexico Soccer City is after a trip to play and host UNLV in the Pit.
New - South Mexico This is after making a trip to host UNLV in the Pit.
New Mexico is after all making it a trip to host UNLV games in the Pit.
New - Mexico is after a trip to play and host the UNLV in the Pit.
New Mexico City, is after a trip planned to host the UNLV in the Pit.
The Congress party is headed All for India winning a victory in Mizoram.
The Congress party is now headed for winning in a victory in Mizoram.
The Congress party is headed up for a victory rally held in Mizoram.
The National Congress party is also now headed for a victory in Mizoram.
The National Democratic Congress political party is headed for a victory in Mizoram.
A FATHER family of two people died suddenly from an enormous prescription caffeine overdose after eating a large packet of high - energy mints.
A FATHER One of the two died suddenly from an apparently enormous caffeine overdose, shortly after eating a packet of high energy mints.
A FATHER One of the two died, very very suddenly from an enormous caffeine overdose after eating a packet of high energy mints.
A FATHER of two died from taking an enormous prescription caffeine overdose after only eating half a packet of high - - energy mints.
A FATHER of two - hundred people died from an enormous caffeine overdose after eating a packet full of very - high energy mints.
I needs money for a short - term loan fast nation wide.
I needs a short term bank loan fast, and nation wide.
I needs a big short - term bank loan fast nation wide.
I also needs a short term loan going fast and nation wide.
I needs a really big, short term loan fast nation wide.
Dynamics Research Corporation has also entered into a joint Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with the Army Intelligence Systems and Information Warfare Directorates of the joint venture US Army - Army Communications - Electronics Research, Development and Systems Engineering Center.
Dynamics Defense Research Corporation has entered into a strategic joint Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with both the Army Intelligence and Information Warfare Systems Directorates of the US Army Army Communications Communications - Military Electronics Research, Development and Engineering Center.
Dynamics Defense Systems Research Corporation has entered into a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with NASA, and both the Intelligence and Information Systems and Warfare Directorate of the US Army Communications - Electronics Research, Technology, Development and Engineering Center.
Dynamics Research Corporation has most recently entered upon itself, into a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with the Intelligence and Information Warfare Directorate of the Headquarters, US Army Army Communications - and Electronics Research, Development and Systems Engineering Center.
Dynamics Research Corporation has entered into agreement a Cooperative Research and Technology Development Cooperation Agreement with the Intelligence and Information Warfare Systems Development Directorate of the Headquarters US Army Communications - and Electronics Research, Technology Development and Systems and Engineering Center.
What would I even say, if there is an app that will generate a Facebook status.
What would I ever say, is an upcoming iPhone app that will generate a Facebook status.
What would I say, is an iPhone app that hopefully will generate a good Facebook status.
What would, I say is an app that will generate you with a new Facebook status.
What would, I say, is an app or app that will generate a Facebook status.
Francois - Hollande himself has refused her permission to answer questions on his private life.
Francois Hollande himself has also repeatedly refused to publicly answer questions on his private life.
Francois Hollande has refused to publicly answer questions on inquiries his own private life.
Francois Hollande himself has refused to answer questions on in particular his own private life.
Francois Hollande himself has repeatedly publicly refused to answer questions based on his private life.
Malcolm Malcolm Turnbull has also called for a national conscience vote.
Malcolm Turnbull has since called again calling for a conscience vote.
Malcolm Malcolm Malcolm Turnbull MP has called for a conscience vote.
Malcolm Fraser Turnbull MP has called again for a conscience vote.
Malcolm Turnbull MP has called for only such a conscience vote.
Wang Yijun also met up with Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh of India.
Wang and Yi also met with Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singha of India.
Wang Yi met with Foreign - Affairs Cabinet Secretary Sujatha Singh of India.
Wang and Yi also personally met with Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh of India.
Wang and Wang Yi met with Foreign Affairs Secretary Sujatha Singh of India.
First retrofitted fully alternating - direct current electric local train will be run in Pune.
First ever retrofitted fully alternating - current fully electric local train will run in Pune.
First - ever fully retrofitted fully alternating current electric local train will run in Pune.
First retrofitted and fully - electrified, alternating current local train will run in Pune.
First retrofitted and fully alternating - current electric local train will be run in Pune.
Leyton - Orient keeper Eldino Jakupovic has been recalled early by rivals Hull City.
Leyton Orient'keeper, Eldin Jakupovic has been recently recalled home by Hull City.
Leyton - Orient keeper, Eldin Jakupovic has since been also recalled by Hull City.
Leyton Orient'keeper Eldin Jakupovic has been reportedly also recalled away by Hull City.
Leyton - Orient'keeper Eldin Jakupovic has been recalled home early by Hull City.
Conspiracies are also being being hatched directly against the MQM.
Conspiracies that are now being hatched are against the MQM.
Conspiracies arise that are being hatched against by the MQM.
Conspiracies are also being hatched up against by the MQM.
Conspiracies are now also also being hatched against the MQM.
A field museum of remembrances has opened up at Carisbrooke Castle.
A brand new field of remembrance has been opened at Carisbrooke Castle.
A field museum of national remembrance has opened up at Carisbrooke Castle.
A field of remembrance has been opened up at nearby Carisbrooke Castle.
A field of national war remembrance has opened up at Carisbrooke Castle.
The local Lion's Den Club will be there holding a tailgate picnic.
The local Lion's Club will be seen, holding a tailgate picnic.
The Lion's Den Club will also be holding up a tailgate picnic.
The local Red Lion's Club members will be holding a tailgate picnic.
The Lion's Club members will be there, holding a tailgate picnic.
Papiss - Cisse is raring to also go for Newcastle United, with St. Mirren tonight.
Papiss - Cisse is raring to also go for Newcastle United with the new St Mirren tonight.
Papiss Cisse is raring up to go for Newcastle - United with the name St Mirren tonight.
Papiss Cisse is raring to now also go for Newcastle United, with St. Mirren tonight.
Papiss Cisse is raring to go play for Newcastle - United along with St. Mirren tonight.
WikiHow has launched with a full website redesign.
WikiHow also recently has launched a website redesign.
WikiHow has been launched with a website redesign.
WikiHow has launched with it a website redesign.
WikiHowk has launched a new website redesign.
National Geographic have scrapped their plans for producing their scripted series, An American Act of Valor.
National Geographic Channel executives have scrapped all their plans entirely for their scripted series Act of Valor.
National Geographic have scrapped their plans entirely for filming their own new scripted series Act of Valor.
National Geographic Channel have scrapped almost all their original plans for their scripted series Act of Valor.
National Geographic have since scrapped all of their plans for their scripted television series Act of Valor.
A motorist, he was later also jailed for two months.
A motorist, was jailed for just over a two months.
A motorist, he was jailed there for over two months.
A motorist, was later also jailed for over two months.
A former local motorist, was jailed there for two months.
A pedestrian was struck and was later reported killed on Highway 10.
A female pedestrian was struck, injured and killed on Highway 10.
A pedestrian was struck, injured and killed on State Highway 10.
A pedestrian was struck, critically injured and killed on Highway 10.
A pedestrian was struck, and he was killed on Highway 10.
A Republican, Adams announced retirement upon his retirement.
A Republican, John Adams announced upon his retirement.
A Republican, Adams was announced upon his retirement.
A Republican, President John Adams announced his retirement.
A lifelong Republican, Adams later announced his retirement.
A second, MAN stole from donation boxes.
A MAN employee stole money from donation boxes.
A MAN stole from the two donation boxes.
A MAN employee stole money from donation boxes.
A second MAN stole money from donation boxes.
Banks should also help look further at a policy of employment targeting.
Banks also should look closely at developing a policy of employment targeting.
Banks should look at a policy and a definition of employment targeting.
Banks also, should look at a policy aspect of employment targeting.
Banks should look specifically at a national policy of targeted employment targeting.
A new breeding group of 11 young adult whooping cranes is also scheduled to arrive back in Vermilione Parish the next month.
A new breeding group of about 11 very young adult male whooping cranes is also scheduled to arrive in Vermilion Parish next month.
A new crane rescue group consisting of 11 very young whooping cranes cranes is scheduled to arrive in Vermilion Parish next month.
A new group of about 11 young female whooping crane cranes is scheduled to also arrive back in Vermilion Parish the next month.
A new group of 11 very young whooping crane cranes is also scheduled to arrive in Vermilion Parish the very very next month.
Global air freight and traffic volume volumes showed a slow but steady improvement.
Global air freight volumes also showed a relatively slow, but steady improvement.
Global domestic air freight volumes showed only a slow, but steady improvement.
Global air freight and traffic volumes showed a slow, but steady improvement.
Global air - sea freight traffic volumes showed a slow but steady improvement.
Aaron Rodgers will come visit with me the doctor tomorrow.
Aaron and Rodgers will come visit with the doctor tomorrow.
Aaron Rodgers I think will go visit the doctor tomorrow.
Aaron Rodgers I will visit you with the doctor tomorrow.
Aaron Rodgers will come visit the family room doctor tomorrow.
Akshay Kumar Kumar Kumar is deeply miffed with Nargis Fakhri.
Akshay Kumar - Raj Kumar is miffed with Nargis Fakhri.
Akshay Kumar - Kumari is miffed with Nargis Fakhri.
Akshay Kumar is miffed up with killing the Nargis Fakhri.
Akshay Kumar himself is miffed with killing the Nargis Fakhri.
Versarien widened down its H1 - pretax loss to around £ 0. 4m.
Versarien widened its H1 pretax loss margin to be around £ 0. 4m.
Versarien also widened down its H1 pretax loss limit to £ 0. 4m.
Versarien has widened down its H1 pretax loan loss to £ 0. 4m.
Versarien widened its total H1 - pretax loss to £. 0. 4m.
The brand new facility building was inaugurated.
The new military training facility was inaugurated.
The brand new facility building was inaugurated.
The new sports facility building was inaugurated.
The brand new facility building was inaugurated.
Pittsburgh Steelers has signed quarterback Shayne Graham.
Pittsburgh Steelers has also signed Shayne Graham.
Pittsburgh has also recently signed Shayne Graham.
Pittsburgh has also signed quarterback Shayne Graham.
Pittsburgh Steelers has signed quarterback Shayne Graham.
The New York Daily - Times Co., will also sell The New Boston Globe to John W. Henry.
The New York Times Co. will sell its The Boston Daily - Evening Globe newspaper to John W. Henry.
The New - York Times Co., will sell The Boston Globe newspaper, to publisher John W. Henry.
The New York Times Co. will sell The New Boston Globe daily newspaper to John and Mary W. Henry.
The new New New York Times Co. will sell The Boston Globe newspaper to publisher John and W. Henry.
Incessant rain battered the cities downstream of rivers of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack.
Incessant rain battered the cities downstream of rivers of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack.
Incessant rain also battered the cities downstream of rivers Bhubaneswar and Cuttack.
Incessant rain battered the coastal cities, of Bhubaneswar, and Cuttack.
Incessant heavy rain battered the cities downstream of Bhubaneswar River and Cuttack.
Maggie, and the Rose sheds for Looking Back Now.
Maggie Rose sheds her tears for Not Looking Back Now.
Maggie then leaves and Rose sheds for Looking Back Now.
Maggie Rose sheds her tears for Looking Right Back Now.
Maggie and Rose sheds for the Looking - Back Now.
O'liven TV's Share House was held at its production conference.
O'live TV's Shared Media House held its first production conference.
O'live TV's show Shared House held its first production conference.
O'liven TV's Share House also held its first production conference.
O'live TV's Share House held interviews at its annual production conference.
Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward immediately after police questioning an elderly woman who was struck by such a car at Waterloo.
Police are appealing for the witnesses not to come after an elderly woman who allegedly was struck down twice by a car at Waterloo.
Police are also appealing unsuccessfully for witnesses to come after an injured, elderly woman who was struck by a police car at Waterloo.
Police are appealing for witnesses and to help come soon after when an elderly elderly woman was accidentally struck by a car at Waterloo.
Police are now also appealing for witnesses to come after an elderly Jewish woman was accidentally struck by a suicide car bomb at Waterloo.
Carolyn Johnson is joining KNBC, with the station based in West Los Angeles.
Carolyn Johnson, is also currently joining KNBC, the station in Los Angeles.
Carolyn Johnson, is joining KNBC, the main PBS station in Los Angeles.
Carolyn Johnson is also currently joining at KNBC, the station in Los Angeles.
Carolyn Johnson is joining KNBC, with the new station in West Los Angeles.
US Vice Vice President - Vice President Joe Biden has arrived in Ukraine.
US Vice - President Joe Biden, who himself has arrived in Ukraine.
US Vice - President, Joe Joe Biden, has arrived in Ukraine.
US Vice Vice Vice - President President Joe Biden has arrived in Ukraine.
US Vice Vice - President Joe Biden has just recently arrived in Ukraine.
A Hoffman Estates Estates man pleaded guilty to abusing of a pregnant, young girl.
A Hoffman Estates man has pleaded guilty not guilty to sexually abusing a young girl.
A Hoffman Estates man pleaded guilty to allegedly sexually sexually abusing a local young girl.
A young Hoffman Estates, Putnam County man pleaded guilty to abusing a young girl.
A young Hoffman Estates man has pleaded guilty to abusing a pregnant, young girl.
The win, here, in the real West Indies has come at the right time.
The win in which the West Indies has won finally come about at the right time.
The win in the real West Indies has to come about just at the right time.
The win in the West Indies has to come at just just about the right time.
The win in the brand new West Indies has come at just about the right time.
Free school supplies will also also be freely given away.
Free school and school food supplies will be given away.
Free primary school and food supplies will be given away.
Free school supplies also, will not be given away.
Free school food and supplies also will be given away.
Where the Only Good Money Is.
Wherever the Good Money Is.
Wherever the Good Money Is.
Where the Only Good Money Is.
Wherever the Good Money Is.
First lady Michelle Michelle and Obama feed apples directly to giant pandas.
First - lady Obama and Michelle Obama feed apples to giant pandas.
First lady Michelle Obama feed apples, directly, to giant pandas.
First lady and Michelle Obama Obama feed apples to the giant pandas.
First - elected lady Michelle Obama feed the apples to giant pandas.
David Cassidy got himself busted up for DUI.
David Cassidy got himself busted up for DUI.
David Cassidy got himself busted up for DUI.
David Cassidy just got busted up for DUI.
David Cassidy just got busted up for DUI.
The current CCSU nuclear lockdown has ended.
The current CCSUS lockdown has ended.
The CCSU lockdown program itself has ended.
The current annual CCSU lockdown has ended.
The entire CCSU lockdown program has ended.
Joel Griffiths has been banned indefinitely for both the two matches.
Joel Griffiths has been also subsequently banned, for two matches.
Joel Griffiths has long since also been banned for two matches.
Joely Griffiths has also previously been banned for two matches.
Joely Griffiths has been subsequently banned abroad for two matches.
A Lake Charles City police man has pleaded to be a no contest in a criminal sexual conduct case.
A Lake Charles City man has pleaded a no contest in pursuing a federal criminal sexual - conduct case.
A Lake Charles City black man has pleaded no contest in a federal criminal sexual - sexual conduct case.
A Lake City County young man who has pleaded no - contest in a criminal or sexual conduct case.
A Salt Lake City man has pleaded to no contest in filing a criminal sexual ill - conduct case.
European stocks may follow the Asian exchange stock markets higher.
European Union stock market stocks may follow Asian markets higher.
European stock market stocks may follow the Asian markets higher.
European stocks also, and may follow Asian markets higher.
European stocks also may follow the East Asian markets higher.
Pat Quinn issued the statement on the twenty sixth anniversary of the the 2001 Chicago NIU tragedy.
Pat Quinn issued the following statement, on the sixth year anniversary celebration of the NIU tragedy.
Pat Quinn issued the statement, on the sixth anniversary anniversary, of ending the NIU tragedy.
Patsy Quinn issued the following statement on the upcoming twenty sixth anniversary of the NIU tragedy.
Pat Quinn later issued the statement on the sixth anniversary of both victims of the NIU tragedy.
Bradley Manning was later acquitted, convicted of aiding the enemy.
Bradley and Manning was acquitted of not actually aiding the enemy.
Bradley Manningham, was acquitted of aiding with the enemy.
Bradley surrendered and Manningham was acquitted of aiding the enemy.
Bradley and Manning was later acquitted of aiding with the enemy.
Brad Pitt, and Angelina Jolie plan themselves to be wed on board a boat.
Brad Pitt Pitt and Angelina Jolie both plan to later be wed on a boat.
Brad Pitt Pitt and Angelina - Angelina Jolie plan to wed on board a boat.
Brad - Pitt Pitt and Angelina Jolie plan for them to wed on a boat.
Brad Pitt and American actress Angelina Jolie both plan to wed him on a boat.
Martin - Ward believes he's all - set to make history this weekend.
Martin Ward believes he's set to finally finally make Hollywood history this weekend.
Martin Warde believes he's set out to make world history this weekend.
Martine : Warde believes he's set to make history this weekend.
Martine Warde believes he's all set to make history this weekend.
President President of Azerbaijan the Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev arrived in Astara.
President elect of Azerbaijan, Ilhamid Aliyev arrived in Astara.
President of Azerbaijan Ilhamid Aliyeva arrived first in Astara.
President of Azerbaijan, Ilhamid Aliyev arrived back in Astara.
President General of the Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev arrived first in Astara.
Firms need and NRM. Narayana Murthy is also not a great big fanatic of running a company based solely on visas.
Firms need and NR Narayana Rao Krishna Murthy is also probably not even a great fan of running a company based solely on visas.
Firms of need and need. NR Narayana Krishnan Murthy is not even a great fan of running a company based on visas.
Firms need and NR Narayana. Krishna Murthy is not a great fan of him even running a very small company based on visas.
Firms need and NR Narayana Murthy who is apparently not even really a great fan of running a software development company based on visas.
Reza and Aslan told me Piers Morgan.
Reza Aslani also told Piers Morgan.
Reza ibn Aslan told Sir Piers Morgan.
Reza ibn'Aslan told Piers Morgan.
Reza Aslan told to me Piers Morgan.
This system is the first major major change in the American ideology of cleaning vinyl - covered windows and sliding glass doors in over 20 years.
This system is the first major technological change in the American ideology of cleaning vinyl windows, doors and glass doors in just over 20 years.
This system is considered the first major public policy change in changing the ideology policy of cleaning of vinyl windows and doors in over 20 years.
This system is considered the first major change in the ideology policy of not cleaning vinyl, windows, and doors in just over 20 years.
This system, which is the first major change made in the national ideology, of cleaning vinyl windows and doors, in over 20 years.
Nissan Motor Company has plans to build a assembly line plant in Myanmar.
Nissan Heavy Motor Company plans to build a assembly plant here in Myanmar.
Nissan Motor Company plans to build a assembly line plant here in Myanmar.
Nissan Heavy Industries Motor plans to build up a assembly plant in Myanmar.
Nissan Motor plans also to build a car - assembly plant in Myanmar.
The Westover City Police Department and the US Postal Inspection Service Service Investigation Service are also investigating a robbery.
The Westover Police Department, FBI and the US Postal Service Postal Inspection Service are investigating such a robbery.
The Westover Police Department and the US Postal Inspection Service Service are currently investigating for such as a robbery.
The local Westover Police Operations Department and the US Postal Inspection Service Investigation Service are also investigating a robbery.
The local local North Westover Police Department and the local US Postal Inspection Service Service are investigating a robbery.
Selena Gomez herself, who has caused a little bit of controversy with her Thanksgiving performance.
Selena Selena Gomez has caused a bit of a controversy recently, with her Thanksgiving performance.
Selena Gomez, has also caused a bit of a controversy with her 2010 Thanksgiving performance.
Selena Gomez has caused a bit of controversy starting off with her 2010 US Thanksgiving performance.
Selena Selena Gomez, has also caused a bit of a controversy with her Thanksgiving performance.
John Tortorella, is on hand to the hot seat.
Johnnie Tortorella is on to take the hot seat.
John Tortorella, is seated alone on the hot seat.
John Tortorella, is seated on to the hot seat.
John, Tortorella, who is on the hot seat.
The International Peace Centre has invited students to attend tripartite talks.
The Centre has been invited to twice to attend tripartite talks.
The Science Centre has been invited to regularly attend tripartite talks.
The Centre also has students invited to regularly attend tripartite talks.
The Centre has been regularly invited to regularly attend tripartite talks.
A sexually - - driven violent predator who will be moving into a Denver neighborhood.
A sexually violent predator, will be moving right into such a beautiful Denver neighborhood.
A sexually violent sexual predator who will be moving into " a new Denver neighborhood.
A very sexually - violent predator who will be moving into a new Denver neighborhood.
A sexually violent sexual predator will not be moving into such of a Denver neighborhood.
A Rome man has been accused of having sexual or otherwise inappropriate sexual contact with a child.
A young Rome man who has been accused of having sexual or sexual contact with a child.
A young Rome man has been falsely falsely accused of having sexual sexual contact with a child.
A Rome man has been accused of not having sexual sexual contact with such as a child.
A young Rome man has also recently been falsely accused of having sexual contact with a child.
James Van der Harden left with a severe right knee contusion.
James Harden left with only only half a right knee contusion.
James Harden was left with a severe right - knee contusion.
James Harden, was left with only a right knee contusion.
James Harden was left with a severe right - knee contusion.
CENIUMS has begun deployments on the MGM's Chengdu China property.
CENIUM has also begun deployment on MGM's Chengdu, South China property.
CENIUMS has begun deployment on the Chinese MGM's Chengdu China property.
CENIUM has begun a deployment on MGM's new Chengdu, China property.
CENIUM has begun a military deployment on MGM's new Chengdu China property.
I'm my very own personal worst enemy.
I'm definitely not my own worst enemy.
I'm not my very own worst enemy.
I'm my very own own worst enemy.
I really'm my very own worst enemy.
Two Manali skiers have made history by successfully qualifying them for Winter Olympics.
Two other Manali skiers could have made by qualifying it for Winter Olympics.
Two Manalin skiers have made history by qualifying them for Winter Olympics.
Two Manalin skiers have made by qualifying for the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Two Manali skiers have been made by qualifying it up for Winter Olympics.
Daylin Leach, emotionally distanced, truth telling, I would rather not consider calling myself a true Third Way type of candidate.
Daylin and Leach, distanced, truth - - telling, I certainly would not consider myself a Third Way type of candidate.
Daylin Leach, I distanced, telling, I would not consider myself a Third One - One Way Drive type of candidate.
Daylin Leach, distanced, truth telling, and I would rather you not consider myself as a Third Way type of candidate.
Daylin Leach, distanced, telling, I would not consider presenting myself here as such a Third Way type - of candidate.
Pervez Musharraf appeared twice before a court martial to not face treason charges.
Pervez Musharraf appeared before such a court - martial to face treason charges.
Pervez Musharraf has appeared twice before a military court to face treason charges.
Pervez Musharraf had also later appeared before a court to face treason charges.
Pervez and Musharraf appeared before a court martial, to face treason charges.
A new, murder mystery suspect is back in jail.
A murder suspect is backed up while in jail.
A murderous serial murder suspect is back in jail.
A third murder suspect is put back up in jail.
A murder suspect, he now is back in jail.
Mahmoud Abbas warned of legalizing action taken immediately to stop the Israeli settlement expansion.
Mahmoud Abbas warned him of legal action taken to help stop the Israeli settlement expansion.
Mahmoud Abbas was also warned of legalizing action to stop Israeli forced settlement expansion.
Mahmoud Abbas warned of legal action to stop Israeli - forced - settlement settlement expansion.
Mahmoud Abbas warned Israel of legalizing action to stop Israeli - forced settlement expansion.
Star Artem Chigvintsev, is who has posed in only his pants.
Star Artem - Alexander Chigvintsev is has posed in only his pants.
Star actor Artem Chigvintsev, is who has posed in his pants.
Star actor, Artem Chigvintsev is also has posed in his pants.
Stary Artem - Chigvintsev who is has posed in his pants.
The senior UN inspector says that his team members will return home to Syria within weeks.
The UN medical inspector says that his own medical team will return to Syria within weeks.
The UN chief inspector general says, that his team will return to Syria within weeks.
The UN special inspector says his team members will return back home to Syria within weeks.
The UN inspector - general says his team will not return to northern Syria within weeks.
AUSTRALIA will take in 500 displaced and displaced Syrian refugees.
AUSTRALIAL will also take in 500 displaced Syrian refugees.
AUSTRALIA will take in 500 internally displaced and Syrian refugees.
AUSTRALIAL will take a part in 500 Syrian refugees.
AUSTRALIA will also take part in over 500 Syrian refugees.
This graduate parked her mom's new $ 327, 000 Toyota Mini Maserati in the middle end of across the street.
This graduate parked her mom's $ 327, 000 Maserati car in park in the middle of almost half the street.
This graduate student had parked her late mom's $ 327, 000 Toyota Maserati in near the middle of the street.
This college graduate parked her old late - mom's $ 327, 000 000 Maserati in the middle of the street.
This graduate parked her mom's $ 327, 000 000 black Toyota Maserati in the very middle end of the street.
John Deere has become a major sponsor company for professional professional golfer, Zach Johnson.
John and later John Deere has become a sponsor for former professional golfer Zach Johnson.
John John Deere has also become a sponsor for the former professional golfer Zach Johnson.
John John Deere Pro Golf has become a major sponsor for professional golfer Zach Johnson.
John John Deere has also become a sponsor company for former professional golfer Zach Johnson.
Kate, who played, and today, took to a sand volleyball court covered in platform wedges.
Kate, who played, today took to building a new indoor volleyball volleyball court in platform wedges.
Kate, who played, today took to a sand volleyball practice court in the same platform wedges.
Kate, who played, until later today took me to a volleyball court in the platform wedges.
Kate, who played, today, and took to a volleyball and practice court in platform wedges.
More rich rich Britons now than ever did their Christmas shopping online.
More rich Britons than ever did all of their Christmas shopping online.
More Britons than ever did all their very own Christmas shopping online.
More Britons than they have ever now did their Christmas shopping online.
More young Britons now than ever now did their Christmas shopping online.
Philip Seymour Hoffman had died suddenly of taking an accidental overdose.
Philip Philip Seymour Hoffman died of taking on an accidental overdose.
Philip Seymour - Hoffman died suddenly because of an accidental overdose.
Philip Seymour Hoffman had also died suddenly of an accidental overdose.
Philip Philip Hoffman Philip Seymour Hoffman died of an accidental overdose.
Macmahon Holdings also announced its first loss margin in over 10 years.
Macmahon Holdings announced its first loss in over half another 10 years.
Macmahon Holdings announced its first major loss story in over 10 years.
Macmahon Valley Holdings announced its very first loss, in 10 years.
Macmahon Holdings also announced its first loss in over another 10 years.
DGH has recommended an additional additional penalty burden of approximately US USD 792 million on Reliance Industries.
DGHR has recommended imposing an additional penalty fine of over USD 792 million on Reliance Industries.
DGHR has recommended an additional additional penalty of about USD 792 - million on Reliance Industries.
DGHR has recommended an additional venture capital penalty of about USD 792 million on Reliance Industries.
DGH has recommended an additional additional penalty of USD $ 792 million on acquiring the Reliance Industries.
Pittsburgh Steelers coach Mike Tomliny also was fined US $ 100, 000.
Pittsburgh / Steelers coach, Mike Tomlin, was fined $ 100, 000.
Pittsburgh Steelers coach, Mike Tomlin was fined $ $. 100, 000.
Pittsburgh Steelers coach Mike Tomliny was fined $ $. 100, 000.
Pittsburgh Steelers coach, owner Mike Tomlin was fined US $ 100, 000.
Atascadero is the very very very heart of family fun.
Atascadero Park is the very heartland of family fun.
Atascadero is the heart of the whole - family fun.
Atascadero is the cultural heartland full of family fun.
Atascadero is the heartland of the Mexican family fun.
ListHub announced in a licensing agreement with ListGlobally.
ListHub announced a agreement agreement agreement with ListGlobally.
ListHub was announced in a agreement with ListGlobally.
ListHub announced a licensing agreement agreement with ListGlobally.
ListHub announced a licensing licensing agreement with ListGlobally.
A Reedsville black man was also arrested and later charged with malicious assault.
A Reedsville black man was arrested, and charged with a malicious assault.
A Reedsville man was also later arrested, and charged with malicious assault.
A young young Reedsville man was arrested and later charged with malicious assault.
A young Reedsville man was arrested and later was charged with malicious assault.
Kris Jenner may also publicly publicly regret divorcing Robert Kardashian.
Kris Jenner may also regret her not divorcing Robert Kardashian.
Kris Jenner, may also regret divorcing actor Robert Kardashian.
Kristin Jenner, also may regret divorcing Robert Kardashian.
Kris Jenner, may well also regret divorcing Robert Kardashian.
Javier de Bardemón is due back to play Blackbeard.
Javier Bardem is due in 2019, to play Blackbeard.
Javier Fernández de Bardem is due back to play Blackbeard.
Javier Bardemón is due to also also play Blackbeard.
Javier Fernández Fernández de Bardem is due to play Blackbeard.
13 Canadian officials and public figures have been banned persons illegally from physically illegally entering Russia.
13 Canadian government security officials, and several public figures have been banned from entering Russia.
13 Canadian government officials and other public figures, have been banned illegally from entering Russia.
13 Canadian government officials and other public figures have been temporarily banned illegally from entering Russia.
13 Canadian officials, and public figures, have been temporarily banned illegally from entering Russia.
Taylor took her out, to visit live with some fans, at, the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
Taylor took with her out to visit with her some cancer fans at Save the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
Taylor took her son out once again to visit with some fans at the Children's Hospital outside of Philadelphia.
Taylor took her out to go visit her with some fans at Save the Children's Hospital outside of Philadelphia.
Taylor also took out to visit along with her some cancer fans, at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
The East South East South Carolina softball team will split a doubleheader at Louisiana Tech.
The East Carolina softball varsity team split off for a doubleheader at nearby Louisiana Tech.
The East Carolina Panthers softball team split in a historic rivalry doubleheader at Louisiana Tech.
The East Carolina Panthers softball team split off for a doubleheader at rival Louisiana Tech.
The East Carolina softball team split a doubleheader at conference football rival, Louisiana Tech.
The new, easternmost route of the crop tour began.
The first south eastern route of the first crop tour began.
The easternmost route north of the crop rotation tour began.
The first north eastern route of the first crop tour began.
The south eastern European route of the crop rotation tour began.
Maria Sharapova, will play again in an international exhibition tennis tournament, which will be also held in Thailand.
Maria Sharapova, will play again in an exhibition tennis club tournament, which will also be held in Thailand.
Maria Sharapova will play in such an exhibition table tennis tournament, one which will also be held in Thailand.
Maria Sharapova will play in such an exhibition tournament, and one which will also be held annually in Thailand.
Mariam Sharapova team will play in an exhibition tournament, one of which will also be held in Thailand.
A federal district judge has rebuked Calgary police.
A judge also, has rebuked Calgary police.
A judge has rebuked the local Calgary police.
A federal judge has rebuked the Calgary police.
A federal judge also has rebuked Calgary police.
The power of reading is not the printed word used.
The sheer physical power of reading the printed word used.
The primary power of reading is the printed word used.
The power of the reading is the printed word used.
The power of simply simply reading the printed word used.
Amitabh Bachchan also has declined an extended extended invitation to perform with Shah - Rukh Khan.
Amitabh Jayan Bachchan also has declined an invitation to perform with the Shah Rukh Khan.
Amitabh Bachchan has declined an invitation to come and personally perform with the Shah Rukh Khan.
Amitabh Bachchan has declined an extended invitation to come perform with Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan.
Amitabh Bachchan has declined her family for an invitation to perform with actor Shah Rukh Khan.
A tornado watchout has resulted in schools cancelling their scheduled after - school and evening activities.
A tornado watch has resulted in schools cancelling their own after school and all other evening activities.
A tornado tornado watch has resulted in many schools cancelling their after - school and evening activities.
A tornado tornado watch has resulted in the many schools cancelling after - school and evening activities.
A tornado watch has resulted in many schools temporarily cancelling after - school lunch and evening activities.
The upcoming 2012 Chicago White Sox made eight possible roster moves.
The 2012 Chicago White White Sox season made eight roster moves.
The expansion Chicago Chicago White Sox made all eight roster moves.
The 2012 Chicago White - Sox Sox made eight roster moves.
The newly expansion Chicago White Sox made eight possible roster moves.
A prayer leader, who has pleaded guilty not to assaulting.
A former prayer leader who has pleaded guilty not to assaulting.
A local Christian youth prayer leader has pleaded guilty to assaulting.
A former prayer leader who he has pleaded guilty to assaulting.
A local prayer leader has also recently pleaded guilty to assaulting.
Its Mega Millions winning game mode is getting it a makeover.
Its Mega Millions game console console is getting quite a makeover.
Its Mega Millions game console is also now getting a makeover.
Its Mega Mega Mega Millions game console is getting a makeover.
Its new Mega Millions game is also getting quite a makeover.
The police crackdowns on private buses continued.
The crackdowns on the private buses continued.
The police crackdowns on private buses continued.
The crackdown on private school bus buses continued.
The regular police crackdown on private buses continued.
A young New Lexington man had died in such a crash.
A young young New Lexington man died later in a crash.
A New Lexington General Hospital man died later in a crash.
A New Lexington Hospital man also died later in a crash.
A New Lexington man had died accidentally in such a crash.
Air Transport Canada has tumbled the most in more than four hundred years, after forecasting.
Air Canada tumbled the most dramatically in more than twenty - four hundred years after forecasting.
Air Force Transport in Canada had tumbled the most in more than four years after forecasting.
Air Canada tumbled the most in more than four - five hundred years, after forecasting.
Air Transport Canada tumbled the most in more than twenty four hundred plus years after forecasting.
Umar - Gul is also now eyeing a return to competitive cricket.
Umar Gul is eyeing for him a possible return to competitive cricket.
Umar Gul is still seriously eyeing for a return to competitive cricket.
Umar Gul is eyeing a possible possible return back to competitive cricket.
Umar Gul is eyeing him up for a return to competitive cricket.
Kell Brook is also targeting an upcoming showdown match against Amir Khan.
Kell - Brook is now targeting an showdown match against Amir Khan.
Kell Brooking is now targeting an immediate showdown against Amir Khan.
Kell Brooking is targeting him for an showdown against Amir Khan.
Kell - Brook is also targeting for an showdown against Amir Khan.
The School District School Board approved a budget.
The Springfield Area School Board approved a budget.
The School Administrative District Board approved a budget.
The School Board unanimously approved such a budget.
The Springfield School District Board approved a budget.
Two people from the Sioux Center were taken back to the hospital, after suffering an automobile accident near Ireton.
Two more people evacuated earlier from Sioux Medical Center were taken back to the hospital after an accident near Ireton.
Two people evacuated from Sioux Center were taken back to the hospital after suffering from an automobile accident near Ireton.
Two people from Sioux Center were taken safely back to the local hospital after an accident occurred somewhere near Ireton.
Two people evacuated from Sioux Center were taken back to the nearest local hospital after an automobile accident near Ireton.
A Coast Guard support ship will also help carry on by delivering the Christmas trees.
A new Coast - Defense Guard ship will carry on by also delivering Christmas trees.
A Coast Guard support ship will also carry on by delivering the remaining Christmas trees.
A Coast Guard support ship will also will help carry on by delivering Christmas trees.
A Coast Guard support ship will also will carry on by delivering the Christmas trees.
Modi had had no time left now for a common man.
Modi had had no time left for a young common man.
Modi had had no time for being around a common man.
Modig had had absolutely no time for a common man.
Modi had no more time for being a very common man.
A young woman was arrested again on attempted murder charges and arson complaints after which a man died in an fire.
A woman was later arrested on a murder and on arson - related complaints after a man died in an fire.
A woman was arrested on a murder charge and arson complaints after a young man had allegedly died in an fire.
A woman was arrested based on a suspected murder and arson complaints after a man had allegedly died in an fire.
A woman was arrested on a murder and arson following police complaints after a young man died in starting an fire.
Phil Everly, as the only other half of The Everly Brothers, died.
Philly Everly, the other half of The Everlys Brothers, died.
Phil Everly, the half brother of all the The Everly Brothers, died.
Phil Everly, the other half of The Three Everlys Brothers, died.
Philly Everly, the half of the The Three Everly Brothers, died.
Ghost Stories! has since extended its run at the London's Arts Theatre.
Ghost Stories has also been extended beyond its run at London's Arts Theatre.
Ghostly Stories has extended its theatrical run at London's National Arts Theatre.
Ghostly Stories has extended its run at both the London's Arts Theatre.
Ghostly Stories, has since extended its run at London's Arts Theatre.
Terrorist activities now present in all the hinterland continue to remain a threat.
Terrorist activities in the far northern hinterland continue to however remain a threat.
Terrorist activities in all the hinterland continue and to remain as a threat.
Terrorist activities concentrated in all the western hinterland continue to remain a threat.
Terrorist activities in the hinterland continue and continue to remain as a threat.
Britain's Lloyds Merchant Banking Group appointed as chairman its first new chairman.
Britain's Lloyds Banking Services Advisory Group was appointed as its new chairman.
Britain's Lloyds Banking Group subsequently appointed him as its its new chairman.
Britain's Lloyds Banking Services Group chairman was appointed as its new chairman.
Britain's largest Lloyds Banking Group was appointed as its first new chairman.
Courthouses closings have reportedly also been set for 2014.
Courthouse closings dates have also been set aside for 2014.
Courthouse closings have also been officially set aside for 2014.
Courthouse closings dates that have been tentatively set for 2014.
Courthouse closings have been also being tentatively set for 2014.
Nepal : An avalanche swept on Mount Everest, reportedly killing at - - least 12 guides.
Nepal An alpine avalanche swept on Mount Everest, reportedly killing at least about twenty 12 guides.
Nepal An avalanche then swept on to Mount Everest, killing at least half all 12 guides.
Nepal : An avalanche is swept on Mount Mount Everest, killing all at least 12 guides.
Nepal An alpine avalanche was swept away on Mount Mount Everest, killing at least 12 guides.
R & - B singer, Chris Brown was ordered to not remain in jail.
R & B singer, Chris Brown was ordered to temporarily remain incarcerated in jail.
R & B lead singer Chrissie Brown was ordered to remain incarcerated in jail.
R & B singer Chrissie Brown was also later ordered to remain in jail.
R & B singer Chrissie Brown was ordered to temporarily remain incarcerated in jail.
A Odessa maniac who is accused twice of sexual assault.
A very young Odessa man is accused of a sexual assault.
A Odessa maniac is accused again of a sexual assault.
A Odessa maniac is accused of committing a sexual assault.
A Odessa city police maniac is accused of sexual assault.
Pilgrim's Progress Park Pride Corp. plans not to close a rendering facility.
Pilgrim's Pride Development Corp. has announced plans to close a rendering facility.
Pilgrim's Pride Corp. plans not to close a water - rendering facility.
Pilgrim's Crossing Pride Developments Corp. plans to close a rendering facility.
Pilgrim's Pride Corp. has plans not to permanently close a rendering facility.
Yahoo! agreed instead to instead buy 40 - million shares from such a hedge fund.
Yahoo! has agreed to eventually buy over $ 40 million shares from a hedge fund.
Yahoo! agreed not to immediately buy 40 million of company shares from a hedge fund.
Yahoo! agreed to help buy 40 - million company shares from such a hedge fund.
Yahoo! has agreed not to buy 40 million company shares from such a hedge fund.
Tecoms has also launched, a cable switcher / scaler.
Tecoms has also launched, a cable switcher / scaler.
Tecom has launched, with a switcher / switch / scaler.
Tecom has launched, a digital switcher / switch / scaler.
Tecom has recently been also launched, a switcher / scaler.
The national democratic dialogues should birth a whole new constitution.
The new national dialogues should birth a whole new constitution.
The national dialogue should birth up a new completely new constitution.
The national democratic dialogue should birth up a completely new constitution.
The new Albanian national dialogues should birth a new constitution.
Shells Oil has filed a plan.
Shell Oil has not filed a plan.
Shell has not filed such a plan.
Shell has not filed for a plan.
Shell has not filed such a plan.
Councilor of Markandey Katju apologised to people he may have hurt him, by his 90 % percent of Indians who " are fools remark.
Council of Markandeya Katjur apologised to people he may not have hurt him by his 90 percent of Indians who " are fools remark.
Council of Chief Ministers Markandey Katju apologised to the people he said may not " have hurt by his 90 percent of Indians are fools remark.
Council of Markandey Katju apologised saying to people that he " who may have hurt by his 90 percent of Indians are not a fools remark.
Council of Markandey Katju apologised to the people who he said may have been hurt by his 90 - percent of " Indians are fools remark.
Officer and a young woman, who were both seriously injured in a car accident.
Officer and a woman passenger, were both injured in such a serious car accident.
Officer Smith and another a woman were both seriously injured in such a car accident.
Officer and later a young woman were also both injured in a fatal car accident.
Officer Smith and, later a woman were both injured in such a car accident.
Telstra is cutting off 1, 100 staff as part one phase of a restructure.
Telstra is considering cutting 1, 100 staff as a part of such a restructure.
Telstra Communications is considering considering cutting 1, 100 staff as part of a restructure.
Telstra is cutting 1, 100 staff as part one of a such a restructure.
Telstra is considering considering cutting 1, 100 staff as a part of a restructure.
US wants cars to be able not only to talk directly to, each other.
US wants cars to be better - able people to actually talk to each other.
USM wants cars to be better able to talk directly and to each other.
US wants cars to be able together to talk more often directly to each other.
US wants cars drivers have to always be better able to talk to each other.
Barack Obama and Congress may pardon Ald.
Barack Obama and Congress may pardon Ald.
Barack - Obama administration may pardon Ald.
Barack - Barack Obama may pardon Ald.
Barack Obama and Congress may pardon Ald.
Leicester Tigers'legend, Manuu Tuilagi will visit his old school.
Leicester Tigers'legend Manuu Tuilagi will visit at his old school.
Leicester Tigers legend, Manuu Tuilagi will visit at his old school.
Leicester Tigers legend Manu Tuilagiu also will visit at his old school.
Leicester Tigers'legend, Manu Tuilagi, will visit his old school.
Deutsche Börse AG is also planning to build a derivatives clearing - house based in Asia.
Deutscher Bank Deutscher Börse is planning to build a derivatives clearing house in Asia.
Deutsche Börse is planning to build a new global derivatives clearing house based mainly in Asia.
Deutscher Börse is planning plans to build a derivatives market clearing house based in Asia.
Deutsche Börse is now also planning to build a new derivatives market clearing house in Asia.
A vaginal gel, used to help prevent HIV infection after sex exposure may be.
A vaginal gel, used to prevent patients contracting HIV after sex exposure may be.
A vaginal gel used not primarily only to prevent HIV after sex it may be.
A vaginal gel, used primarily to prevent HIV infection after sex, may be.
A vaginal gel, used primarily to prevent contracting HIV after sex, may be.
Justin turned himself in to call the local Toronto police.
Justin had turned himself in to the local Toronto police.
Justin turned it and himself in hand to Toronto police.
Justin turned himself in to call the local Toronto police.
Justin turned himself in, staying close to Toronto police.
How often do you just not play roulette machines pay.
How do you just not play roulette when machines pay.
How don't you not play what roulette machines pay.
How dodly you play roulette when the machines pay.
How well do you you play what roulette machines pay.
A NUMBER of schools operating nationwide, will close down as teachers unions strike over their pay and conditions.
A NUMBER of schools will close - down as teachers unions strike over both their own pay and conditions.
A NUMBER group of schools will close down as the teachers'unions strike over their pay and conditions.
A new NUMBER of all the schools will close as teachers'unions will strike over pay and conditions.
A NUMBER of schools operating nationwide will soon close as teachers unions will also strike over pay and conditions.
A split second possible meth lab explosion blew a brick wall out.
A possible - - meth lab explosion blew a brick wall out.
A second, possible meth lab explosion blew half a wall out.
A possible meth - lab or explosion blew a brick wall out.
A possible meth - lab - style explosion blew a wall out.
Microsoft was announced with a big update coming to the new Microsoft Xbox One next week.
Microsoft announced this, with a new big update coming to the Xbox One next week.
Microsoft announced a big update was soon also coming to the Xbox One console next week.
Microsoft announced a big update coming right in to launch the new Xbox One next week.
Microsoft also announced that a big update coming to support the Xbox One console next week.
Memorial service for President Nelson - Mandela started.
Memorial service held for President Nelson Mandela started.
Memorial service for President Nelson - Mandela started.
Memorial Day service for President Nelson Mandela started.
Memorial service held for President Nelson Mandela started.
A young woman who was knocked down by driving her own car.
A woman who was being knocked down by her very own car.
A woman was knocked down twice by driving in her own car.
A woman was knocked upside down by someone driving her own car.
A beautiful young black woman was knocked down by her own car.
This week also signals the traditional final - chance meeting for islanders to nominate a local hero.
This week signals the kick off the final chance for the islanders to nominate a local hero.
This week signals the final chance for the islanders to successfully successfully nominate a new local hero.
This week signals the final chance meeting for the two islanders to each nominate a local hero.
This week signalsly the final chance of meeting for islanders, to nominate a local hero.
Herringford will probably be here coming early this year.
Herring Day will not be coming early on this year.
Herring - Day will be here coming early this year.
Herring will be coming in very early on this year.
Herringford will be here, coming early this year.
Kenan Lee Thompson, and wife Christina Evangeline Thompson are expecting.
Kenan Thompson and wife, actress Christina Evangeline, are expecting.
Kenan Thompson, and wife Christina and Evangeline, are expecting.
Kenan - Thompson and wife Christina - Marie Evangeline are expecting.
Kenan Thompson and wife Christina - Evangeline - Thompson are expecting.
Loudon Reed, the singer whose very early work The Velvet Underground influenced, has died in there at age 71.
Loudone - Reed, the singer whose work The Velvet Underground also had influenced, has died at age 71.
Lou Reed, the singer whose work The Velvet Underground influenced, lived and has died in there at the age 71.
Lou Reed Reed, the singer whose work The New York Velvet - Underground influenced, has died there at age 71.
Loudon Reed, the singer whose work The Velvet Underground influenced, retired and has since died at the age 71.
Gasoline oil prices grew.
Gasoline oil prices grew.
Gasoline oil prices grew.
Gasoline oil prices grew.
Gasoline oil prices grew.
Akhtar - starrer Bhaag Ki Ki Milkha Bhaag was screened in the Saudi Arabia.
Akhtar co - starrer film Bhaag Milkha Hai Bhaag was screened in Saudi Arabia.
Akhtar - starrer Bhaag Milkha Hai Bhaag was also screened twice in Saudi Arabia.
Akhtar - starrer Bhaag Milkha Bhaag was also being screened twice in Saudi Arabia.
Akhtar - starrer Bhaag Milkha Hai Bhaag was also screened in the Saudi Arabia.
The newly drafted memo is still awaiting the cabinet nod.
The newly drafted memo that is awaiting the cabinet nod.
The draft memo hereby is awaiting the final cabinet nod.
The draft memo, that is awaiting on the cabinet nod.
The final government draft memo is awaiting the final cabinet nod.
Actor, Kevin Michael - Hart paid a visit back to the Coronation Street set.
Actor Kevin Michael - Hart paid a visit back to the Coronation - Street set.
Actor, Kevin Hart, paid a special visit back to the Coronation Street set.
Actor Kevin Hart paid a visit to see the Coronation Eston - Street set.
Actor, Kevin Hart paid a visit to the new new main Coronation Street set.
A Raleigh County man has been ordered not to pay more than $ $ 5. 5 2 million for operating in such a Ponzi scheme.
A Raleigh maniac has also been ordered to not pay anyone else more than $ 5. 2 million annually for operating a Ponzi scheme.
A Raleigh man has also been specifically ordered not not to pay more than $ 5. 2 million for operating expenses under a Ponzi scheme.
A Raleigh man has been reportedly ordered not to pay more than $ 5. 2 US - million annually, for operating a Ponzi scheme.
A Raleigh man has been ordered to pay him more than $ 5. 2 million annually, allegedly for operating a brand new Ponzi scheme.
New Delhi - Delhi, Voting picked up.
New - Delhi, India Voting picked up.
New - Delhi, India Voting picked up.
New - Delhi, India Voting picked up.
New Delhi, India - Voting picked up.
A private plane will arrive to help evacuate and some Kuwaiti nationals from Lebanon, " a news source told.
A plane will arrive to evacuate the some Kuwaiti foreign - nationals fleeing from Lebanon, a news source told.
A plane will also arrive to help help help evacuate some Kuwaiti foreign nationals from Lebanon, a source told.
A plane will arrive soon to help to evacuate the some Kuwaiti nationals from southern Lebanon, a source told.
A private plane will arrive shortly after to evacuate some Kuwaiti nationals fleeing from Lebanon, a news source told.
Lupita Nyong'o has won her father the national award for Best Supporting Actress.
Lupita - Nyong'o has also won the award nomination for Best Supporting Actress.
Lupita - Nyong'ola, has won the award for Best Supporting Actress.
Lupita Nyong'ola has won the award twice for the Best Supporting Actress.
Lupita Nyong'o has also won the BAFTA award nomination for Best Supporting Actress.
They never really had caught Scott and Walker in a lie.
They had just caught Scott and Walker involved in a lie.
They had caught Scott and Scott Walker involved in a lie.
They had just recently caught Scott Walker involved in a lie.
They had caught both Scotty and Walker in a lie.
Payday loan companies licensed their loans in michigan.
Payday loan companies licensed loans made in michigan.
Payday - loan service companies licensed in michigan.
Payday loan companies are licensed only in michigan.
Payday loan companies offer licensed loans in michigan.
Geraint John Anderson is now also joining the Volex board.
Geraint John - Anderson is joining on the Volex board.
Geraint John - Anderson is also joining the Volex board.
Geraint Anderson is joining him on board the Volex board.
Geraint Anderson, is also currently joining the Volex board.
Chapel Hill police were also investigating him after a shooting.
Chapel Hill police officers were reportedly also investigating a shooting.
Chapel Hill police department officers were investigating after a shooting.
Chapel Hill County police were also investigating after a shooting.
Chapel Hill County police were also reportedly investigating a shooting.
Jimi Hendrix Fregosi suffered a stroke.
Jimi Fregosi also suffered a stroke.
Jimi Fregosi suffered from a stroke.
Jimi Hendrix Fregosi suffered a stroke.
Jim Fregosi also suffered from a stroke.
NATO countries will suspend almost all cooperation agreements with Russia.
NATO will later on also suspend all cooperation with Russia.
NATO countries also, will suspend all cooperation with Russia.
NATO will suspend almost almost all military cooperation with Russia.
NATO will also later also suspend all cooperation with Russia.
Hands Like Houses, they have announced a new national tour.
Hands That Are Like Houses have announced a new national tour.
Hands Like Houses, have announced a new, national tour.
Hands Like'Their'Houses have announced a national tour.
Hands Like Big Houses, have announced on a national tour.
Firefighting crews are battling fires against a wildfire in the New York River Gorge.
Firefighting crews are now also battling a wildfire in the nearby New River Gorge.
Fire crews nearby are battling a wildfire in on the nearby New York River Gorge.
Firefighting crews are also battling a raging wildfire in nearby the New River Gorge.
Fire crews are also battling a wildfire in the very remote nearby New River Gorge.
Amanda Christie Holden, Paulette O'Grady, Jacqueline Kennedy Wilson, and Sir Sir David Gandy launched Battersea Dogs and Cats Home biggest ever appeal.
Amanda Holden, Paulina O'Grady, Dame Jacqueline Kennedy Wilson, and David Gandy launched the Battersea Hot Dogs and Cats Home biggest ever appeal.
Amanda Jane Holden, Dame Paulette O'Grady, Jacqueline Wilson and David Gandy have launched Battersea Hot Dogs and the Cats Home biggest ever appeal.
Amanda Jane Holden, Paul O'Grady, Jacqueline Elizabeth Wilson, and David Gandy, launched the Battersea Dogs and Cats Home biggest - ever appeal.
Amanda Holden, Sir Paul O'Grady, Jacqueline Kennedy Wilson and Sir David Gandy launched the Battersea Dogs Home and Cats Home their biggest ever appeal.
Los Angeles Lakers legend Kobe Bryant Bryant later says he " has " shattered the recovery timetable.
Los - Angeles Lakers legend Kobe Bryant Bryant later says that he has shattered the recovery timetable.
Los Angeles Lakers basketball legend, Kobe Bryant says he has not shattered even the recovery timetable.
Los Angeles Lakers legend, owner Kobe Bryant says he " has shattered " the recovery timetable.
Los Angeles Lakers'basketball special team legend Kobe Bryant says he has shattered the recovery timetable.
Salesforce. com aim now is to create 100 jobs annually in Dublin.
Salesforce. com is expected to help create 100 jobs annually in Dublin.
Salesforce. com is to help help create 100 jobs here in Dublin.
Salesforce... com is to create over 100 jobs in Dublin.
Salesforce. com is to help create 100 new jobs annually in Dublin.
STMicroelectronics, which has also been in China introducing its LSM303D radio accelerometer and introducing a magnetometer combo module to Xiaomi and mobile phone makers.
STMicroelectronics, has been successful in introducing its new LSM303D accelerometer and a brand new magnetometer combo module, to Xiaomi and mobile phone makers.
STMicroelectronics, which has been in introducing its new generation of LSM303D accelerometer and magnetometer / combo module, to Xiaomi and mobile phone makers.
STMicroelectronics, has also been in introducing its new LSM303D, accelerometer, and magnetometer / combo control module to Xiaomi and mobile phone makers.
STMicroelectronics, has been in introducing its LSM303D accelerometer and magnetometer combo module to Xiaomi customers, and mobile e - commerce cell phone makers.
UK house prices hit a record - high level again in March.
UK house prices hit a record - high again, in March.
UK average house - prices had hit a record high in March.
UK house prices had hit a record - breaking high in March.
UK average house - sale prices hit a record high in March.
Derek Jeter III, will retire at the very end of of the 2014 season.
Derek Jeter, will retire at the end and end season of the 2014 season.
Derek Jeter will retire at the very very early end point of the 2014 season.
Derek Jeter will retire, at about the very end of after the 2014 season.
Derek Jeter will retire permanently, at at least the end of the 2014 season.
A large earthquake also hit eastern Japan, severely rocking buildings in Tokyo.
A earthquake also hit eastern Japan, rocking many buildings especially in Tokyo.
A earthquake hit far eastern central mainland Japan, rocking buildings in Tokyo.
A earthquake hit eastern Japan, severely damaging rocking buildings especially in Tokyo.
A earthquake had also recently hit eastern Japan, rocking buildings in Tokyo.
The 2014 elections will also be considered an extremely uphill task for UPA.
The 2014 elections will be considered an uphill task - force for UPA.
The upcoming 2014 elections campaign will be an extremely uphill task for UPA.
The 2014 elections campaign, will be an uphill task force for UPA.
The upcoming 2014 elections campaign will be an uphilling task for UPA.
Damian Lewis will also also play Henry VIII.
Damian Lewis, will also play Henry VIII.
Damian Marley Lewis, will play Henry VIII.
Damian Lewis, will also play Henry VIII.
Damian Lewis will also also play Henry VIII.
Thed Björk took home a last gasp pole position race win, from Richard Göransson.
Thed Björkman took a last - gasp for pole position away from Richard Göransson.
Thed Björkman took a second last gasp for pole position from teammate Richard Göransson.
Thedjani and Björk took a last gasp pole position win from Richard Göransson.
Thedjan Björk took a last gasp early pole position win from teammate Richard Göransson.
Home Alarming System - All Quotes in Beverly Hills County are available from safeandsecurealarm. com.
Home Alarm System Quotes in Beverly Hills Beverly Hills are available online and from safeandsecurealarm. com.
Home Alarm System Quotes in Beverly Hills County are available free and online from safeandsecurealarm. com.
Home Alarm System - Quotes in the Beverly Hills are available from within the safeandsecurealarm. com.
Home Alarm System Quotes in the Beverly Hills County are available freely online from safeandsecurealarm. com.
Chipotle has sued Mayor John Frank Ocean.
Chipotle has also sued Mayor Frank Ocean.
Chipotle has also sued Mayor Frank Ocean.
Chipotle County Council has sued Frank Ocean.
Chipotle has since also sued Frank Ocean.
A Lake Como area man was also arrested and charged with illegal illegal heroin possession.
A Lake Como man, was also arrested, and was charged with heroin possession.
A young Lake Como man, was arrested, and charged with illegal heroin possession.
A Lake - Como man was also arrested and later charged with illegal heroin possession.
A Lake Como area man was arrested, tortured and was charged with heroin possession.
We bring you the latest story on about ending the government shutdown.
We bring the latest news on ending the entire entire government shutdown.
We bring the latest on ending of all of the government shutdown.
We bring you the very latest on about ending the government shutdown.
We bring the latest news reports on you ending the government shutdown.
The Starlight Garden City bridge has reopened after being hit twice by hitting a barge.
The Starling City Ring Road bridge has reopened after being accidentally hit by a barge.
The former Starlight City bridge itself has reopened, after being hit by a barge.
The North Star City Road bridge itself has been reopened after being hit by a barge.
The nearby, former Star City bridge has reopened, after being hit by a barge.
The leader, Sheikh Raed Salah, was brought in for a full on - remand hearing.
The opposition leader, Sheikh Mohammed bin Raed Salah, was brought in for a remand hearing.
The leader, Sheikh Raed Salah, also, was not brought for by a remand hearing.
The leader, Sheikh Raed Salah, was was brought up for by a special remand hearing.
The leader, Abu Khalid Sheikh Raed bin Salah, was brought for by a remand hearing.
APC should also be fully convened immediately to conduct review of the situation in the wake of drone attack.
APC staff members also should be convened to further review the situation situation in the wake of drone attack.
APC should be regularly convened annually to further and review the situation in and the wake of drone attack.
APC should be properly convened to further review the security situation in the wake up of the drone attack.
APC should be convened annually to review the security and situation situation in the wake up of drone attack.
Michelle Obama will also deliver at the annual commencement address at Dillard University.
Michelle Obama will deliver the annual commencement address, held at Dillard University.
Michelle Obama will deliver at the commencement address held annually at Dillard University.
Michelle Michelle - Obama will also deliver the commencement address at Dillard University.
Michelle Obama will also deliver the annual presidential commencement address at Dillard University.
Andre Johnson then severed his penis, and then jumped off top of a building.
Andre Johnson severed his own penis and jumped himself up off top of a building.
Andre Johnson then accidentally severed off his penis and jumped himself off of a building.
Andres Johnson then severed his own penis and jumped himself off of a building.
Andre Johnson then severed his penis and jumped off top of in on a building.
State officials also will tour downtown Lawrence as a part of a Farm to School Day Celebration that focuses attention on the connecting farms.
State Farm Farm officials will tour Lawrence as part of creating a Farms to School Celebration that focuses their attention on connecting farms.
State officials will tour downtown Lawrence as part of creating a Farm to Market School Celebration that also focuses attention on the connecting farms.
State Farm officials will tour Lawrence as a part of a Farms to the School Celebration that also focuses on the connecting farms.
State Farm officials also will tour downtown of Lawrence as part of a Farm to School Day Celebration that also focuses on connecting farms.
George Zimmerman, who was taken into custody, in Florida.
George - Edward Zimmerman was taken into police custody in Florida.
George Zimmerman, was taken back up into custody in Florida.
George Edward Zimmerman was taken back back into custody in Florida.
George Zimmerman was taken back and back into custody in Florida.
A bear catcher was also captured somewhere in northeast Albuquerque.
A black bear was captured somewhere in rural northeast Albuquerque.
A black bear was also captured somewhere in northeast Albuquerque.
A black bear was also captured in far northeast Albuquerque.
A bear was also captured, in far northeast Albuquerque.
Fiorentina snatch a 4 3 2 2 draw away at Parma.
Fiorentina would then snatch a 2 2 draw away at Parma.
Fiorentina snatch a 3 2 - 2 away draw at Parma.
Fiorentina would snatch up a 2 2 away draw at Parma.
Fiorentina then snatched a 3 2 2 draw at Parma.
Romain de Bardet won the 2014 French language edition of Drôme Classic.
Romain Bardet won at least the 2014 edition, of Drôme Classic.
Romain - de Bardet won at the 2014 edition of Drôme Classic.
Romain de Bardet won the inaugural 2014 edition, of Drôme Classic.
Romain Bardet won the 2014 French edition edition edition of Drôme Classic.
A high school baseball star player became after he saved the opposing umpire's life, he died during a game.
A high - school baseball star the former player became famous after he saved the umpire's life during a game.
A former high - school baseball player became after he saved, the umpire's own life, during a game.
A high school baseball star player first became famous, after he saved the opposing umpire's life during a game.
A local high - school baseball star player became locally famous after he saved the umpire's life during a game.
The report ranks Illinois State 15th for outstanding student student loan debt.
The report ranks the Illinois Valley State 15th for student loan debt.
The report ranks Northern Central Illinois 15th nationally for student loan debt.
The report ranks Northern Illinois University 15th for student - loan debt.
The report ranks Illinois Valley State 15th for outstanding student loan debt.
Green space is also what really makes New Sheffield stand out.
Green green space is also what really makes Sheffield stand out.
Green open space here is what makes Sheffield Green stand out.
Green space around here is what makes New Sheffield stand out.
Green space is what makes New Sheffield Green also stand out.
ComEd became the joint second most liked search utility on Facebook.
ComEd became the most - - liked search utility on Facebook.
ComEd also became perhaps the most liked utility program on Facebook.
ComEdcast also became the most - liked utility on Facebook.
ComEd became the most liked utility app available online on Facebook.
A young man, who survived injuries after falling 1150 feet at Hawaii Volcanoes National Park, was rescued.
A young man, who had survived after falling 1150 feet at Hawaii Volcanoes National Historical Park was rescued.
A man who survived after accidentally falling 115 feet at the nearby Hawaii Volcanoes National Historical Park, was rescued.
A young man who survived injuries after falling 115 feet at Hawaii Volcanoes National National Marine Historical Park was rescued.
A man who had survived after falling 115 feet at near proximity to the Hawaii Volcanoes National Park was rescued.
Two unidentified and armed persons opened fire at a nearby hotel owner.
Two dozen other unidentified persons opened fire at a nearby hotel owner.
Two unidentified and armed persons opened fire at the a hotel owner.
Two other unidentified persons opened fire at a nearby nearby hotel owner.
Two unidentified persons opened fire, aimed at a nearby hotel owner.
The Solid Waste Management Authority has lifted 452 tonnes, of garbage, in just over two days.
The Solid Waste Management Authority has lifted over 452 tonnes, of garbage, in just two days.
The Solid Waste and Land Management has already lifted 452 tonnes, of garbage, in two days.
The Solid Waste Management has also lifted 452 tonnes worth of garbage, almost all in two days.
The Solid Waste Waste Management has lifted 452 tonnes of municipal waste garbage, in just two days.
Disneyland is also cutting 700 jobs.
Disneyland Paris is cutting 700 jobs.
Disney is also cutting off 700 jobs.
Disney is also considering cutting 700 jobs.
Disneyland Paris is cutting 700 jobs.
CME Group Inc. aims to start by negotiating for a aluminum futures market contract in May.
CME Group, Inc., which aims to start negotiating a aluminum futures contract in May.
CME Group Inc. aims to start negotiating for a new aluminum joint futures contract in May.
CME Group Inc. also aims to start a new aluminum joint venture futures contract in May.
CME Group Inc. aims instead to start a aluminum and futures trading contract beginning in May.
Benigno S. Aquino III also brings good news directly to the agricultural and industry stakeholders.
Benigno S. of Aquino III brings good economic news directly to the agricultural industry stakeholders.
Benigno S. of Aquino III brings the good news to agricultural workers and industry stakeholders.
Benigno Aquino S. of Aquino III brings good news directly to agricultural and industry stakeholders.
Benigno S. Aquino III also, brings good news to all the agricultural industry stakeholders.
RKK Mathur is scheduled again to visit to Russia next week.
RKK Mathur is scheduled to also visit Russia the next week.
RKK Mathur is scheduled again to visit Russia the next week.
RKK Mathur is scheduled again to visit Russia the next week.
RK Mathur team is also scheduled to visit to Russia next week.
House star Lisa Marie Edelstein is to lead in the new main cast of a new US daytime TV drama.
House star, Lisa Edelstein is set to lead in the new ensemble cast of a new US TV drama.
House star Lisa Edelstein is to lead the ensemble cast in outlining of a brand new US TV drama.
House star Lisa Edelstein is to lead in the cast instead instead of such a brand new US TV drama.
House star, Lisa Edelstein is set to lead in with the ensemble cast of a new US TV drama.
Mike and Huckabee visited nearby Fort Sill.
Mike and Huckabee visited the Fort Sill.
Mike Huckabee has also visited Fort Sill.
Mike Huckabee visited at the Fort Sill.
Mike and Huckabee visited nearby Fort Sill.
Why the gold prices here are rising now.
Why gold prices are only slowly rising now.
Why gold prices down here are rising now.
Why gold prices are only slowly rising now.
Why gold prices are not only rising now.
A new video platform - hopes to be better compete with both the YouTube and Vimeo.
A brand brand new video sharing platform - it hopes to compete with YouTube and Vimeo.
A brand new video platform - it hopes to compete directly with YouTube, and Vimeo.
A new social - video platform - - hopes to compete with YouTube, and Vimeo.
A new video platform emerged - it hopes to more successfully compete with YouTube and Vimeo.
Netflix and Comcast Satellite Communications Corp. have announced a mutually beneficial interconnection agreement.
Netflix and the Comcast Networks Corp. announced a mutually beneficial digital interconnection agreement.
Netflix Networks and Comcast Corp. announced a new, mutually beneficial interconnection agreement.
Netflix and Comcast Satellite Communications Corp. have announced a mutually beneficial interconnection agreement.
Netflix and Comcast Satellite Communications Corp. have announced a mutually beneficial interconnection agreement.
Mark Steven Mark Wahlberg has warned Justin Bieber.
Mark Steven Wahlberg has warned against Justin Bieber.
Mark Steven Wahlberg has warned against Justin Bieber.
Mark Wahlberg, also has warned Justin Bieber.
Mark - Steven Wahlberg has warned Justin Bieber.
Abbeylara and Mullinalaghta, will never meet again.
Abbeylara, and the Mullinalaghta will meet again.
Abbeylara and Mullinalaghta will probably never meet again.
Abbeylara and the Mullinalaghta, will meet again.
Abbeylara, and Mullinalaghta will never meet again.
Global oil firms that follow are about to drastically cut exploration spending.
Global oil exploration firms now are about ready to cut exploration spending.
Global oil firms, that are just about to cut exploration spending.
Global oil and exploration firms are about to cut their exploration spending.
Global oil exploration consulting firms are about to cut their exploration spending.
French truck - drivers may have blocked roads.
French and Renault truck drivers have blocked roads.
French truck - drivers may have blocked roads.
French truck - drivers have also blocked roads.
French Renault truck - drivers have blocked roads.
A very few Syrian troops retook the nearby Christian town of Maalula.
A few Syrian troops also retook back the Christian town of Maalula.
A Syrian troops had also retook the Christian fortified town of Maalula.
A Syrian army troops retook back the nearby Christian town of Maalula.
A Syrian troops also retook back the Christian town town of Maalula.
The return of displaced persons from northern Kosovo - the Metohija region - is not developing at all the expected pace.
The return rate of displaced persons from Kosovo Kosovo - Metohija region is not developing yet but at the expected pace.
The overall return rate rate of displaced persons from Kosovo - Metohija is still not developing at the same expected pace.
The current expected return of displaced persons returning from Kosovo - occupied Metohija is not developing at the current expected pace.
The expected return of displaced persons from Kosovo - Metohija region is still not developing, yet at the expected pace.
HIV infection rate in Ukraine has also been decreased by seven times.
HIV infection mortality rate recorded in Ukraine has been decreased seven times.
HIV infection prevalence rate recorded in Ukraine has been decreased seven times.
HIV infection prevalence rate in Ukraine, has decreased by seven times.
HIV infection prevalence rate, in Ukraine, has decreased seven times.
India's growth story is work is still well in progress and there is still a very long term way to go.
India's growth success - story is work in progress and there is still a very very long way way to go.
India's growth success story is work in rapid progress and there is still but surely still a long way to go.
India's growth success story is work is still in progress, and there is still a long term way to go.
India's growth story is work in rapid economic progress, " and there is still a long way way to go.
Monster Tajima is returning back home to Pikes Peak sometime in 2014.
Monster Tajimar 2 is returning to Pikes Peak Park in 2014.
Monster Tajima is currently returning home to Pikes Peak starting in 2014.
Monster Tajimar is returning to ride the Pikes Peak in 2014.
Monster Tajima is currently returning home to the Pikes Peak in 2014.
George Zimmerman, has also been later found not guilty.
George Edward Zimmerman has been later found not not guilty.
George Zimmerman has also been later found not not guilty.
George Edwarde Zimmerman, has been found not guilty.
George Edward Zimmerman has been also later found not guilty.
Two registered sex - offenders will also be seen getting released in October.
Two more new registered sex offenders will also be getting released in October.
Two registered sex offenders, who will be seen getting released in October.
Two registered sex - offenders who will be seen getting released in October.
Two registered sex offenders will also be seen getting released early in October.
Fiji has the largest deployment and capacity of troops in all the continental United Nations.
Fiji has the largest single deployment of troops currently in the Western Pacific United Nations.
Fiji currently has the largest deployment capacity of foreign troops in to the United Nations.
Fiji currently has arguably the largest deployment capacity of troops in the entire United Nations.
Fiji has had the largest single deployment of troops in the then current United Nations.
PJ Hairston will also now also begin his professional basketball coaching career with the Texas Legends of the NBA Developmental League.
PJ Hairston, III will also begin off his professional professional career with the Texas Legends of the NBA Developmental League.
PJ Hairston, will begin off his professional basketball coaching career with the North Texas Legends of the NBA Developmental League.
PJ Hairston, will begin his professional career with the North Texas Fighting Legends of the upcoming NBA Professional Developmental League.
PJ Hairston will begin kicking off his professional career with the Texas Legends of the NBA, Professional and Developmental League.
Jane and Uncle Orie will be released early on Sunday.
Jane Oriea, will be released later on Sunday.
Jane and Orie will also be released early on Sunday.
Jane and Orie will also also be released on Sunday.
Jane Orie films will be released twice annually on Sunday.
Kirsten Dunstan has signed up just prior to Midnight Special.
Kirsten Dunst has also recently signed her up to Midnight Special.
Kirsten Dunstan has signed her up to play Midnight Special.
Kirsten Van Dunst has also been signed up to Midnight Special.
Kirsten Van Dunst has signed up prior on to Midnight Special.
BioWare also revealed that the release date of its first game, Dragon Age.
BioWare also revealed the official 2017 release date of its game, Dragon Age.
BioWare revealed that the official release date of its game, was Dragon Age.
BioWare revealed that the release date of 2018 for its game, Dragon Age.
BioWare revealed the release date, as of its game, as Dragon Age.
Philip Seymour - Hoffman later died of drinking a toxic mix of drugs.
Philip Seymour Hoffman himself had died of a highly toxic mix of drugs.
Philip Seymour Hoffman died because of his drinking a toxic mix of drugs.
Philip Philip Philip Seymour Hoffman died because of a toxic mix of drugs.
Philip Seymour Hoffman died of drinking a toxic mixer full of drugs.
The search continues on for such a mysterious Baxter County man.
The search party continues, searching for a Baxter County man.
The police search continues for a missing young Baxter County man.
The police search then continues for a Baxters County man.
The search continues for such as a Baxters County man.
The proposed PNG LNG pipeline expansion project is understood to not be ahead of schedule.
The PNGE 2 - LNGE project is understood to be ahead of schedule.
The PNG LNG project schedule is generally understood as to not be ahead of schedule.
The proposed PNG LNG expansion project is generally understood as to be ahead of schedule.
The PNG - LNG project schedule is understood as having to be ahead of schedule.
The new Pope prayed before the tomb altarpiece of St. Francis.
The new new Pope prayed before the new tomb of St. Francis.
The Pope prayed before the marbled marble tomb of St. Francis.
The Pope prayed directly before visiting at the tomb of St. Francis.
The Pope prayed directly before the tomb chapels of St. Francis.
No direct deposit on payday, or falls on monday.
No direct - deposit or direct payday falls on monday.
No direct re - deposit or payday falls on monday.
No direct cash or deposit on payday falls on monday.
No other direct - deposit payday deposit falls on monday.
Panathinaikos technical director, Nikos Dabizas is then violently attacked by a large group of fans.
Panathinaikos technical assistant and director, Nikos Dabizas is then attacked by a group of fans.
Panathinaikos technical assistant director Nikos Dabizas is attacked violently by half a group consisting of fans.
Panathinaikos technical director Nikos Dabizaskis, is attacked by quite a large group of fans.
Panathinaikos technical assistant director Nikos Dabizaskis is then attacked by half a group of fans.
Auckland councillors also are making it an move to officially censure Len Brown.
Auckland councillors are now also making an move to officially censure Len Brown.
Auckland councillors also are making it an move to officially censure Len Brown.
Auckland councillors are also making an immediate move forward to censure Len Brown.
Auckland councillors are also making an move not to censure Mayor Len Brown.
The town municipal government of Anmoore owes an $ $ 250, 000 000 in unpaid taxes.
The town of Anmoore now owes an $ $ 250, 000 loss in unpaid unpaid taxes.
The town of Anmoore owes an estimated $ $ 250, 000 in unpaid unpaid unpaid taxes.
The town government department of Anmoore owes an $ estimated 250, 000 000 in unpaid taxes.
The town of Anmoore owes him an $ $ 250, 000 000 000 in unpaid taxes.
Ellen DeGeneres, is to also host of the Oscars for only a second time.
Ellen DeGeneres is to host the 2016 Academy of Oscars for a possible second time.
Ellen Ellen DeGeneres is to also host the 2016 Oscars ceremony for a second time.
Ellen : Ellen DeGeneres is to host Night of the Oscars for a second time.
Ellen DeGeneres is to also host the 2016 Oscars for only a possible second time.
V2CigsDeals. com, the only know - all online website finds out the cheapest ever vaporized cigarette brand.
V2CigsDeals.. com, where the know - all website finds out the second cheapest vaporized cigarette brand.
V2CigsDeals. com, the know - all website, finds out the second cheapest wood - vapor cigarette brand.
V2CigsDeals. com, where the know - all website finds - picks out the cheapest wood vapor cigarette brand.
V2CigsDeals. com, the UK - only know - all website finds - out the cheapest vapor cigarette brand.
African Americans may stand - out to benefit the most economically from Obamacare.
African Americans may stand to and benefit even the very most from Obamacare.
African Americans also may not stand to benefit even the most from Obamacare.
African Americans also may stand to and benefit the most economically from Obamacare.
African Americans may also stand to potentially benefit the most economically from Obamacare.
Tributes have been poured back in time for peerless broadcaster David Frost.
Tributes have also poured in especially for peerless broadcaster Sir David Frost.
Tributes have poured back in time for peerless broadcaster Sir David Frost.
Tributes have poured in for both the peerless broadcaster, David Frost.
Tributes have poured back in for peerless broadcaster, Sir David Frost.
Male reproductive fertility declines rapidly with age.
Male fertility rate declines rapidly with age.
Male fertility rate declines rapidly with age.
Male fertility declines more rapidly with age.
Male fertility growth rate declines with age.
Terrence Lee Edwards later announced his retirement.
Terrence Edwards announced this upon his retirement.
Terrence Lee Edwards announced upon his retirement.
Terrence Edwards announced this upon his retirement.
Terrence - Lee Edwards announced his retirement.
The Westernmost European Union has approved asset freezes, and imposed visa bans against Ukrainian officials.
The European Union has approved several asset freezes and several visa application bans issued against Ukrainian officials.
The European Union government has approved several asset freezes and visa application application bans against Ukrainian officials.
The European Union also has approved of several asset freezes and visa bans imposed against Ukrainian officials.
The Western European Union has approved asset freezes, and imposed visa application bans against Ukrainian officials.
Piolo Pascual also clearly wanted to quit showbiz.
Piolo Pascual wanted to never again quit showbiz.
Piolo Pascual also wanted to not quit showbiz.
Piolor Pascual wanted him to quit showbiz.
Piolo Pascual wanted him to not quit showbiz.
Personally Yours celebrates its anniversary year with such as a storewide sale.
Personally, Yours celebrates its 50th anniversary with such a storewide sale.
Personally Yours celebrates by celebrating its anniversary, with a storewide sale.
Personally, Yours celebrates its anniversary with a large, storewide sale.
Personally Yours celebrates its 50th year and anniversary with a storewide sale.
What happens to all the dead eagles.
What happens to all the dead eagles.
What happens is similar to dead eagles.
What happens is similar to dead eagles.
What happens to the two dead eagles.
The very first session, of Lower House of the Parliament started.
The first session of session of Lower House of the Parliament started.
The session of the Lower - House Committee of the Parliament started.
The first regular parliamentary session of Lower House of the Parliament started.
The session of Lower House Committee Number 1 of the Parliament started.
Billy Ray Cyrus says Miley Cyrus wanted him to make with her a special moment.
Billy Ray Cyrus also says that Miley Cyrus wanted to help make her special moment.
Billy - Ray Cyrus says Miley wanted him to make with her a special moment.
Billy Ray Cyrus says Miley Cyrus wanted to just make it her own special moment.
Billy Ray - Ray Cyrus says Miley wanted for him to make her special moment.
California Governor Jerry Brown Brown has also announced the approvals of new furniture and flammability standards.
California Governor, Jerry Brown Brown has also announced the approval of the new furniture flammability standards.
California Governor Jerry Brown also has announced the approval of all the new home furniture flammability standards.
California Lieutenant Governor Jerry Brown has announced the approval of new office and furniture design flammability standards.
California Governor Jerry Brown has announced both the approval of the new furniture and its flammability standards.
KINGSTON A town of Ulster " man was " also charged with possession " of crack cocaine.
KINGSTON : A town of Ulster man who was charged with possession of illegal Mexican crack cocaine.
KINGSTON A town west of Ulster man was charged with possession " illegally " of crack cocaine.
KINGSTON A town just west of Ulster man was also charged, with possession of crack cocaine.
KINGSTON : A small town of Ulster manhood was charged with the possession of crack cocaine.
Southwest Airlines dismissed even the captain.
Southwest Airlines then dismissed the captain.
Southwest Airlines then dismissed the captain.
Southwest Airlines dismissed even the captain.
Southwest dismissed as well the captain.
Two other survivors of a fatal fatal car crash may have been recently released from the hospital.
Two survivors of a near fatal car crash may have also also been released from the hospital.
Two survivors suspected of causing a near fatal car crash have since been released from the hospital.
Two survivors not previously suspected of such a fatal car crash have been released from the hospital.
Two survivors of such a fatal fatalist car crash have been recently released from the hospital.
His protest was declared indefinite and threatened to fill up and the street up with lakhs.
His own protest was declared indefinite and threatened him to fill the street up with lakhs.
His protest was indefinite and he threatened not to fill the street upmarket with lakhs.
His protest marches was indefinite and threatened to literally fill the entire street with lakhs.
His protest march was indefinite and threatened him to fill the street up front with lakhs.
Hyundai unveiled a new luxury compact crossover sports sedan called Xcent.
Hyundai unveiled a new compact sedan, now also called Xcent.
Hyundai unveiled a new compact luxury sports sedan, called Xcent.
Hyundai unveiled a brand new luxury compact crossover sedan called Xcent.
Hyundai unveiled a new compact sedan, now also called Xcent.
The property development sector is also not expected to be resilient.
The property sector The sector is expected not to be resilient.
The property development sector sector is expected to also be resilient.
The property sector sector is expected not only to be resilient.
The property development sector sector is expected also to be resilient.
Murder The trial of the Paralympian and Olympian, Oscar Pistorius continues.
Murder trial trial of Paralympian and Olympian Oscar de la Pistorius continues.
Murder trial of Paralympian athlete and Olympian Oscar López de Pistorius continues.
Murder The trial of Paralympian and Olympic Olympian Oscar de Pistorius continues.
Murder trial of Paralympian athlete and Olympian athlete Oscar de Pistorius continues.
Sevilla has agreed to also permanently sell goalkeeper Alvaro Negredo to Manchester City.
Sevilla has agreed to terms to sell goalkeeper Alvaro Negredo to Manchester City.
Sevilla has agreed to also sell Alvaro Negredonó to Manchester City.
Sevilla has also agreed to sell Alvaro de Negredos to Manchester City.
Sevilla FC has agreed to mutually sell Alvaro de Negredo to Manchester City.
The TABC News website has launched a free online sweepstake.
The TAB has launched as a brand new free online sweepstake.
The TABC has launched it as a free online sweepstake.
The then UK TABC has launched a free online sweepstake.
The TAB has also also recently launched a free online sweepstake.
The robotic robotics demonstration team will also give two presentations.
The robotics team will give both of the two presentations.
The robotics and engineering team members will give two presentations.
The robotics demonstration team will give both the two presentations.
The robotics team members will usually also give two presentations.
The Broncos also agreed to mutually negotiate terms with Aqib Talib.
The Broncos agreed immediately on to terms with coach Aqib Talib.
The Denver Broncos Broncos agreed to terms terms with Aqib Talib.
The Denver Broncos agreed not to negotiate terms with Aqib Talib.
The Broncos also agreed to contract terms with coach Aqib Talib.
The newest $ 100 bill goes right right back into circulation today.
The newest $ 100 bill still goes on into regular circulation today.
The newest $. 100 bill goes into almost regular circulation today.
The newest US $. 100 bill goes into regular circulation today.
The then very newest $. 100 bill goes into circulation today.
Ceres Corporation and Syngenta have renewed work on their joint market development agreement.
Ceres and Syngenta have also recently renewed their joint joint market development agreement.
Ceres and Syngenta have renewed on their joint joint - market development agreement.
Ceres and the Syngenta have renewed their joint market and technology development agreement.
Ceres and Syngenta Technologies Ltd have also renewed their joint market development agreement.
Nokia Corporation and the HTC have since then ended their patent war with a agreement.
Nokia and HTC One Mobile have ended with their patent warring with a agreement.
Nokia and HTC have ended off their patent - warring with such a agreement.
Nokia Siemens Corporation and HTC have since ended their own patent war with a agreement.
Nokia and the US company HTC have ended their patent - war with a agreement.
A Milwaukee area mom had scolded her daughter.
A young Milwaukee area mom scolded her daughter.
A Milwaukee area soccer mom scolded her daughter.
A young white Milwaukee mom scolded her daughter.
A Milwaukee area mom had scolded her daughter.
Ruth Lorenzos will represent the Spain in the Eurovision Eurovision Song Contest.
Ruth and Lorenzo will represent Spain again in the Eurovision International Song Contest.
Ruth Lorenzo will also represent the Spain again in the Eurovision Song Contest.
Ruth Lorenzo will represent the Spain again in the 2018 Eurovision Song Contest.
Ruth Lorenzo will also represent Spain in the 2018 Junior Eurovision Song Contest.
The Israeli envoy urged to not only boycott products from Israeli colonies.
The new Israeli envoy urged to boycott products from the Israeli colonies.
The envoy urged Israel to not only boycott products from Israeli colonies.
The envoy urged Israel to not boycott products imported from Israeli colonies.
The envoy also was urged to boycott products from the Israeli colonies.
Carmelo Anthonyo has urged to it be made more consistent.
Carmelo - Anthonyo has urged to be much more consistent.
Carmelo - Anthony Anthony has been urged to be more consistent.
Carmelo Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony has urged to be more consistent.
Carmelo - Anthony has been urged to be much more consistent.
SIG is to also join with the BMF.
SIG is planning to join with the BMF.
SIG is to join with only the BMF.
SIGA is preparing to join the BMF.
SIGA is to also join the BMF.
CenturyLink International Airlines, and its union agreed agreed to a contract.
CenturyLink Airlines, and its union agreed agreed to sign a contract.
CenturyLink and its credit union agreed and agreed to sign a contract.
CenturyLink and its affiliated credit union agreed agreed terms to a contract.
CenturyLink Corporation and its credit union agreed agreed to sign a contract.
Jonathan de Herrera, will sign with both the Red Sox.
Jonathan de Herrera currently will not sign with the Red Sox.
Jonathan Herrera, player who will sign with the Red Sox.
Jonathan Herrera will sign with the expansion Boston Junior Red Sox.
Jonathan Herrera will sign on with the expansion Boston Red Sox.
Brent crudes rose steadily towards $ 108.
Brentwood crude oil rose towards $ 108.
Brent crude rose steadily, towards $ 108.
Brentwood crude rose up towards $ 108.
Brent crude rose towards about US $ 108.
Children should also be regularly taught theatre etiquette.
Children should also be taught about theatre etiquette.
Children should be also regularly taught theatre etiquette.
Children also should be taught about theatre etiquette.
Children also should be also taught theatre etiquette.
After splitting from singer Liam Hemsworth, Miley Cyrus Cyrus sent his clothes collection off to a local thrift shop.
After Cyrus officially splitting from singer Liam Hemsworth, singer Miley Cyrus reportedly sent his clothes to a thrift shop.
After officially splitting from Liam and Hemsworth, singer Miley Cyrus sent his brand new clothes to a thrift shop.
After splitting from both Liam Gallagher and Hemsworth, Miley Cyrus sent off all his clothes to a thrift shop.
After splitting from Liam Hemsworth, Miley Cyrus sent his new designer clothes right off him to a thrift shop.
Oxford USA also opens new foreign investment opportunities to the US.
Oxford USA opens investment opportunities closer to outside of the US.
Oxford University USA opens new investment opportunities open to the US.
Oxford USA has also opens investment opportunities directly to the US.
Oxford USA opens new investment banking opportunities directly to the US.
Wayne Rooney, has been also officially included twice in the England squad for the two qualifiers.
Wayne - Rooney also has been included twice in both the England squad for the two qualifiers.
Wayne Rooney, has been also included in the England squad squad for both the two qualifiers.
Wayne - Rooney has been included once again in the England A squad for the two qualifiers.
Wayne - Rooney has also been included in the England squad squad for both the two qualifiers.
Arduino Mobile is also getting a Bluetooth enabled Smart dev kit.
Arduino is getting out a new Bluetooth Smart - dev kit.
Arduino also is getting out a new Bluetooth Smart dev kit.
Arduino is also now getting a Bluetooth based Smart dev kit.
Arduino is getting a new Bluetooth Smart Hi - dev kit.
Tedo Cruz released only his birth certificate.
Tedo - Cruz released his birth certificate.
Ted Cruz later released off his birth certificate.
Ted Cruz released him from his birth certificate.
Ted Cruz released his very own birth certificate.
Juventus became the team to not only be sanctioned for its anti - Naples chanting.
Juventus became the very first team to be sanctioned internationally for anti - Naples chanting.
Juventus FC also became the team to be sanctioned for its anti - Naples chanting.
Juventus also became the team to be sanctioned for its anti anti - Naples chanting.
Juventus also became the team to be sanctioned for its anti - fascist Naples chanting.
A maniac flew by with explosives hidden in a shoe.
A man flew with explosives wrapped up in only a shoe.
A man who flew with his explosives in only a shoe.
A young black man flew by with explosives in a shoe.
A young black man flew with explosives wrapped in a shoe.
The Tigers rallied back to take the edge Goshen 6.
The Tigers then rallied back enough to edge Goshen 6.
The Tigers then quickly rallied to edge out Goshen 6.
The Tigers then rallied back to narrowly edge Goshen 6.
The Tigers rallied back enough to narrowly edge Goshen 6.
25 Eight Afghani army personnel have been either killed outright or in bomb attacks.
25 May Eight Afghani Pakistani Army army personnel have been killed in bomb attacks.
25 Eight Afghan army security personnel have also reportedly been killed, in bomb attacks.
25 Eight Afghan army security personnel have also been killed in the suicide bomb attacks.
25 May Eight Afghani army personnel have been killed, in suicide bomb attacks.
Peoples River Valley Bancorp has agreed to buy North Central Akron Savings Savings Bank in Ohio.
Peoples Bancorp has agreed terms to buy North Central Bank and Akron Savings Bank in Ohio.
Peoples River Valley Bancorp has agreed to buy North Akron Community Savings Bank based in Ohio.
Peoples Bancorp has agreed to buy out the bankrupt North Akron Savings Bank based in Ohio.
Peoples Bancorp has agreed terms to buy the North Akron Savings Bank, based in Ohio.
Keri Russell, and her husband, Shane Deary have separated.
Keri Russell, actress and husband Shane Van Deary have separated.
Keri, Russell, and husband Shane Deary, have separated.
Keri Russell and her second husband Shane Deary, have separated.
Keri, son Russell, and husband Shane Deary have separated.
Vodafone Australia has also switched on to its own LTE network in Tasmania.
Vodafone Australia has switched on cable access to its LTE network in Tasmania.
Vodafone Australia has also successfully switched on its own LTE network in Tasmania.
Vodafone in Western Australia has switched on its LTE network only in Tasmania.
Vodafone Australia Limited has recently also switched on its LTE network in Tasmania.
Millennial Media announced the launch and date of its first mobile ad exchange.
Millennial Media Group announced the 2016 launch of its mobile - ad exchange.
Millennials Digital Media announced the official launch of its mobile ad exchange.
Millennial Media Group announced the launch date of its first mobile ad exchange.
Millennial Media announced the 1 January 2016 launch of its mobile ad exchange.
Rubber prices were being closed higher.
Rubber - prices were closed higher.
Rubber - prices were closed higher.
Rubber prices were being closed higher.
Rubber - prices are closed higher.
Samsung launched with Samsung a new smart watch.
Samsung launched with a new digital smart watch.
Samsung launched with a brand new smart watch.
Samsung launched it with a new smart watch.
Samsung launched with a brand new smart watch.
LongHorn Steakhouse was opened to accommodate a healthy - lunch crowd.
LongHorne Steakhouse opened to a healthy pre - lunch crowd.
LongHorne Steakhouse opened to a large healthy - lunch crowd.
LongHorne Steakhouse opened to a healthy - looking lunch crowd.
LongHorne Park Steakhouse opened to accommodate a healthy lunch crowd.
The first event, Toy Fair London 2014, was opened in London.
The event, Toys World Fair 2014, opened up in London.
The event, Toy Fair 2014, was also officially opened in London.
The event, called Toys Fair 2014, opened up in London.
The event, Toy Fair 2014, was also opened up in London.
Volunteers who are also needed to help judge a speech and debate contest.
Volunteers also are needed to judge in a speechwriting and debate contest.
Volunteers who also are needed to judge in a speech and debate contest.
Volunteers who are also needed to judge a free speech and debate contest.
Volunteers also are needed annually to judge a speech and a debate contest.
Lloyds Banking Group reported on such a possible return to profit.
Lloyds'Banking Services Group also reported a return to profit.
Lloyds'Banking Group reported on a return rate to profit.
Lloyds'Banking Group also reported a return rate to profit.
Lloyds Banking Services Group reported a very poor return to profit.
The Milwaukee - County Board of County Supervisors voted to raise half the state minimum wage.
The new Milwaukee County School Board of Supervisors also voted to raise the state minimum wage.
The Republican controlled Milwaukee County Boards of Supervisors voted unanimously to raise the minimum wage.
The 2010 Milwaukee County Board of County Supervisors voted to raise the Wisconsin state minimum wage.
The Republican Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors unanimously voted unanimously not to raise the minimum wage.
Apple Inc., has acquired social media search and analytics startup Topsy.
Apple Inc has acquired social media search engine and analytics from startup Topsy.
Apple Inc. has acquired social search and data - analytics startup Topsy.
Apple, Inc Inc has acquired social media search and analytics startup Topsy.
Apple Inc has also acquired social search technology and analytics from startup Topsy.
Mickey Rooney himself has died, at the age 93.
Mickey Wayne - Rooney has died at the age 93.
Mickey Rooney himself, has since died at age 93.
Mickey Mickey Rooney himself has died at the age 93.
Mickey Rooney has died in there at the age 93.
Earthquakes'defender Clarence Lee Goodson has been also twice called to the national team.
Earthquakes'defender Clarence Goodson has also been called up to the Canadian national team.
Earthquakes'defender Clarence Michael Goodson has been called to represent on the national team.
Earthquakes'defender Clarence Goodson, has also been called to represent the national team.
Earthquakes defender, Clarence Goodson has been called to represent on the Canadian national team.
Kimi and Zolciak has given birth twice to twins.
Kim Zolciak has also given giving birth twice to twins.
Kim and Zolciakka has given birth twice to twins.
Kimi and Zolciak has given birth twice to twins.
Kim Zolciak, woman who has given birth to twins.
A young Memphis man who has pleaded guilty to the stealing is almost $ 400, 000, officials said.
A young Memphis man who has pleaded guilty to allegedly allegedly stealing almost $ 400, 000, officials said.
A very young West Memphis man has pleaded guilty to stealing almost $ 400, 000, city officials said.
A Memphis man has since pleaded guilty, to stealing almost $ 400, 000, 000, officials said.
A Memphis man has pleaded not guilty to allegedly stealing money of almost $ 400, 000, officials said.
Mauricio Macri took saying governments must not always fully understand about the role they play.
Mauricio Macri took saying governments must understand about for themselves the important role they play.
Mauricio Macri also took to saying governments must understand about themselves the role they play.
Mauricio de'Macri took saying governments " " must understand the role they play.
Mauricio Macri took saying governments must understand more about the role models that they play.
The BJP has done justice also especially to Telangana region and Seemandhra region.
The BJP has done all its justice also to Telangana and Seemandhra region.
The BJP has done its justice also to Telangana region and Seemandhra region.
The BJP government has done justice to Telangana and to the Seemandhra region.
The BJP has done great justice to Telangana region and the Seemandhra region.
The whole second day belongs exclusively to the Sri Lanka managed.
The second day belongs exclusively to Sri Lanka - Lanka managed.
The second feast - day day belongs to Sri Lanka managed.
The second day, it belongs exclusively to Sri Lanka managed.
The traditional second feast day belongs to Sri - Lanka managed.
A mother friend and daughter are also preparing to go take in a large charity walk.
A mother and daughter couple are then shown preparing themselves to take in a charity walk.
A young mother friend and daughter are preparing to take part in such a charity walk.
A young mother and daughter are preparing for day themselves to take in a charity walk.
A mother and daughter are preparing themselves to go take part in a large charity walk.
The American instrumental jazz fusion ensemble PROJECT Trio will perform.
The Canadian classical instrumental ensemble The PROJECT Trio will perform.
The American instrumental jazz ensemble PROJECT Trios will perform.
The instrumental jazz ensemble The PROJECT Jazz Trio will perform.
The American instrumental jazz fusion ensemble PROJECT Trio will perform.
The teen - girl was charged with rape.
The same young teen was charged with rape.
The young teen was charged twice with rape.
The teen was charged, twice with rape.
The young teen was later charged with rape.
University City is currently installing as a temporary roundabout project on the end of the already existing Delmar Loop.
University City is installing only just a temporary roundabout on the end point south of to the Delmar Loop.
University - City Transit Authority is also installing a temporary roundabout on to the end of the Delmar Loop.
University City is installing a temporary bus roundabout on the north end portion of the existing Downtown Delmar Loop.
University City is currently also installing set up a temporary roundabout on the end of the existing Delmar Loop.
Telegration hosted its first ever sales strategy seminar.
Telegration also hosted its sales and strategy seminar.
Telegration also hosted its sales and strategy seminar.
Telegration also hosted in its sales strategy seminar.
Telegration hosted at its sales and strategy seminar.
Sid Caesar never died ; and he himself was 91.
Sidon : Julius Caesar died ; he was 91.
Sid Caesar died young ;, and he was 91.
Sidon dies : Caesar died ; he was 91.
Sid Caesar died young shortly thereafter ; he was 91.
Sunderland striker Connors Wickhams has shown - off a new tattoo.
Sunderland striker Connors Wickham has also shown off a brand new tattoo.
Sunderland striker, Connors Wickham has shown off with a new tattoo.
Sunderland striker, Connors Wickham has shown - off a new tattoo.
Sunderland striker Connors Wickham has shown - off a brand new tattoo.
Mamata Banerjee paid many tributes to Mother Teresa, on her own, 103rd birth anniversary.
Mamata Banerjee paid tributes annually, including to Queen Mother Teresa on her 103rd birth anniversary.
Mamata Banerjee paid many tributes to Mother Mother Teresa on celebrating her own 103rd birth anniversary.
Mamata Banerjee paid tributes almost annually, to Mother Teresa on her own 103rd birth anniversary.
Mamata Devi Banerjee paid tributes to the Queen Mother Mother Teresa on her 103rd birth anniversary.
Priyanka says that Chopra doesn't lead to a healthy lifestyle.
Priyanka Chopra doesn't lead to a very completely healthy lifestyle.
Priyanka says that Chopra doesn't lead a very healthy lifestyle.
Priyanka says Chopra doesn't always lead a very healthy lifestyle.
Priyanka Chopra doesn't lead to a completely, healthy lifestyle.
Oscar nominee Mohamed Barkhad'Abdi'is reportedly broke.
Oscar nominee, Barkhad'Abdi, is reportedly broke.
Oscar nominee, Barkhad Abdi is also also reportedly broke.
Oscar nominee, Barkhad Abdiyehi is reportedly broke.
Oscar - winning Oscar nominee Barkhad Abdi is reportedly broke.
Actor, Harold Ramis, who also has died.
Actor, actor, Harold Ramis, has died.
Actor, Harold Lee Ramis, also has died.
Actor, Harold Ramis, also, has died.
Actor, Harold Lee Ramis, also has died.
ARM has now also made an encouraging start up to 2014.
ARM has also made an extremely encouraging new start to 2014.
ARM has made it an extremely encouraging from start to 2014.
ARM has made it an encouraging new start up to 2014.
ARM has made it an encouraging financial start up to 2014.
Lake Sammamish is to eventually earn it a new federal designation.
Lake Sammamish is yet yet to earn it a federal designation.
Lake Sammamish Dam is to also eventually earn a federal designation.
Lake Sammamish is expected to earn it a new federal designation.
Lake of Sammamish is to later also earn a federal designation.
Proximo, Inc has also selected The Kirkwood Group to represent the Jose Cuervo Chocolate brand in Canada.
Proximo, Inc has selected The Kirkwood Group brand to officially represent Jose Cuervo Chocolate brand in Canada.
Proximo, has selected by 2015 The Kirkwood Group to represent Jose Cuervo - brand brand in Canada.
Proximo, has selected The Kirkwood Music Group, to represent Jose Luis Cuervo Music brand in Canada.
Proximo, has selected from The John Kirkwood Group brand to best represent Jose Cuervo brand in Canada.
Syrian - Arab refugees struggle to survive in the cold weather.
Syrian refugees will also still struggle to survive the cold weather.
Syrian Muslim refugees struggle to help survive the extreme cold weather.
Syrian Arab refugees struggle hard to survive in the cold weather.
Syrian Arab refugees struggle hard to survive the extreme cold weather.
Sierra Leone and the Nigeria also will sign a brand new trade deal.
Sierra Leone and Nigeria will sign on to a brand new trade deal.
Sierra Leone, and Nigeria will sign a brand - new trade deal.
Sierra Leone and Nigeria will sign him in a new free trade deal.
Sierra - Leone Leone and Nigeria will sign on a new trade deal.
An Indian couple in the US, has also recently been arrested on charges of killing husband's girlfriend ex ex - wife.
An East Indian couple in the Western US, has also been arrested on charges of killing husband's ex ex - wife.
An Indian couple in the US, has been arrested, twice, on charges of killing husband's ex ex - wife.
An Indian couple in northern the US has also been arrested on charges alleged of allegedly killing husband's ex ex - wife.
An Indian couple in the western US, she has been arrested on the charges of killing their husband's ex - wife.
The pharmaceutical industry developed elsewhere in Ghana was capable only of producing adequate anti - retroviral drugs.
The industry that developed in Ghana was capable of producing adequate quality antibody - retroviral drugs.
The industry in Ghana was capable only of ever producing such an adequate anti - retroviral drugs.
The industry in Ghana was capable not only, of rapidly producing adequate anti - retroviral drugs.
The industry in Ghana, was capable of producing an economically - adequate anti - retroviral drugs.
The Australian Tennis Open will also increase its total total prize money pay to the bring to $ 31 million.
The Australian Open tournament will increase on its total total prize money pay to bring to A $ 31 million.
The Australian Open will increase on which its prize money will pay to and bring to $ US 31 million.
The Australian Tennis Open will increase its prize money and pay players to bring it up to $ 31 million.
The Australian National Table Tennis Open will increase its prize money payout to bring to $ $ 31 million.
Minnesota Golden Gophers'quarterback Philipe Nelson announced later that he's decided to transfer.
Minnesota Golden Gophers quarterback Philipk Nelson has announced he's decidedly not to transfer.
Minnesota Golden Gophers'quarterback Philip Nelson, has announced he's recently decided to transfer.
Minnesota Golden Gophers quarterback Philipe Nelson has announced that he's recently decided to transfer.
Minnesota Golden Gophers quarterback, Philip Nelson has announced he's recently decided not to transfer.
Wholesale inventories also fell short for a second - straight month.
Wholesale and inventories fell for almost a second - straight month.
Wholesale inventories also fell for a second third - straight month.
Wholesale inventories also also fell for a record second straight month.
Wholesale inventories fell silent for almost a record second straight month.
Aberdeen have been completed, with the signing under 21 Adam Wayne Rooney from Oldham Athletic.
Aberdeen have also completed the signing under 21 goalkeeper Adam Lee Rooney from rivals Oldham Athletic.
Aberdeen have completed with the signing under - 21 goalkeeper, Adam Rooney from Oldham Athletic.
Aberdeen have completed the successful loan signing of under 21 Adam Rooney, from Oldham Athletic.
Aberdeen have also completed the signing under - - 21 international Adam Rooney from Oldham Athletic.
Fujifilm has been the most consistently named among the top innovators of 2013.
Fujifilm Corporation has been named as among the top ten innovators of 2013.
Fujifilm has also been named among the top - ten innovators of 2013.
Fujifilm Corporation has also been named as among the top innovators of 2013.
Fujifilm Corporation has been named as among the top ten innovators of 2013.
Twitter Inc. surged in making its global online trading debut.
Twitter, Inc. surged very rapidly in its trading debut.
Twitter, Twitter Inc., surged in its trading debut.
Twitter, Inc., surged in making its trading debut.
Twitter Inc. has also surged rapidly in its trading debut.
5N Plus, Inc., has appointed as chief operating officer.
5Night Plus Inc has appointed as its first chief operating officer.
5Night Plus, Inc has appointed as its chief operating officer.
5N Plus Inc has appointed as its chief and chief operating officer.
5N Plus, Inc. has been appointed as chief operating officer.
They both really were totally smitten.
They were both so totally smitten.
They were both so totally smitten.
They both were so totally smitten.
They were both so totally smitten.
The English phrase means nobody ever gets sick.
The English phrase nobody else ever gets sick.
The old English phrase nobody ever gets sick.
The same phrase nobody ever does gets sick.
The phrase nobody else ever says gets sick.
Mikey Huckabee will not endorse Mitch McConnell.
Mike Huckabee will also not endorse Mitch McConnell.
Mikey Huckabee III will endorse Mitch McConnell.
Mike Huckabee will endorse Republican nominee Mitch McConnell.
Mike Huckabee, III will endorse Mitch McConnell.
Lexien Thompson won the 2016 Lorena Ochoa Invitational.
Lexi Thompson won at both the Lorena and Ochoa Invitational.
Lexi Thompson also recently won the 2010 Lorena Ochoa Invitational.
Lexie Thompson won at the 2011 Lorena Ochoa Invitational.
Lexi Thompson won at least both the Lorena Ochoa Invitational.
Two, with teammates Jahlil Okafor and John Tyus Jones, committed to Duke.
Two, along with teammates Jahlil Okafor and Tyus Jones, committed to Duke.
Two, Jahlil, and Okafor and Tyus Jones, were committed to Duke.
Two, Jahlil, John Okafor, and Tyus Jones, committed to Duke.
Two, with Jahlil Okafor and John Tyus - Jones, committed to Duke.
A Beresford insurance agency and agency also has expanded to Sioux Falls.
A Beresford County Life insurance agency has also expanded to Sioux Falls.
A new Beresford Life insurance agency has expanded operations to Sioux Falls.
A Beresford insurance agency also has expanded its operations to Sioux Falls.
A Beresford insurance agency has expanded operations northward to include Sioux Falls.
Britain has suspended bilateral and military military cos - operation with Russia.
Britain has suspended bilateral military co - - operation and talks with Russia.
Britain has also suspended bilateral military co - - operation operation with Russia.
Britain has suspended all its bilateral military co - operation operation with Russia.
Britain also has suspended bilateral diplomatic and military co - operation with Russia.
MOUNTAINEER : Sir Alan Hinkes used to abseil me down a North - South East town hall.
MOUNTAINEER Alan Hinkes used to come abseil me from down a North - South East town hall.
MOUNTAINEERY : Alan Hinkes, used to abseil down a North South - East town hall.
MOUNTAINEER Alan Hinkes had been used once to abseil down a North Street - East town hall.
MOUNTAINEER Alan Hinkes had used to go abseiling down to a North - East town hall.
British Airways is to later also add an additional weekday flight with service to Jersey.
British Airways is planning to add up to an additional weekday scheduled flight to Jersey.
British Airways is planning again, to add an additional regular weekday flight to Jersey.
British Airways is to add this up to an additional scheduled weekday flight to Jersey.
British Airways is to also add an additional regularly scheduled weekday flight service to Jersey.
A fertility clinic project has added a new Spokane River Valley office.
A fertility clinic clinic has recently added a Spokane River Valley office.
A fertility clinic has added a new Spokane and River Valley office.
A new fertility clinic project has added in a Spokane Valley office.
A new fertility clinic has added to it a Spokane Valley office.
Justin Bieberman is not being ever formally formally charged for spitting on his neighbor.
Justin - Bieber is not being " charged for spitting on " " his neighbor.
Justin Biebermann, who is not being charged for spitting on his neighbor.
Justin Bieber is not " currently being charged for spitting on " by his neighbor.
Justin Bieber is also not currently being charged again for allegedly spitting on his neighbor.
The government bond bonds eased, tracking down the much stronger rupee.
The government bonds eased, and people started tracking the stronger rupee.
The government bonds had been eased, tracking the much stronger rupee.
The new government bonds eased, people tracking down the stronger rupee.
The government - bonds eased, people tracking down the stronger rupee.
Lamarr Odom ditched rehab, after working only one day.
Lamar Odom ditched rehab after only working only for one day.
Lamar and Odoms had ditched rehab after only one day.
Lamarr Odom ditched rehab after only working for one day.
Lamar Odom ditched for rehab after spending only about one day.
The Gujarat State Technological University Board was forced not to conduct a examination.
The Gujarat State Technological University Board was forced to conduct such a examination.
The Gujarat State Technological University, was also forced to conduct a examination.
The Gujarat State Technological University Board was forced to not conduct a examination.
The Gujarat State Technological University Board was forced not to conduct a examination.
Three businesses were also cited for selling alcohol during not passing a drug compliance check.
Three businesses were cited for selling their alcohol products illegally during performing a compliance check.
Three local alcohol businesses, also were cited for selling alcohol during a compliance check.
Three businesses were cited specifically for allegedly not actually selling alcohol during a compliance check.
Three local businesses were also cited for selling alcohol during passing a federal compliance check.
US Bank Financial Services Group has redrafted its overdraft policies.
US World Economic Bank has also redrafted its overdraft policies.
US World Bank also has redrafted all its overdraft policies.
US Bank Group has also recently redrafted its overdraft policies.
US World Bank has also redrafted all its overdraft policies.
IKEA recalled millions worth of canopies made for cribs, and children's beds.
IKEA recalled millions of canopies designed for baby cribs and even children's beds.
IKEA recalled millions of empty canopies for the baby cribs and children's beds.
IKEA also has since recalled millions of canopies for cribs and children's beds.
IKEA recalled millions of canopies made specifically for cribs and even children's beds.
Pakistan has also decided to release the Taliban leader Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar.
Pakistan has decided to not release Taliban leader Mullah Abdul - Ghani Baradar.
Pakistan has decided to release Taliban Mullah Omar Abdul al - Ghani Baradar.
Pakistan government has decided to not release Taliban leader Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar.
Pakistan has also recently decided to release Taliban Mullah Omar Abdul Ghani Baradar.
Zero period has been started up again in all the schools to create an awareness among all of the students about dengue fever.
Zero period has also recently been started in the local high schools to create awareness among the students concerned about the dengue fever.
Zero period has been started in all the schools to create an awareness campaign among the students concerned about fighting the dengue fever.
Zero - period program has been started up in the schools to help create awareness among the students about the deadly dengue fever.
Zero period education has been recently started in the schools to help create an awareness among the students concerned about the dengue fever.
TWO, top Renault officials also visited Bahrain.
TWO, top Renault F1 officials visited Bahrain.
TWO top Renault and F1 officials visited Bahrain.
TWO top 10 Renault F1 officials visited Bahrain.
TWO, top Renault officials also visited Bahrain.
Simon Cowell who is now also still dating Lauren Silverman.
Simon Simon Cowell is currently still dating actress Lauren Silverman.
Simon Cowell is still currently secretly dating actress Lauren Silverman.
Simon Simon Cowell is also currently still dating Lauren Silverman.
Simon Cowell is still secretly secretly considering dating Lauren Silverman.
Oxford : 50 - years ago the classic Mini Cooper car has won the annual Monte Carlo Rally for the very first time.
Oxford : Over 50 years ago the classic Mini Cooper won the annual Monte - Carlo Rally for the very very first time.
Oxford : Over 50 thousand years ago the classic Mini Cooper won the Monte - Carlo Rally Championship for the very first time.
Oxford : 50 - years ago, the classic red Ford Mini Cooper won the Monte Carlo Rally for perhaps the first time.
Oxford : 50 years ago the classic Mini Cooper won the annual Monte Monte - Carlo Junior World Rally for the first time.
HTC One version with a dual - boot OS could also be considered a possibility.
HTC One Linux with only a dual bootable Linux OS could be a possibility.
HTC One with such a new dual bootable OS could be considered a possibility.
HTC One compatibility with a dual - boot OS port could also be a possibility.
HTC One with a dual bootable OS port could also be considered a possibility.
Ferrari then dealt Fernando Alonso a rebuke, delivered on his birthday.
Ferrari had also dealt Fernando Alonso a rebuke on celebrating his birthday.
Ferrari also dealt Fernando Alonso with a mild rebuke on his birthday.
Ferrari had also dealt Fernando Alonso with a rebuke on his birthday.
Ferrari dealt with Fernando and Alonso a rebuke later on his birthday.
The North Union Blue boys wrapped up with the 2010 regular season.
The North Carolina Union boys wrapped - up the 2013 regular season.
The North Carolina Union boys wrapped up with winning the regular season.
The North Union boys wrapped - up up the 2008 regular season.
The North Union boys wrapped - up up the 2008 regular season.
The President says Ireland, and Great Britain now has the opportunity to advance in our ambitions.
The President says Ireland and Britain has had the opportunity... to further advance in our ambitions.
The President says that Ireland, and Great Britain has had the opportunity to advance our ambitions.
The President says Ireland, and Great Britain, has the best opportunity to advance our ambitions.
The President also says Ireland, France and Britain has the opportunity to further advance our ambitions.
There is also insufficient evidence to merit an inquiry for crossing the River North Wrekin, Mark Pritchard.
There is insufficient available physical evidences to merit an inquiry for the Chief Wrekin, Mark Pritchard.
There is insufficient contemporary documentary evidence to possibly merit an inquiry for crossing the Wrekin, Mark Pritchard.
There is insufficient evidence to merit such as an inquiry for the former South Wrekin, Mark Pritchard.
There is insufficient evidences to merit an inquiry for crossing the River Wrekin, says Mark Pritchard.
The 5 - to 7 ADAKIK soldiers had assumed responsibilities in Turkey.
The 5KG - 7 ADAK soldiers had also assumed responsibilities in Turkey.
The remaining remaining 5 - 7 ADA soldiers also previously had assumed responsibilities in Turkey.
The 5 - 7 - inch ADA soldiers had assumed all their responsibilities in Turkey.
The 5G - and 7 ADA soldiers - had also assumed responsibilities in Turkey.
Taiwan fish stocks rose.
Taiwan fish stocks rose.
Taiwan fish stocks rose.
Taiwan fish stocks rose.
Taiwan fish stocks rose.
Open enrollment programs for High School Choice began.
Open - enrollment programs for School Choice began.
Open enrollment for the High School Choice began.
Open enrollment education programs for School Choice began.
Open school enrollment for School of Choice began.
European market shares edged it up, consolidating gains.
European shares edged up, not without consolidating gains.
European shares were edged up, thus consolidating gains.
European shares were edged back up, consolidating gains.
European shares prices were edged up, consolidating gains.
Undercover officers had informal, authority to not openly openly embark on sexual relationships.
Undercover officers had an, informal, legal authority to embark on sexual relationships.
Undercover police officers had informal, authority to openly openly embark on sexual relationships.
Undercover officers had informal, but legal, authority to embark on sexual relationships.
Undercover officers had informal, authority to embark more than openly on sexual relationships.
Alex Sinkman opened up her campaign office here in Clearwater.
Alexa Sink opened her campaign - finance office in Clearwater.
Alexa Van Sink opened her campaign office here in Clearwater.
Alex Sink opened up her own political campaign office in Clearwater.
Alex Sinkman opened her very own campaign office in Clearwater.
Harish Chandra Singh Rawat has distributed portfolios.
Harish Singh Rawat also has distributed portfolios.
Harish Rawat also currently has distributed portfolios.
Harish Singh Rawat has widely distributed portfolios.
Harish Singh Rawat also has distributed portfolios.
The senate also has passed a bill that would help to keep the state flood insurance affordable.
The state senate has passed a bill that would help to keep flood re - insurance affordable.
The senate has also passed on a bond bill that would help keep flood - insurance affordable.
The senate has passed on a bill that it would help municipalities to keep flood insurance affordable.
The senate also has passed a bill that would help keep the state flood - insurance affordable.
Boys hockey team has gone down from full strength to strength.
Boys hockey has gone down from being full strength to strength.
Boys'hockey has now gone from strength, to strength.
Boys hockey has now also gone from strength back to strength.
Boys'hockey has gone straight from strength, to strength.
Twitter has since also acquired Gnip.
Twitter has since also acquired Gnip.
Twitter has also recently acquired Gnip.
Twitter has also recently acquired Gnip.
Twitter Group has also acquired Gnip.
Advani is very confident to easily easily win 4 out of 5 constituencies.
Advania is confident to win 4 out of all the 5 constituencies.
Advani is very confident to win 4 out of of of 5 constituencies.
Advani is confident to win 4 out of of 5 of 5 constituencies.
Advania is very confident to easily win 4 out of 5 constituencies.
The Education Abroad Science Fair 2016 will also be held.
The Education Abroad Science Fair 2016, will be held.
The annual annual National Education Abroad Fair will be held.
The Education for Abroad Fair will also also be held.
The Education Abroad International Book Fair 2015 will be held.
Police are also appealing following a possible possible home invasion at Edensor Park.
Police are appealing following a widely planned British home invasion at Edensor Park.
Police officers are appealing, following a home - invasion at Edensor Park.
Police are appealing to following such a home invasion at nearby Edensor Park.
Police are appealing following up a planned British home invasion at Edensor Park.
Brandon Rios, who now has everything to gain and nothing to lose in winning his bout with undefeated Manny Pacquiao.
Brandon Rios has everything to not gain and nothing left to not lose, in winning his bout with Manny Pacquiao.
Brandon Rios has everything to not only really gain and has nothing left to lose in his bout with Manny Pacquiao.
Brandon Rios now has everything to gain and has nothing to ever really lose in his bout with undefeated Manny Pacquiao.
Brandon - Rios has everything to gain and nothing is left to lose in winning his bout, with Manny Pacquiao.
A young Hollis man was nearly completely run over, after being ejected from his tractor.
A Hollis'man who was run over after being so violently ejected from his tractor.
A Hollis man was run over, after allegedly being violently ejected from driving his tractor.
A young Hollis man was run - over, after being violently ejected from his tractor.
A young Hollis man was reportedly run over after allegedly allegedly being ejected from his tractor.
Ducati also has recruited its CEO Davide di Tardozzi for its MotoGP operation.
Ducati has recruited its CEO, Davide Tardozzi, for its MotoGP operation.
Ducati also has recruited as its CEO Davide Tardozzi for its MotoGP operation.
Ducati has recruited its Davide Tardozzi for heading its new European MotoGP operation.
Ducati has recruited its very own Davide Tardozzi team for its MotoGP operation.
Winter watering up will help keep all your pine trees healthy.
Winter watering up here will also help keep your trees healthy.
Winter watering will also help keep all of your trees healthy.
Winter watering will help if you keep your fruit trees healthy.
Winter watering will also help you keep your pine trees healthy.
ABC Family has picked up Marvel's Agents Agents of SHIELD for a planned second full season.
ABC has picked up Captain Marvel's new Agents of SHIELD for a second, full season.
ABC has picked - up Marvel's Agents of the SHIELD for almost a second full season.
ABC has picked - up Marvel's Agents of SHIELD for almost a planned second full season.
ABC / Television Family has picked up Captain Marvel's Agents of SHIELD for a full season.
Two more shots were fired, at the nearby house of a a retired businessman.
Two shots days later later were fired at outside the house of a retired businessman.
Two shots were fired at the old house of the a ailing retired businessman.
Two shots later were fired at the house of a wealthy local, retired businessman.
Two shots were fired almost simultaneously at entering the house of the a retired businessman.
A student died on Sunday in a serious sports car accident.
A student died early on Sunday morning in a car accident.
A student died on a Sunday afternoon in a car accident.
A student student died Sunday in after a serious car accident.
A student died Sunday morning in after suffering a car accident.
Esquire Broadcasting Network also has ordered a new second season of FRIDAY : NIGHT TYKES.
Esquire Network has ordered for a new, second season of FRIDAY : NIGHT TYKES.
Esquire Network has since also ordered a new second season episode of FRIDAY NIGHT TYKES.
Esquire Network has also ordered for a second season of THE FRIDAY : NIGHT TYKES.
Esquire Broadcasting Network has ordered a second season of THE THE FRIDAY OF NIGHT TYKES.
A boa constrictor tooth fragment has been found nearby in Monroe.
A boa tooth - constrictor tooth has been found in Monroe.
A boa - constrictor has been found only once in Monroe.
A rare boa constrictor species has also been found in Monroe.
A boa self - constrictor has also been found in Monroe.
Attorney - General, Mikey DeWine has been released from the hospital.
Attorney General, Mikey DeWine has been released from inside the hospital.
Attorney General Mike DeWiney has been recently released from leaving the hospital.
Attorney General, Mike DeWine has been recently released from inside the hospital.
Attorney General Mike DeWine has also been recently released away from the hospital.
Three people were killed when on a freight train hit with a Ford pickup truck.
Three people were killed when a train hit with just a Ford Ranger pickup truck.
Three people were also killed when a nearby freight train hit a nearby pickup truck.
Three people were killed, when, a freight train car hit a pickup truck.
Three more people were killed, when a train hit them with a pickup truck.
Steven Finn and Joe Rooth have vowed to support for their England coach, Andy Flower.
Steven Finney and Joe Root have also vowed to support England coach, Sir Andy Flower.
Steven Finn and manager Joe Root have vowed publicly to support England head - coach Andy Flower.
Steven Finney and Joes Root have vowed to support England coach, Sir Andy Flower.
Steven Finn and Joe Root have vowed publicly, not to publicly support England coach Andy Flower.
Christina Lee Hendricks is not yet ready to move on from writing her series, Mad Men.
Christina Lee Hendrickson still is not ready to move back on from her series Mad Men.
Christina Hendricks is not ready to move on, far away from finishing her series Mad Men.
Christina Hendricks is not yet ready to move on away completely, from her series Mad Men.
Christina Lee Hendrickson is not ready to move on from writing her own series Mad Men.
American Airlines will hire over 1, 000 500 pilots.
American Eagle Airlines International will hire 1, 500 pilots.
American Airlines will also hire over 1, 500 pilots.
American Airlines International will eventually hire 1, 500 pilots.
American Airlines International Services will hire 1, 500 pilots.
Victoria University researchers have since also scooped 21 John Marsden grants.
Victoria State University research research researchers have scooped 21 Marsden grants.
Victoria University researchers, who have scooped 21 John Marsden grants.
Victoria University researchers have scooped up 21 John Henry Marsden grants.
Victoria State University researchers, have also scooped 21 Marsden grants.
An injured Avonmore police man was in the jail for allegedly allegedly rearranging punching a police officer.
An Avonmore man was in the jail, for allegedly allegedly " rearranging punching a police officer.
An Avonmore Road police man was put in jail for allegedly rearranging punching with a police officer.
An Avonmore man who was sworn in at the jail for allegedly rearranging punching a police officer.
An elderly Avonmore man was put in local jail for allegedly " rearranging punching a police officer.
Keanu Reeves has been recently also falsely accused being immortal.
Keanu Reeves has been falsely accused of of being immortal.
Keanu Reeves has also sometimes also been accused being immortal.
Keanu Reeves has also also been accused of being immortal.
Keanu Reeves himself has also been accused of being immortal.
Ferrari fans held a special vigil there, for Michael Schumacher on celebrating his birthday.
Ferrari factory fans also held up a vigil for teammate Michael Schumacher on his birthday.
Ferrari F1 fans also held up a special vigil for Michael Schumacher on his birthday.
Ferrari fans also held up a vigil there for Michael Michael Schumacher on his birthday.
Ferrari fans also held up a vigil prayer for Michael Michael Schumacher on his birthday.
Tottenham FC are considering a £ 30m bid for Italian striker Giuseppe Rossi.
Tottenham are also considering a £. 30m bidder for Giuseppe Rossi.
Tottenham are also currently considering a new £ 30m bid for Giuseppe Rossi.
Tottenham are considering a new, £ 30m bid for striker Giuseppe Rossi.
Tottenham are considering a £ 30m stadium - takeover bid for Giuseppe Rossi.
The California state Senate passed a budget deal.
The Senate passed a major new budget deal.
The Senate then unanimously passed a budget deal.
The Senate then unanimously passed a budget deal.
The Senate then passed such a budget deal.
HyperSolaris Energy has started evaluating methods for improving onsite liquid hydrogen production at distribution - points or fueling stations.
HyperSolar has started evaluating possible alternative methods for onsite liquid hydrogen production either at distribution - points or fueling stations.
HyperSolarity has started by evaluating methods for onsite hydrogen production, at distribution - points, or fueling stations.
HyperSolar Energy Group has started evaluating alternative methods for onsite liquid hydrogen production at distribution points or hydrogen fueling stations.
HyperSolar has started evaluating alternative methods for onsite hydrogen production at various local hydrogen fuel distribution points or fueling stations.
The Republic of China Tea Tea, purveyor, is excited to finally welcome all two winners of its fall favorites.
The Czech Republic of Tea, purveyor, is very excited to welcome these two of all of its fall favorites.
The Czech Republic of Tea, purveyor, is also very very excited to welcome these two of its fall favorites.
The Republic of China Tea, purveyor, is excited enough to immediately welcome yet two more of its fall favorites.
The Republic of China Tea, a tea purveyor, also is very excited to welcome two of its fall favorites.
The UK needs access to, and eventually employ a 21, 000 IT staff by 2050.
The UK currently needs to employ over half a million 21, 000 IT staff by 2050.
The UK needs to employ over a further 21, 000 IT staffers worldwide by 2050.
The IBM UK needs to employ a 21, 000 + IT support staff capacity by 2050.
The IBM UK needs to employ over a 21, 000 + IT staff capacity by 2050.
Ken Schrader also became the second oldest pole winner in such of a NASCAR series.
Ken Schrader became the oldest career NASCAR pole winner in a single major NASCAR series.
Ken Schrader, also became arguably the oldest pole winner in such a NASCAR series.
Kendrick Schrader became also the oldest pole winner in a single major NASCAR series.
Ken Schrader also became also the oldest pole winner ever in a major NASCAR series.
4GTV will also be launched next week.
4G2 will be launched the next week.
4G will also be launched the next week.
4G will also also be launched next week.
4G2 will be officially launched next week.
Sidney Lions Football Club will be selling their own Christmas wreaths door.
Sidney Sussex Lions Football Club members will be selling Christmas wreaths door.
Sidney Sussex Lions Club members will also be selling Christmas wreaths door.
Sidney Lions Club will also be " selling Christmas tree wreaths door.
Sidney Lions Football Club members will be selling Christmas tree wreaths door.
Government and community leaders can also jointly accelerate paces of development.
Governments and community can jointly help accelerate paces of development.
Governments and even the community can jointly accelerate pace of development.
Government and the community can also jointly help accelerate pace of development.
Government and the international community also can jointly accelerate pace of development.
Qualcomm has also acquired the Orb Networks.
Qualcomm Corporation has acquired the Orb Networks.
Qualcomm Corporation has acquired the Orb Networks.
Qualcomm Corporation has acquired the Orb Networks.
Qualcomm has also recently acquired Orb Networks.
Corey Anderson - John Anderson struck the fastest ODI century.
Corey Anderson also struck the joint second fastest ODI century.
Corey - Anderson struck the world second fastest ODI century.
Corey Anderson has also struck out the fastest ODI century.
Corey Anderson also struck the fastest ever maiden ODI century.
Patrick Willis also later fractured his hand.
Patrick Willis fractured on breaking his hand.
Patrick Willis fractured on breaking his hand.
Patrick Willis also later fractured his hand.
Patrick - John Willis fractured his hand.
A school - bus rolled over, after colliding with half an SUV.
A school bus rolled over, after colliding with half of an SUV.
A school - bus rolled over after colliding with half of an SUV.
A school bus driver had rolled us over after colliding with an SUV.
A school - bus driver rolled over after colliding with half an SUV.
Eyefortransport is Rebranding to itself as eft.
Eyefortransports is currently Rebranding as eft.
Eyefortransports Ltd is Rebranding as eft.
Eyefortransports is currently Rebranding as eft.
Eyefortransports is Rebranding itself as eft.
People diagnosed with sleep apnea may also appear to be at higher overall risk of pneumonia.
People diagnosed with sleep apnea appear to be at higher overall risk because primarily of pneumonia.
People with sleep - apnea also often appear to be at higher risk because of pneumonia.
People with sleep - apnea appear to be more at least a higher risk of pneumonia.
People with severe sleep - apnea also appear to be at higher overall risk of pneumonia.
Scott - Walker plans to also propose significant income - tax cuts.
Scott - Walker plans to also propose significant income - tax cuts.
Scott Walker plans voters well not to propose significant income tax cuts.
Scott Walker plans to propose more than 20 significant income tax cuts.
Scott - Walker announced plans to propose significant income - tax cuts.
Undisclosed income inequality also has increased manifold.
Undisclosed household income has also increased manifold.
Undisclosed personal income has also increased manifold.
Undisclosed income inequality also has increased manifold.
Undisclosed income inequality inequality has increased manifold.
Tranmere have a suspended manager, Ronnie Moore.
Tranmere have also suspended manager, Ronnie Moore.
Tranmere Rovers also have suspended manager Ronnie Moore.
Tranmere Rovers have suspended their manager Ronnie Moore.
Tranmere Rovers have suspended their manager Ronnie Moore.
Michael Vick has also signed with both the NFL New York Jets.
Michael Vick has signed on loan with both the New York Jets.
Michael Vickrey has signed with both the NFL New York Jets.
Michael Vick has also signed with the NFL New - York Jets.
Michael Vick has signed on with the NFL New - York Jets.
The double - tax collection agreement between Cyprus and the Portugal entered fully into force.
The double - tax collection agreement between Northern Cyprus and Portugal entered fully into force.
The proposed double - digit tax agreement between Cyprus and Portugal never entered into force.
The double tax collection agreement signed between Cyprus government and the Portugal entered into force.
The double tax agreement signed between Cyprus and Portugal entered it almost fully into force.
THE Grand Theft Auto Auto Grand Auto V video game has smashed six world records.
THE first Grand Theft Auto - V game has smashed all six major world records.
THE Grand - Prix Theft Auto V video game team has smashed six world records.
THE Grand - Theft Auto - V video game has also smashed six world records.
THE Grand - Theft Auto Auto Auto V game has also smashed six world records.
UConn junior guard Ryan Boatright, who is returning home for play his senior season.
UConn junior guard Ryane Boatright is returning for his very first full senior season.
UConn senior guard and junior guard Ryan Boatright, is returning for his senior season.
UConn junior guard, currently Ryan Boatright, is returning for basketball his senior season.
UConn junior guard, Ryan Boatright, is not returning for football his senior season.
A woman who earned a trip back to the jail for stealing money from a tow truck.
A young woman earned a trip straight back to jail for stealing from a local tow truck.
A woman earned for herself a trip straight back to jail for stealing a stolen tow truck.
A woman earned a very expensive short trip back to jail for stealing a local tow truck.
A young woman earned a short trip back home to jail for stealing from a tow truck.
Food trucks are rounding all of them up in Marana today.
Food trucks that are still constantly rounding up in Marana today.
Food trucks are rounding all them up in the Marana today.
Food delivery trucks are still rounding up in the Marana today.
Food trucks that are still rounding up in the Marana today.
The English word Twerking has been added twice to help form the Oxford English Dictionary.
The word Twerking has also been recently been added to the Oxford New English Dictionary.
The word for a Twerking has been added to in the Oxford New English Dictionary.
The word Twerkings has been recently added back to the New Oxford English Dictionary.
The word Twerking has been recently added to in the New Edition Oxford English Dictionary.
Coldwater Creek Inc. has filed for US federal bankruptcy protection.
Coldwater Clearing Creek Inc. has filed for bankruptcy protection.
Coldwater Creek Inc. has filed applications for federal bankruptcy protection.
Coldwater Creek Inc. has filed for US federal bankruptcy protection.
Coldwater Creek, Inc. filed for federal bankruptcy bankruptcy protection.
Two more injured two people were rescued, after their boat caught fire north of Nelson.
Two more people were rescued, after their boat caught fire just north west of Nelson.
Two people were rescued, shortly after their boat caught fire, just north of Nelson.
Two people were rescued after their boat had caught fire north east west coast of Nelson.
Two people were rescued shortly afterwards after their boat had caught fire just north of Nelson.
The University Press Society of Auckland Auckland congratulates Eleanor Catton.
The University of Technology, in Auckland congratulates Eleanor Catton.
The University Press of Auckland, Auckland congratulates Eleanor Catton.
The Royal University of Auckland also congratulates Dr Eleanor Catton.
The University Press of Auckland also warmly congratulates Eleanor Catton.
Jay Z was hit over twice with a copyright - infringement lawsuit.
Jay Z was hit again with a federal copyright - infringement lawsuit.
Jay Z. was hit with a copyright - related infringement lawsuit.
Jay Z. was hit again with a copyright - infringement lawsuit.
Jay Z was a hit again with a federal copyright infringement lawsuit.
A SEVENOAKS actor has landed him with only a Hollywood movie deal.
A good old SEVENOAKS actor has landed him a Hollywood movie deal.
A few SEVENOAKS The actor has landed a Hollywood feature movie deal.
AY SEVENOAKS the actor has landed a Hollywood feature movie deal.
A SEVENOAKS actor has never actually landed a Hollywood feature movie deal.
The housing recovery plant could have run out entirely of steam.
The housing recovery and assistance program could run out of steam.
The housing recovery program itself could have run out of steam.
The new residential housing and recovery could run out of steam.
The proposed new housing recovery could run out entirely of steam.
Facebook is buying WhatsApp instant messaging email service, for $ 16 billion.
Facebook Group is currently buying WhatsApp messaging service for US $ 16 billion.
Facebook Group is buying WhatsApp instant messaging service, for $ 16 billion.
Facebook is buying the new WhatsApp messaging service for $ $ 16 billion.
Facebook Group is currently buying WhatsApp instant messaging service for $ 16 billion.
A cap and a production model have also been killed in Age of Empires Online.
A cap and logo a production model killed Ager of All the Empires Online.
A caption and a production model nearly killed the Ager of Empires Online.
A cap and a new production model nearly completely killed the Age of Empires Online.
A cap and a production car body model also killed Age of the Empires Online.
Zahid Ali Khan has called for the court martial of Pakistani military intelligence officials if ever they ever are found to be involved directly in extortion.
Zahid Khan has called again asking for the court martialing of intelligence officials if they are found to be persons not directly involved in extortion.
Zahid Khanzai Khan has also called for the court martial of intelligence officials if they too are ever found to not be involved in extortion.
Zahid Khanzai has also called for the court martialing detention of senior intelligence officials if they are found not to be involved in extortion.
Zahid Khan himself has called for the court - martial of intelligence officials, if they are found to be directly involved, resulting in extortion.
The company, FireEye, has acquired Mandiant in in a deal reportedly worth $ 1bn.
The company FireEye has acquired is Mandiant Technologies, in a deal reportedly worth $ 1bn.
The company, FireEye, LLC has acquired Mandiant in a deal worth US $ 1bn.
The American company FireEye has acquired from the Mandiant in a deal reportedly worth $ 1bn.
The company FireEye has also recently acquired Mandiant Technologies in a deal reportedly worth $ 1bn.
Public - sector pharmacists and private pharmacy technicians, are restive.
Public sector - pharmacists, and pharmacy - technicians are restive.
Public - sector trained pharmacists and pharmacy technicians, are restive.
Public - sector pharmacists, and pharmacy technicians, are restive.
Public sector pharmacists, and pharmacy - related technicians are restive.
The NFL will eliminate the second extra point.
The 2017 NFL eliminates the extra point.
The 2017 NFL eliminates the extra point.
The NFL eliminates the second extra point.
The NFL will eliminate the second extra point.
Nigella Hall Lawson has also taken cocaine.
Nigella Hall Lawson has also taken cocaine.
Nigella Hall Lawson has also taken cocaine.
Nigella Hall Lawson has also taken cocaine.
Nigella Hall Lawson who has taken cocaine.
Chaser Elliott won in his very first career NASCAR Nationwide Series race.
Chase Elliott also won his first career NASCAR Nationwide Truck Racing Series race.
Chaser Elliott won in just his first career NASCAR Nationwide Series race.
Chase Elliott also won in his first career NASCAR and Nationwide Series race.
Chaser Elliott won in his first career NASCAR NASCAR Nationwide Series race.
Miniature race - horses were found slaughtered.
Miniature race horses also were found slaughtered.
Miniature horses also found were found slaughtered.
Miniature horses also found were found slaughtered.
Miniature horses were also later found slaughtered.
Khloe posted a full nude photograph on Instagram.
Khloe also posted a nude photograph on Instagram.
Khloe posted her a photograph online on Instagram.
Khloe also posted a photograph online on Instagram.
Khloe also posted a nude photograph on Instagram.
Artisan lovers spent hours eating lunches and learning.
Art lovers days were spent eating lunches and learning.
Art lovers were also often spent eating lunch and learning.
Art lovers were spent eating their own lunch and learning.
Art lovers were spent eating their own lunch and learning.
Bromium, Inc., said it raised over $ 40 million.
Bromium, Inc. said that it had raised $ 40 million.
Bromium Inc. said that, and it raised $ 40 million.
Bromium Inc. has also said it raised over $ 40 million.
Bromium Inc. said years later that it raised $ 40 million.
The main road most people travelled would be.
The road that the most travelled would be.
The main road most travelled here would be.
The road that most people travelled would be.
The main road most people travelled would be.
Joshi was sworn in as was also the Governor, for the proposed second term.
Joshi was sworn in, as was the new Governor, for the second term.
Joshi was also then sworn in as was the Governor for the new second term.
Joshi was sworn - in unopposed as the Governor General for the new second term.
Joshi was then sworn in as the new Governor for only the possible second term.
Watkins, who he was, later was released as the Philadelphia Eagles got.
Watkins, who he was, was released just as all the Eagles got.
Watkins, who was, was also released just as the Philadelphia Eagles got.
Watkins, or who was, was later released as the Philadelphia Eagles got.
Watkins, who he was, was released, just as the Eagles got.
The then newly expansion Vancouver Canucks have signed Ronalds Kenins.
The Vancouver Vancouver Canucks have recently also signed Ronalds Kenins.
The Vancouver Vancouver Canucks have also recently signed Ronalds Kenins.
The expansion Vancouver Vancouver Canucks also have signed Ronalds Kenins.
The Vancouver Canucks would also not have signed Ronalds Kenins.
Which project was awarded the highest - quality green building certification.
Whichever project won was awarded the highest green building certification.
Which was also awarded the highest green - light building certification.
Which project was awarded the highest green - light building certification.
Which project was awarded with the second highest green building certification.
Keith - Prowse Group has restructured all its marketing team.
Keith - Prowse has since then restructured its marketing team.
Keith Smith - David Prowse has restructured its marketing team.
Keith Prowse Group has also recently restructured its marketing team.
Keith - Prowse has since then restructured its marketing team.
Solar energy rebates are slowly coming to an end here in San Diego.
Solar rebates are coming almost immediately to an end here in San Diego.
Solar rebates are coming almost to such an end here in San Diego.
Solar rebates that year are slowly coming to an end in San Diego.
Solar rebates are coming to such an abrupt abrupt end in San Diego.
The Orange African Nations African Football Championship SOUTH AFRICA 2014 draw took place also held in Cairo.
The Orange African Nations Championship SOUTH AFRICA 2014 qualification draw, also took place, in Cairo.
The Orange African Nations Championship SOUTH - AFRICA 2014 qualification round draw also took place in Cairo.
The 2014 Orange African Nations Football Championship SOUTH - AFRICA 2014 qualification draw took place in Cairo.
The 2014 Orange African Nations Championship - SOUTH AFRICA 2014 African qualification draw took place in Cairo.
Forest Reserve, Buffalo, NY, is now permanently protected.
Forest Forest Reserve, NY NY is now not permanently protected.
Forest Reserve, Albany, NY is also now permanently protected.
Forest Hill Nature Reserve, Albany NY is now permanently protected.
Forest Reserve, NY NY 1 is now not permanently protected.
A young Bradford man now faces a new federal drug charge.
A young Bradford man faces off a mysterious new drug charge.
A Bradford County man faces off a brand new drug charge.
A Bradford man faces off with a newfound drug charge.
A young Bradford man faces off a newfound drug charge.
Kyrgyzstan has had 663 rallies, and 23 protest actions in 2013.
Kyrgyzstan had held 663 rallies and organized 11 protest actions in 2013.
Kyrgyzstan had 663 rallies, and 23 protest protest actions in 2013.
Kyrgyzstan had held 663 rallies and protest - actions nationwide in 2013.
Kyrgyzstan had 663 protest rallies - and protest - actions in 2013.
A young North Sydney woman also was sentenced.
A very young North Sydney woman was sentenced.
A North Sydney woman also convicted was sentenced.
A North - East Sydney woman was sentenced.
A North East Sydney police woman was sentenced.
Two naval officers were feared killed, and seven sailors were injured a second fire was erupted, INS Sindhuratna.
Two officers were feared killed, and seven of other sailors were injured a second fire erupted, INS Sindhuratna.
Two officers were feared as killed and another of seven sailors injured when a fireball erupted, INS Sindhuratna.
Two naval officers were feared and killed and seven sailors injured when a fire erupted, completely destroying INS Sindhuratna.
Two naval officers, were feared killed, and seven sailors injured a naval fire was erupted, INS Sindhuratna.
Vallourec reiterated but also warned against supporting the weak Brazilian real.
Vallourec reiterated but also strongly warned the weakest Brazilian real.
Vallourec reiterated but he had also warned the weak Brazilian real.
Vallourec also reiterated but warned against the weakest Brazilian real.
Vallourec reiterated but also warned against the weakest Brazilian real.
Two new businesses will be able to open up in downtown Pensacola.
Two new businesses will be soon to open up in downtown Pensacola.
Two new retail businesses that will be open up in downtown Pensacola.
Two new businesses that will also be to open in downtown Pensacola.
Two new retail businesses will be soon open in downtown downtown Pensacola.
EA Sports'UFC will feature only two female fighters.
EA Sports UFC 2 also will also feature female fighters.
EA Sports UFC will currently feature only two female fighters.
EA Sports UFC 2 will also also feature female fighters.
EA Sports Sports UFC 2 will also feature female fighters.
The former Mississippi Valley State Bulldogs mascot was injured by hitting an ESPN golf cart.
The former Mississippi Valley State Bulldogs mascot was injured accidentally by an ESPN golf cart.
The other, former Mississippi State Bulldogs mascot was injured by an ESPN golf cart.
The former Mississippi State mascot was injured badly, by hitting an ESPN golf cart.
The Mississippi State Bulldogs mascots also was seriously injured by an ESPN golf cart.
Barack Obama will appoint as new Deputy First Deputy Homeland Security Secretary.
Barack Obama will appoint as the new Homeland Defense and Security Secretary.
Barack Obama will be appoint as new Assistant Homeland - Security Secretary.
Barack Obama - Obama, will appoint as new Homeland Security Secretary.
Barack Obama, who will appoint as new Homeland and Security Secretary.
Jenny - McCarthy has hit, insisting she believes herself is not anti - vaccine.
Jenny McCarthy has hit, insisting that she is not a not anti - vaccine.
Jenny - McCarthy has hit, insisting she herself is a not anti - vaccine.
Jenny McCarthy has hit, insisting she is on a not - anti - vaccine.
Jenny Lou McCarthy also has hit, insisting she herself is not anti - vaccine.
Pittsburgh head coach Paul Van Chrystle released freshman backup quarterback Tra'Von Chapman from his scholarship.
Pittsburgh coach Paul Chryst released freshman backup quarterback, Tra'Von Chapman, released from his scholarship.
Pittsburgh coach, Paul Chrystle released freshman quarterback Tra'Von Chapman, released from his scholarship.
Pittsburgh head coach Paul Van Chryst released freshman quarterback Tra'Von'Chapman from on his scholarship.
Pittsburgh coach, Pauley Chrystle released freshman backup quarterback Tra'Von Chapman from his scholarship.
A man accused of attempted raping was later found not found guilty Thursday.
A man he falsely accused of raping was found not found guilty Thursday.
A young man accused of of raping was found not found guilty Thursday.
A man accused of raping was found not found but not guilty Thursday.
A young man accused of raping was also later found not guilty Thursday.
Riley - Cooper has reportedly left the team early, to seek counseling, the Eagles said.
Riley Cooper has reportedly left the team early to seek psychological counseling, the Philadelphia Eagles said.
Riley Cooper also has since left the football team, to seek counseling, the Eagles said.
Riley - Cooper has since left the team to seek counseling, the former Philadelphia Eagles said.
Riley - Cooper also has left the football team to seek counseling, the Philadelphia Eagles said.
Police arrested seven other suspected illegal Afghan immigrants.
Police also arrested the seven illegal Afghan immigrants.
Police arrested seven other illegal immigrant Afghan immigrants.
Police arrested seven and other illegal Afghan immigrants.
Police arrested seven other suspected illegal Afghan immigrants.
A dead body was later found buried in a burned SUV.
A body - bag was found in a partially burned SUV.
A dead body was later found in a partially burned SUV.
A body bag was found buried in a partially burned SUV.
A second body bag body was found in a burned SUV.
Cashes to advance the laws kentucky.
Cashes advance the tax laws kentucky.
Cashes and other advance laws kentucky.
Cashes and other advance laws kentucky.
Cashes to advance the laws kentucky.
Rahul Gandhi will be and he is scheduled to spend half a day in Mumbai, interacting directly and with voters.
Rahul Gandhi will be and he is scheduled also to spend a full day working in Mumbai, interacting with voters.
Rahul Gandhi will be and is scheduled to, spend half a day working in Mumbai and also interacting with voters.
Rahul Gandhi will also be and is also scheduled also, to spend a day in Mumbai, interacting with voters.
Rahul Gandhi, will also be and is scheduled to also spend a day in Mumbai, interacting directly with voters.
I think Janet Napolitano should just not be called on to the Supreme Court bench of the United States.
I think that Janet Napolitano should be sitting on the Supreme Judicial Circuit Court of all the United States.
I think Janette Napolitano really should not be on to the Supreme Court bench of the United States.
I think Janet Napolitano really really should be comfortable sitting on the Supreme Court bench of the United States.
I do really think Janette Napolitano should be on the Supreme Court, of all the United States.
The Socceroos have slipped seven spots down in all the world FIFA rankings.
The Socceroos have since slipped seven - spots down in the FIFA rankings.
The Socceroos have slipped seven consecutive spots in the world of FIFA rankings.
The Golden Socceroos have slipped seven spots higher in the world FIFA rankings.
The Socceroos have slipped to seven spots down in all the FIFA rankings.
SriLankana International Airlines has joined oneworld.
SriLankan Airlines has also recently joined oneworld.
SriLankan Airlines, also has joined oneworld.
SriLankan Airlines also recently has joined oneworld.
SriLankana Airlines also has joined oneworld.
Two defensive ends committed to play football together while both at UNLV.
Two defensive tight - ends have committed to play football at UNLV.
Two defensive ends committed to to play football while enrolled at UNLV.
Two defensive ends committed themselves to also play football while at UNLV.
Two defensive ends who have also committed to play football at UNLV.
Microsoft is currently considering unveiling Office 365 for the iPad.
Microsoft is unveiling Office 365 for Windows using the iPad.
Microsoft is unveiling Microsoft Office for using on the iPad.
Microsoft Office Office is unveiling Microsoft Office for the iPad.
Microsoft Office is unveiling Office for Windows using the iPad.
John Riegger also won at the Boeing Classic.
Johnnie Van Riegger won the Boeing Classic.
John Riegger won gold at the Boeing Classic.
John Van Riegger won the 2008 Boeing Classic.
John Riegger won the inaugural 2008 Boeing Classic.
Taiwann stocks prices were flat.
Taiwan stocks'prices were flat.
Taiwan stocks'prices were flat.
Taiwan stocks'prices were flat.
Taiwan oil stocks however were flat.
Palm oil production rebounded strongly again in or about the month of March.
Palm oil production rebounded strongly again in the very first month of March.
Palm oil production rebounded strongly once again in the month ahead of March.
Palm - oil production had also rebounded strongly in the month of March.
Palm oil prices and oil production rebounded strongly in the month of March.
Mickey Avalon also has released a brand new video, I Gotta Get Even.
Mickey and Avalon also has recently released a new video, I Get Even.
Mickey Avalon has released a brand new video, titled I Gotta Get Even.
Mickey and Mouse Avalon has released a brand new video, I Get Even.
Mickey Avalon has recently also released a brand new video, I Get Even.
Singapore has warned China strongly against allowing the return of haze.
Singapore has been warned repeatedly against allowing the return of haze.
Singapore has been warned against the returning effects of haze.
Singapore has also been warned against causing the return of haze.
Singapore has been warned repeatedly against the possible return of haze.
Miley Cyrus I woke up to find a whole bunch of roses.
Miley Cyrus woke up to finally find a whole bunch of roses.
Miley Cyrus and I woke up to a bunches of roses.
Miley Cyrus woke up to a whole bunch full roses of roses.
Miley Cyrus died and I woke up to a bunch of roses.
Downtown Shreveport's art is now just getting ready for business.
Downtown, Shreveport's art is now getting ready for business.
Downtown, Shreveport's fine art collection is ready for business.
Downtown, downtown Shreveport's art is readying for business.
Downtown, Shreveport's art gallery is now ready for business.
Foreign Minister Wang Yi met, along with Foreign Minister Mohamed Ali Barnaba and Marial - Benjamin of South Sudan.
Foreign Minister Wang Yi met, with the Foreign Affairs Minister Minister Barnaba and Marial Benjamin, of South Sudan.
Foreign Affairs Minister Wang Yi met, with Foreign Minister Barnaba and Marial al - Benjamin, of South Sudan.
Foreign Ministers Wang Yiwei and Yi met, with Foreign Minister Barnaba Marial - Benjamin of South Sudan.
Foreign Minister Wang Yiwei also met, along with Foreign Minister Barnaba Marial - Benjamin, of South Sudan.
She feels strongly that the whole country is very disillusioned.
She feels the whole whole whole country is very disillusioned.
She has also feels that the country is very disillusioned.
She feels the country is also becoming increasingly very disillusioned.
She feels that the country girl is becoming very disillusioned.
HDFC Bank has launched with it a co - branded premium prepaid card.
HDFC Bank Limited has launched with a courier - branded prepaid card.
HDFC Bank Limited has launched a co - branded branded branded prepaid card.
HDFC Bank Limited has also launched a co - branded branded prepaid card.
HDFC Bank Limited has launched a new co - branded premium prepaid card.
Heavy clashes there were also reported among both the Taliban and militants in Paktika province of Afghanistan.
Heavy armed clashes were reported among almost all the Taliban militants operating in Paktika province of Afghanistan.
Heavy clashes were reported among all three of them the Taliban militants in Paktika province of Afghanistan.
Heavy clashes were reported also among all the Taliban and militants in Paktika province, of Afghanistan.
Heavy clashes were reported also among all the Taliban militants in Paktika Autonomous Region province of Afghanistan.
Meat was stolen far away from in a Cuffley supermarket.
Meat packing material was stolen away from a Cuffley supermarket.
Meat was also allegedly stolen from in a Cuffley supermarket.
Meat was reportedly reportedly also stolen from a Cuffley supermarket.
Meat was stolen from a nearby nearby John Cuffley supermarket.
Some 85 per - cent have reportedly also made no specific plans for long term care.
Some 85 per cent - 90 cent have made absolutely no plans for long term care.
Some over 85 per cent have made no plans available except for for long term care.
Some 85 per - cent Americans have also reportedly made no plans for long term care.
Some over 85 per cent have made absolutely or no plans for adequate long term care.
EADS is cutting - off 5, 800 new civilian jobs as part of a major overhaul.
EADS is cutting about 5, 000 800 jobs as a part one of a major overhaul.
EADS is cutting off 5, 800 jobs as part of making such system a major overhaul.
EADSA Europe is cutting 5, 800 jobs as part one of a planned major overhaul.
EADSA is cutting 5, 800 in new jobs, as part of a major overhaul.
Brooke Burke - Charvet will also may not return again to Dancing With The Stars.
Brooke Burke - Charvet will not return again to join Celebrity Dancing With The Stars.
Brooke Burke - Charvet, will also not return to Dancing along With The Stars.
Brooke Burke - - Charvet will not return again to Dancing... With The Stars.
Brooke - Burke - Charvet will not return to Dancing along With All The Stars.
Tim and Tebowa would like you to adopt someday.
Tim and Tim Tebow would like to legally adopt someday.
Tim Tebowski would like me to legally adopt someday.
Tim Tebowski would like me to legally adopt someday.
Tim and Tebowa would all like to adopt someday.
Japan is cancelling its previously planned next Antarctic whale whaling hunt.
Japan also is considering cancelling its next Antarctic whale whaling hunt.
Japan is cancelling its planned next Antarctic whale - whaling hunt.
Japan is cancelling - out its planned next Antarctic whaling hunt.
Japan is considering cancelling its planned next major Antarctic whaling hunt.
A storm sprinkler system break caused water damage due primarily to a warehouse space used by the several Fargo businesses as storage facilities.
A sprinkler and chain break also caused water and damage to a warehouse space used previously by several Fargo businesses as storage facilities.
A sprinkler breakage caused water damage, due to a space previously used by several Fargo area businesses as water storage facilities.
A large sprinkler break caused severe water system damage to fill a vacant space used by several Fargo area businesses as storage facilities.
A large sprinkler chain breaker caused water damage to a warehouse, space used previously by several Fargo businesses as storage facilities.
Red Bull Island will not be cleared.
Red - Hot Bull will be cleared.
Red Buller Lane will be cleared.
Red Bull - Bull will be cleared.
Red - Bull will not be cleared.
The former mayor of only half the small central Washington town has also recently been arrested.
The former Republican deputy mayors of the small central Washington County town has been arrested.
The former deputy mayor of the small, rural north central Washington town has been arrested.
The former incumbent, Republican deputy mayor of the small central Washington town has been arrested.
The former mayor of the relatively small, central Washington town has since also been arrested.
A Festus man was also later found dead following such a party.
A'Festus'man was found dead, following a party.
A young Festus maniac was found dead following such a party.
A Festus man was also later found dead following such a party.
A Festus mane was later found dead, following a party.
Albert López de Riera has been charged twice with improper conduct.
Albert von Rierak has been also charged with improper conduct.
Albert de Riera has since also been charged with improper conduct.
Albert Riera has also been recently also charged with improper conduct.
Albert von Rierak has also been charged with improper conduct.
Pakistani President Muhammad Asif - Ali Zardari also stepped down, thus becoming only the very first democratically elected president to complete his full term.
Pakistani former First Vice President Asif Ali Zardari stepped him down, becoming only the first democratically elected president ever to complete his full term.
Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari also stepped - down, becoming the first democratically re - elected elected president to complete his first full term.
Pakistani President Asif - Ali Zardari also stepped down, becoming and only recently the first ever democratically elected president to complete his full term.
Pakistani President Asif - Ali Khan Zardari also stepped down, and thus becoming the very first democratically elected president to complete his full term.
An enormous earthquake then shook Sikkim, causing panic.
An earthquake shook the northern Sikkim, causing panic.
An almost enormous earthquake shook Sikkim, causing panic.
An unexpected earthquake shook northern Sikkim, causing panic.
An earthquake, then shook Sikkim, causing panic.
Carl von Icahn plans to seek a higher price for his two remaining remaining Dell shares.
Carl von Icahn had plans to seek compensation for a higher price for his Dell shares.
Carl Icahn plans to also seek a much - higher price for his remaining Dell shares.
Carl Icahn plans to also seek out a higher market price base for his Dell shares.
Carl von der Icahn announced plans to seek a higher price tag for his Dell shares.
Baby boomers appear to be getting much better at not paying back taxes on their debts.
Baby boomers appear likely to also be gradually getting better skills at paying back their debts.
Baby boomers appear to be getting much better at paying poor people to back their debts.
Baby - baby boomers appear to be getting better skills at successfully paying back their debts.
Baby boomers appear now to be slowly slowly getting even better at paying back their debts.
Nebojsa Stefanovic discussed promotion of bilateral trade relations and parliamentary cooperation.
Nebojsa Stefanovic also discussed promotion of possibilities of bilateral parliamentary cooperation.
Nebojsa Stefanovic also has also discussed promotion of bilateral parliamentary cooperation.
Nebojsa Stefanovic also has discussed promotion of the bilateral parliamentary cooperation.
Nebojsa Stefanovic discussed on the promotion of bilateral and parliamentary cooperation.
Four persons died of which a family died a fire truck driver hit a motorcycle.
Four persons members of a local farming family family died a truck hit a motorcycle.
Four persons missing were out of a family died a fire truck hit a motorcycle.
Four elderly persons members of a family died suddenly when a truck hit a motorcycle.
Four persons of a family died when a nearby fire truck hit with a motorcycle.
A second bomb - blast was detonated against an IDF patrol along with the northern border.
A bomb was detonated against an IDF border patrol outpost along the Israeli controlled northern border.
A bomb blast was later detonated twice, against an IDF patrol along the northern border.
A bomb was later detonated against by an IDF border patrol operating along the northern border.
A bomb was detonated against an unarmed Israeli IDF patrol along with crossing the northern border.
Samsung aims to double take, unveiling of a brand new smartphone.
Samsung also aims to take, unveiling, a brand new smartphone.
Samsung aims not to take, unveiling a brand brand new smartphone.
Samsung aims not only only to take, unveiling a new smartphone.
Samsung aims not to take, anything but unveiling a new smartphone.
A strong team India is very good for in world cricket.
A strong touring India team is good for future world cricket.
A strong India is good candidate nation for future world cricket.
A very very strong India is good for playing world cricket.
A strong India team is good enough for future world cricket.
Two senior Fort Worth City Council police officers were seriously injured after responding to a domestic - disturbance call Wednesday.
Two Fort Worth City police officers, were seriously injured after responding incorrectly to a domestic - disturbance call Wednesday.
Two Fort - Worth police department officers, were injured after responding incorrectly to a " domestic disturbance call Wednesday.
Two Fort Worth City police department security officers were injured after responding to such a " domestic disturbance call Wednesday.
Two Fort Worth police officers, were injured after not responding to " a domestic " disturbance on call Wednesday.
Fox News Channel host Bill O'Reilly later admitted he went " easy " on 60 Minutes.
Fox News host Bill O'Reilly admitted he went easy " right there on " 60 Minutes.
Fox News host, Bill O'Reilly admitted later that night he went easy on 60 Minutes.
Fox News News Channel host, comedian Bill O'Reilly admitted he went easy on 60 Minutes.
Fox News host Bill Cullen has said O'Reilly admitted he went easy on the 60 Minutes.
Mediaset confirmed that it has received expressions out of of interest.
Mediaset confirmed it has received only some positive expressions of interest.
Mediaset confirmed that, it has received expressions of of interest.
Mediaset has confirmed it has still not received expressions of interest.
Mediaset confirmed later that it has received positive expressions of interest.
Actress, Ashley Tisdale is also not engaged, according to a report.
Actress Ashley Van Tisdale is engaged, " according " to a report.
Actress Ashley Tisdale is not engaged, according to according to a report.
Actress, Ashley Tisdale is engaged, " according " to a report.
Actress Ashley Tisdale is engaged, according to just such as a report.
ARB Rahman is the very last evidence of either the composer ever being king.
AR Rahman is the last evidences exist of either the composer or being king.
AR Rahmani is also among of the last evidence of the composer being king.
ARB Rahman is at the very last evidence of the music composer being king.
AR Rahmani is the last evidencess of any the composer being king.
And Mainul Haque would take up the demand with the military officers and the high command.
And Mainul Abdul - Haque would take back up on the demand with the high command.
And Mainul Haque Khan would take back up the demand along with the Army high command.
And Mainul Haque would take - up the same basic demand with all the high command.
And then Mainul Haque would take up all of the demand with all the high command.
Rafael - Nadal breaks into a sweat ahead of next - week's the Australian Open.
Rafael - Nadal breaks into quite a cold sweat ahead of next week's Australian Open.
Rafael Nadal also breaks a cold sweat ahead of of next - week's Australian Open.
Rafael Nadal breaks a sweat ahead of the next - week calendar week's Australian Open.
Rafael Nadal breaks - out into a sweat just ahead of next week's Australian Open.
International has bought out over 750, 000 shares.
International Group has bought over 750, 000 shares.
International Group has bought over 750, 000 shares.
International has bought out over 750, 000 shares.
International has bought over 750, 000 000 shares.
Tommie Latham visited the Creston Tuesday.
Tom Latham also visited the Creston Tuesday.
Tommie Latham also visited Creston Tuesday.
Tommie Latham also visited Creston Tuesday.
Tommie Latham also visited Creston Tuesday.
A young, former professional Washington Redskins football player is beasting out with James Andrews.
A former Washington Redskins - Redskins football player who is beasting out with James Andrews.
A young former professional Washington Redskins player is beasting it all out with James Andrews.
A young former Washington - Redskins player is beasting it all out with James Andrews.
A former professional Washington Redskins player is beasting it out along with teammate James Andrews.
Rolls - Royce UK Ltd is to create over 100 new jobs.
Rolls - Royce Royce UK is to create 100 million new jobs.
Rolls Rolls Rolls - Royce is to create 100 million new jobs.
Rolls - Royce UK Ltd. is to create 100 new jobs.
Rolls - Royce is expected to create over 100 million new jobs.
The American Cancer Research Society's New Hope Lodge program helps families to stay together during treatment.
The North American Family of Cancer Society's Hope Lodge program helps families stay together during treatment.
The Royal North American Cancer Society's Hope Lodge helps families to stay close together during treatment.
The North American Cancer Research Society's Hope Lodge helps cancer families stay together even during treatment.
The American Cancer Research Society's annual New Hope Lodge program helps families stay together during treatment.
Indonesia has also severely limited the import volume of the cocoa bean for the domestic industry.
Indonesia has limited import and volume of the cocoa bean grown for both the domestic industry.
Indonesia currently has limited import and volume of cocoa bean for the Indonesian agricultural domestic industry.
Indonesia has a limited import volume of cocoa and bean for the Indonesian agricultural domestic industry.
Indonesia has severely limited the import volume of processing the cocoa bean for the domestic industry.
Allenstown East rallied back, to defeat Columbus Grove 50.
Allenstown - East rallied to defeat the Columbus Grove 50.
Allen East rallied to defeat the Columbus Union at Grove 50.
Allenstown - East rallied to easily defeat Columbus Grove 50.
Allentown - East rallied to defeat Columbus Union Grove 50.
The Hillside Avenue tunnel itself also has re - opened.
The old Hillside Avenue tunnel has retro - opened.
The Hillside Avenue subway tunnel itself has re - opened.
The old Hillside Avenue tunnel system has re - opened.
The Hillside Park Avenue tunnel has been re - opened.
A man was also arrested on Friday investigating a burglary charge.
A man was arrested on just a minor attempted burglary charge.
A young black man, was arrested on a burglary charge.
A third man also was arrested, on a burglary charge.
A man was also arrested on a minor home burglary charge.
A basketball team head - coach has again been denied bond.
A basketball coach has once again long since been denied bond.
A basketball coach has also once and again been denied bond.
A former basketball head coach who has again been denied bond.
A single former basketball head coach has again been denied bond.
Univision ranked as the # 2 broadcast cable television network, ranking among both Adults Adults 18 - 34, and Adults 18 49, out - delivering.
Univision ranked as being the national # 2 broadcast television network among both Adults 18 - under 34, and among Adults 18 49, out - delivering.
Univision ranked as being the # 2 national broadcast network, among adults both Adults 18 25 - under 34 and Adults 18 49, out - delivering.
Univision ranked as being the # 2 broadcast network among both Adults 18 + and - under 34 and Adults Under 18 - 49, out - delivering.
Univision was ranked as being on the # 2 broadcast network among adults both Adults 18 - 34 and 2nd among Adults 18 49, out - delivering.
New Zealand mother EVAN RACHELS THEY WOOD is struggling to get as she also suffers separation anxiety.
New - Zealand mother EVAN RACHELL WOOD is also struggling hard to get as she suffers separation anxiety.
New mother, EVAN RACHEL WOOD is struggling to get get better, as she suffers from separation anxiety.
New Zealand foster mother, EVAN RACHEL WOOD is also struggling to get as she also suffers separation anxiety.
New mother, Miss EVAN RACHEL WOOD is struggling to get to get as she also suffers separation anxiety.
The hiker killed by himself in a fall was deported from Canada.
The hiker killed himself in case a rock fall was from Canada.
The hiker was killed in case of a fall was from Canada.
The last hiker killed in a fallout was evacuated from Canada.
The only hiker ever killed in such a fall was from Canada.
THEY United States was not seeking to help China build permanent bases anywhere in the Philippines.
THE United States Navy was not seeking permission to further build any permanent bases in the Philippines.
THE United States Navy was also not only actively seeking to build permanent bases in the Philippines.
THE United States was not seeking permission to build any permanent bases in either either the Philippines.
THEN The United States was not seeking US permission to build permanent bases in the Philippines.
Rodriguez was suspended through the 2014 season, but can still still play professionally, after successfully filing an appeal.
Rodriguez was suspended through the 2014 season, but can still still play after filing paperwork necessary for an appeal.
Rodriguez was suspended through the 2014 MLS season, but can now play professionally again after successfully filing an appeal.
Rodriguez was suspended midway through the 2014 NFL season, but can play after filing for filing such an appeal.
Rodriguez however was suspended through the 2014 MLS season, but can play again after not successfully filing an appeal.
Anthony Davison is on pace to become the youngest player to average 20 + career career points, and grab 10 rebounds.
Anthony Michael Davis is on pace to now become, also the youngest player to ever average 20 points and grab 10 rebounds.
Anthony - Davis is on the pace to become the youngest NBA player to average just over 20 points and grab 10 rebounds.
Anthony Michael Davis is on pace, looking to become the youngest player to ever ever average 20 career points and 10 rebounds.
Anthony Michael Davison is on pace to finally become the youngest player ever to average 20 career points and grab 10 rebounds.
A MAN was killed in driving their patrol car and crashed on the Wakehurst Parkway at Seaforth.
A very second US MAN was killed their car and crashed on the Wakehurst Parkway at Seaforth.
A MAN was killed also killed their car crashed on to cross the Wakehurst Parkway at Seaforth.
A MAN was killed their car crashed on the nearby Old Wakehurst Memorial Parkway bridge at Seaforth.
A MAN was killed their own car and it crashed on the Wakehurst Parkway bridge at Seaforth.
David Cameron met with Western Australia's minister, Tony Abbott.
David Cameron has also personally met Australia's minister Tony Abbott.
David Cameron met with Australia's prime minister, Tony Abbott.
David Cameron met Australia's prime minister, Sir Tony Abbott.
David David Cameron met Australia's first prime minister Tony Abbott.
Jennifer Lopez, is launching into her own 20th fragrance.
Jennifer Jennifer Lopez, is launching her own 20th fragrance.
Jennifer Lopez Jennifer - Lopez is launching her 20th fragrance.
Jennifer - Lopez, is launching her new 20th fragrance.
Jennifer Lopez, is launching herself into her 20th fragrance.
Ryan Briscoe has since also undergone successful surgery.
Ryan - Briscoe has undergone a successful surgery.
Ryan Briscoes, has undergone successful surgery.
Ryan - Briscoes has undergone successful surgery.
Ryan Briscoes, has undergone successful surgery.
Rains also have helped slow down a massive Southern California wildfire.
Rains have also helped slow down a massive Southern California wildfire.
Rains also helped slow a potentially massive Southern, California wildfire.
Rains have also helped slow a massive Southern, California wildfire.
Rains helped to slow a potentially massive, Southern California wildfire.
The US Royal Navy has deployed an amphibious amphibious assault ship to patrol the Mediterranean.
The Canadian US Royal Canadian Navy has also deployed an amphibious ship to the Mediterranean.
The US Navy also recently has deployed an American amphibious assault ship to the Mediterranean.
The US Navy itself has almost never deployed an amphibious ship directly to the Mediterranean.
The former US Royal Canadian Navy has deployed such an amphibious ship to the Mediterranean.
Pakistan is likely to also import much more efficient electricity from Iran.
Pakistan is now also more likely to import more electricity from Iran.
Pakistan is also likely planning to import more electricity directly from Iran.
Pakistan is likely to also import much more efficient electricity from Iran.
Pakistan, also is likely to import more electricity directly from Iran.
A man allegedly tried to physically choke alcohol on his female partner after she had woke over with a text message, the High Court heard.
A man allegedly tried unsuccessfully to choke on his partner, after to which she woke over a text - message, the High Court heard.
A man allegedly tried to choke his partner after which she woke over a sexually threatening text message, the Jakarta High Administrative District Court heard.
A man allegedly tried to choke his partner after she woke over with such a threatening text - message, the Delhi State High Court heard.
A man allegedly tried to choke on his partner after which she, too had woke over a text - message, the High Court heard.
Arsene Wenger still can't even see the entire transfer window being changed.
Arsene Wengert still can't see the entire transfer window being changed.
Arsene disappears and Wenger can't even see the transfer window being changed.
Arsene Wenger can't see the transfer window or window is being changed.
Arsene Wenger can't see the entire transfer - window window being changed.
Bank Bank of North America itself is facing new probes.
Bank of North America is currently facing two new probes.
Bankers Bank of America is also facing new probes.
Bank and Bank of North America is facing new probes.
Bank of America is now also facing two new probes.
It's time the new supermarkets were brought in ready to book.
It's about time that the supermarkets were being brought to book.
It's about the time the supermarkets themselves were brought to book.
It's time the supermarkets themselves, were being brought to book.
It's time that all the new supermarkets were brought to book.
Software people also are increasingly taking over traditional and more basic industries.
Software people are now taking control over traditional and more basic industries.
Software people are now taking control over traditional agriculture and basic industries.
Software people are taking over the most traditional services and basic industries.
Software people are taking over all the traditional agriculture and basic industries.
UN chemical weapons inspectors then immediately returned home to Syria.
UN personnel and chemical - weapons inspectors returned to Syria.
UN chemical - weapons weapons inspectors were returned to Syria.
UN weapons and chemical weapons weapons inspectors returned to Syria.
UN chemical weapons inspectors then returned with them to Syria.
I never once said that Kejriwal is corrupt.
I have never said Kejriwali is corrupt.
I never once said Kejriwali is corrupt.
I never once said that Kejriwal is corrupt.
I never said Kejriwali which is corrupt.
Mobile Health Services has rolled - out a workplace vaccination program.
Mobile Health rolled out of a new national workplace vaccination program.
Mobile Community Health rolled roll - out a workplace vaccination program.
Mobile County Community Health rolled - out a workplace vaccination program.
Mobile Health rolled out of a new workplace and vaccination program.
Andre Villas - De'Boas has since been sacked as Tottenham Hotspur manager.
Andre Villasch - Boasmann has been sacked as the Tottenham Hotspur manager.
Andre Villas Pérez - Boas has been recently sacked as the Tottenham Hotspur manager.
Andre Villas - Boas has been sacked, as Tottenham became Tottenham Hotspur manager.
Andres Villas - Boas has since been sacked, as Tottenham Hotspur manager.
The United States has also welcomed the recent passagerment of UNHRC resolution on Sri Lanka.
The United States has welcomed the passager of UNHRC a joint resolution based on Sri Lanka.
The continental United States has welcomed the recent passage of the UNHRC resolution on leaving Sri Lanka.
The US United States government has also welcomed the passage of UNHRC resolution on leaving Sri Lanka.
The continental United States Congress has welcomed the passager of UNHRC resolution based on Sri Lanka.
The Asian citrus tree or psyllid has been found only in Ojai Valley.
The Asian green - citrus tree psyllid has been found in Ojai Valley.
The Asian citrus psyllid has also recently been found growing in Ojai Valley.
The Asian citrus tree or psyllid has been found in the Ojai Valley.
The Asian citrus psyllida has also been found in the Ojai Valley.
Propane prices must not have been rising.
Propane oil oil prices have been rising.
Propane prices must have just been rising.
Propane crude oil prices have been rising.
Propane oil oil prices have been rising.
Filtronic plans to further broaden its product and product range.
Filtronic plans to broaden it out of its product range.
Filtronic plans plans and plans to broaden its product range.
Filtronic plans are to also further broaden its product range.
Filtronic plans plans to further broaden its product product range.
LOIC Remy's enjoying the club life back at the Newcastle United.
LOICE Remy's enjoying the club life at the Newcastle United.
LOICE Remy's enjoying the life here at the Newcastle United.
LOIC Remy's been enjoying the good club life at Newcastle United.
LOICE : Remy's enjoying the club life at Newcastle United.
Recently as 2007, all the banks were paying 4. % interest.
Recently as of 2007, banks were only paying a 4 % interest.
Recently, as as 2007, banks worldwide were paying 4 % interest.
Recently as of December 2007, banks nationwide were paying 4 % interest.
Recently, as 2007, the banks were paying a 4 % interest.
The fourth and successive Baal mela series as a programme got underway.
The fourth - successive Baal mela azad programme also got underway.
The fourth and successive Baal mela series in a programme got underway.
The fourth successive Baal - mela'a programme also got underway.
The fourth and successive Baal - mela academies programme got underway.
Top jockey Johnnie Ray Velazquez had undergone emergency surgery.
Top ranked American jockey John Velazquez had undergone emergency surgery.
Top jockey Johnnie Velazquez also later had emergency surgery.
Top jockey, Johnnie Velazquez had undergone emergency surgery.
Top American jockey, jockey John Velazquez had emergency surgery.
Firefighters who are killed battling in a wildfire south of Flagstaff.
Firefighters are battling it off a wildfire just south of Flagstaff.
Firefighters are battling a raging wildfire south - west of Flagstaff.
Firefighters are also battling down a wildfire just south of Flagstaff.
Firefighters who are killed battling a wildfire south west of Flagstaff.
South Sudanese rebels then withdrew with a strong threat to boycott peace talks.
South Sudanese rebels also officially withdrew as a threat to boycott peace talks.
South Sudanese rebels withdrew a very strong threat to boycott the peace talks.
South Sudanese rebels withdrew with only a threat to boycott the peace talks.
South Sudanese armed rebels withdrew with a strong threat to boycott peace talks.
Two small Japanese patrol planes collided while over the San Francisco Bay.
Two small planes collided just over in the open San Francisco Bay.
Two other two small planes then collided over the San Francisco Bay.
Two small planes had just collided just over the San Francisco Bay.
Two very small planes collided, just over the San Francisco Bay.
Last night's win was such a big huge big step forward.
Last - night's slight wince was a huge step forward.
Last night's big poker win was a huge big step forward.
Last night's win was a huge, very big step forward.
Last night's slight wince yesterday was a huge step forward.
Punjab government has decided to distribute the bicycles daily to the over 1. 5 - lakh girl students.
Punjab state government also has decided not to distribute bicycles free to over 1. 5 lakh girl students.
Punjab state government has decided to distribute bicycles to over 1. 5 lakh of the school girl students.
Punjab government also has decided not to distribute bicycles to over Rs. 1. 5 lakh girl students.
Punjab government has decided to distribute the bicycles to over 1. 5 lakh of the school girl students.
Mohammad Ishaq Dar Saturday expressed his satisfaction over the rapid progress made in successfully achieving the three new economic targets.
Mohammad - Ishaq Dar on Saturday evening expressed his satisfaction over the progress made made in achieving the economic targets.
Mohammad Ishaq Dar Saturday expressed satisfaction over the rapid economic progress he made in successfully achieving all the economic targets.
Mohammad Ishaq Dar Saturday expressed his satisfaction over the progress made in achieving almost all three of the economic targets.
Mohammad Ishaq Dar on Saturday evening expressed satisfaction over all the progress made made in successfully achieving the economic targets.
An Iowa sheriff who has fired a drunk local 911 dispatcher who apparently was caught sleeping.
An Iowa sheriff has apparently only just fired a 911 dispatcher who apparently was caught sleeping.
An assistant Iowa deputy sheriff has just fired a 911 dispatcher who was accidentally caught sleeping.
An Iowa sheriff has fired on a 911 dispatcher, one who apparently was caught sleeping.
An Iowa sheriff has fired a very drunk local 911 dispatcher, who was caught sleeping.
I spent 11 years living in the hell, she said.
I spent almost 11 years living in the hell she said.
I spent 11 years in the hell, " she said.
I spent 11 years living in this hell, she said.
I spent almost all 11 hundred years in hell she said.
Gary Van Kubiak has revealed the Houston / Houston Texans would have been actively working to get Andre Johnson fit.
Gary Kubiak has revealed that all the other former Houston Texans would have been working to get Andre Johnson fit.
Gary Van Kubiak has revealed that both the Houston Texans have also reportedly been working to get Andre Johnson fit.
Gary Kubiak has revealed the former Houston Texans may have also been actively working to get quarterback Andre Johnson fit.
Gary Kubiak has revealed the Houston Houston Texans have also been working hard hard to get quarterback Andre Johnson fit.
Adel Taarabti also has a point not to prove.
Adel Taarabti also has a good point to prove.
Adel - Taarabt has finally got a point to prove.
Adel Taarabti has a good point left to prove.
Adel - Taarabti has only a point to prove.
France 3 will join the Open Private - Government Partnership.
France will also join the European Open - Government Partnership.
France 3G will join the European Open Government Partnership.
France 3 will also join the European Open Government Partnership.
France will join in the Open Private - Government Partnership.
Iralevalamudi in the Somwarpet taluka of Kodagu district has recorded maximum annual rainfall of 84mm.
Iralevalamudi in the Somwarpet taluka of Kodagu district recorded maximum rainfall level, of 84mm.
Iralevalamudi in the Somwarpet taluk of Kodagu district recorded maximum rainfall level, average of 84mm.
Iralevalamudi in the Somwarpet taluk of Kodagu West district recorded a maximum annual rainfall of 84mm.
Iralevalamudi village in the Somwarpeta taluk of the Kodagu district recorded maximum rainfall of 84mm.
A Vietnamese sports union official has been banned from ever playing golf.
A South Vietnamese official has also been officially banned from playing golf.
A Vietnamese official has been banned almost outright, from playing golf.
A Vietnamese sports official who has been banned from ever playing golf.
A Vietnamese official has been banned outright and from ever playing golf.
CHELSEA GOT went back out to winning ways.
CHELSEA GOT back to her old winning ways.
CHELSEA GOT back down to her winning ways.
CHELSEA I GOT back to my winning ways.
CHELSEA GOT back around to her winning ways.
Borsan Istanbul 100 index was opened, with increase.
Borsan Istanbul 100 % growth index opened with increase.
Borsal Istanbul - 100 + index opened with increase.
Borsa Istanbul - 100 % index opened, with increase.
Borsa Istanbul Bank - 100 % index opened with increase.
Milk powder prices would be greatly increased, starting from midnight.
Milk powders prices there would be increased starting from midnight.
Milk and powdered prices here would be increased from midnight.
Milk powders prices would not even be increased from midnight.
Milk and powder prices here would be greatly increased from midnight.
Fred Couples took over the lead in the 1926 NASCAR Charles - Schwab Cup Championship.
Fred Couples took the early early scoring lead in the Charles Schwab Memorial Cup Championship.
Fredrick Couplesworth also took the lead in the Charles Schwab Memorial Cup Championship.
Fredrick Couples then took the lead once again in the Charles Schwab Cup Championship.
Fred Couples took over the lead in the first Charles - Albert Schwab Cup Championship.
13 : 00 36Washington, John Kerry, met with Chinese Deputy Foreign Minister Wang Yi.
13 : 36Washington, John Kerry, met with Chinese Deputy Foreign Affairs Minister Wang Yi.
13 PM : 36Washington, John Kerry, met with Chinese Deputy Foreign Minister Wang Yi.
13 : 36Washington, John Kerry, met with Chinese First Deputy Foreign Minister Wang Yi.
13 : 36Washington, John F Kerry met with Chinese Foreign Affairs Minister, Wang Yi.
Stamps. com ® today announced as being a integration partner with ShipStation.
Stamps. com ® today announced this as a integration project with ShipStation.
Stamps. com. ® today announced as a integration agreement with ShipStation.
Stamps. com ® today announced that a new integration agreement with ShipStation.
Stamps. com ® today, was announced as a integration with ShipStation.
A rare, spotted black skunk has just turned up.
A very rare spotted skunk that has just turned up.
A rare spotted black skunk dog has also turned up.
A rare, spotted skunk dog has also turned up.
A very rare, spotted black skunk has turned up.
A local Chinese tourist company has been ordered to pay him US $ 5000 after causing a horrific car crash.
A tourist company has been ordered not to ever pay $ 5000 after causing such a horrific fatal car crash.
A tourist has been falsely falsely falsely ordered not to pay him $ 5000 after causing a horrific car crash.
A fellow tourist has also been ordered to pay $ $ $ 5000 after accidentally causing a horrific car crash.
A tourist has also been ordered not to pay the $ 1 $ 5000 after causing a horrific car crash.
Vestas Energy has received a new 400 MW firmware design and order in the USA.
Vestas has received a 400 MW firm and an order is based in Dallas the USA.
Vestas has received a 400 - MW power firm and an order based in the USA.
Vestas has also received a 400 - 500 MW firmware and order in the USA.
Vestas has received a 400 MW firm and order based production line facility in the USA.
At least, 19 North Korean Navy sailors, were killed.
At least 199 other North Korean sailors aboard were killed.
At least 19 North Korean - Korean naval sailors were killed.
At least 19 North - Korean naval sailors, were killed.
Att - least 19 North - Korean sailors were killed.
Peter Bourjos would have undergone knee surgery and would miss the entire rest of the season.
Peter Bourjos would have undergone emergency shoulder surgery and miss the rest of of the season.
Peter Bourjos would later have surgery and would miss the entire rest of of the season.
Peter Bourjos would later have surgery and would also miss the entire rest of the season.
Peter Bourjos would also have surgery and would miss out the rest of of the season.
Naya Rivera has since been fired back on from Glee.
Naya Rivera Rivera Rivera has been fired back from Glee.
Naya Rivera Rivera has been recently fired back from Glee.
Naya Rivera has long since also been fired from Glee.
Naya Rivera Rivera has been fired and back from Glee.
St. Cloud police officers, are also investigating a reported sexual assault.
St. Cloud police officers are investigating a reported alleged child sexual assault.
St. - Cloud police officers are investigating a recently reported sexual assault.
St. - Cloud County police are investigating a recently reported sexual assault.
St. - Cloud police are investigating for a reported child sexual assault.
Scott - Walker plans to campaign again in the Nebraska for candidate.
Scott Walker announced plans to campaign again in the Nebraska for candidate.
Scott - Walker plans not to campaign in rural Nebraska for candidate.
Scott - Michael Walker plans to campaign in Nebraska again for candidate.
Scott Walker - Walker plans to campaign in Nebraska again for candidate.
She once got hit with her own two laptop computers, while trying to stop a thief.
She got hit with breaking the last two laptop computers while trying to stop being a thief.
She got hitched with two laptop computers while trying to stop herself being labeled a thief.
She got herself hitched up there with two laptop computers while trying to stop a thief.
She got a hit with two laptop computers, while still trying to help stop a thief.
The new Vanguard Cleaning & Systems ® City of Las Vegas branch office has opened.
The Vanguard Cleaning Systems Group, ® of Las Vegas - Vegas office has opened.
The new Vanguard Cleaning & Systems ® of Las Vegas branch office building has opened.
The Vanguard Cleaning Systems Office & Business Group ® of Las Vegas office has opened.
The new Vanguard Cleaning Systems ® of the Las Vegas office office building has opened.
Michael Michael Schumacher himself is gradually seen being woken up from a coma.
Michael Schumacher is gradually being slowly woken up from being in a coma.
Michael Michael Michael Schumacher, is gradually being woken up from a coma.
Michael Michael Schumacher himself is shown gradually being woken up from a coma.
Michael Schumacher is shown gradually being very slowly woken up from a coma.
The ongoing political conflict is deterring green market investors, from ever coming to the UK.
The political climate conflict there is deterring green energy investors from coming back to the UK.
The political conflict is deterring green market investors from coming back home to visit the UK.
The ongoing political conflict is also deterring green investors from coming to visit in the UK.
The ongoing global political climate conflict is deterring green investors from ever coming to the UK.
The rupee fell by 60 paise against half of the dollar price in the early trade.
The Indian rupee fell by $ 60 per paise against the dollar price in early trade.
The West Indian rupee fell by about 60 per paise against the dollar in early trade.
The rupee fell by only about 60 paise inches against the US dollar in early trade.
The rupee fell slightly by 60 paise inches against the dollar in the very early trade.
Walter Mondale also underwent open heart surgery.
Walter Walter Mondale also underwent heart surgery.
Walter Walter Mondale also underwent heart surgery.
Walter Mondale also underwent open heart surgery.
Walter Walter Mondale also underwent heart surgery.
Workers later found a body while mowing in a nearby South side field.
Workers found such a body while out mowing in a South side field.
Workers found a dead body while mowing a grassy South - side field.
Workers found such a body while mowing in a South - side field.
Workers later found a body while mowing in a South - side field.
The Chicago / Chicago Blackhawks would have activated Bryan Bickell.
The Chicago Blackhawks have also also recently activated Bryan Bickell.
The Chicago Chicago Blackhawks have also activated forward Bryan Bickell.
The expansion Chicago Blackhawks have also activated forward Bryan Bickell.
The Chicago Blackhawks organization have also recently activated Bryan Bickell.
Chairman Thursday said the recent financial crisis and tightening is unwelcome.
Chairman on Thursday said recent, global financial tightening is unwelcome.
Chairman on Thursday, said recent global financial tightening is unwelcome.
Chairman on Thursday said recent financial cap - tightening is unwelcome.
Chairman Thursday said the recent, global financial tightening is unwelcome.
A particularly large mudslide in Washington State has killed three people.
A mudslide incident in northern Washington State killed another three people.
A large mudslide in northern central Washington State killed three people.
A mudslide in northern Washington, Washington State killed three people.
A mudslide occurred in Washington, State killed another three people.
Manchester City United, and Chelsea have not been told, as Edinsonni - Cavani is not for sale.
Manchester City United and Chelsea have been not told, as manager Edinson said Cavani is still not for sale.
Manchester City, United and Chelsea, have not been told, as Edinson Cavani is still not for sale.
Manchester United, and Chelsea have been not told, as Edinson - Cavani is not available yet for sale.
Manchester United and Chelsea, both have been told, as manager, Edinson Cavani, is not for sale.
Police also seizes 13 stolen firearms from a Prudence Island man.
Police also did reportedly seize 13 firearms from a Prudence Island man.
Police also seize 13 stolen firearms from a young Prudence Island man.
Police seize 13 stolen firearms from a young, Prudence Island man.
Police seize 13 stolen firearms stolen allegedly from a Prudence Island man.
Johnson City, in New York, A Police Department patrol officer is shot.
Johnson Park City, New York, A Chicago Metropolitan Police officer is shot.
Johnson City, West New - York, NY A Police officer is shot.
Johnson Park City, New York, A Bronx Police Department officer is shot.
Johnson - City, New - York, A Police officer, is shot.
Congo and the M230 rebels have signed into a peace agreement.
Congo DR and the M23 rebels have signed into a peace agreement.
Congo DR and the M23 rebels have signed into a peace agreement.
Congo and the rebel M23 rebels signed into a secret peace agreement.
Congo and then later the M230 rebels signed a peace agreement.
The last former leader of the union, Bob Crow has passed away.
The former deputy leader of the union Bob Crowe has passed away.
The leader of almost all the union, Bob Crow has passed away.
The former leader of the union, Bob Crow has since passed away.
The leaderperson of the union, Bob Crow, has passed away.
Nick Cannon has a new comedy TV - special on the way.
Nick Cannon has made a comedy TV special on all the way.
Nick Cannon has a comedy TV special going on all the way.
Nicki Cannon has a comedy - TV special on the way.
Nick Cannon has a new brand new comedy special on the way.
Diapers are usually made from jellyfish are.
Diapers are usually made from jellyfish are.
Diapers made up from the jellyfish are.
Diapers made from whatever the jellyfish are.
Diapers made up from the jellyfish are.
Security forces personnel dispatched to Salaga, Colombia have been reported directly involved in a road crash.
Security personnel dispatched, to Salaga, have been involved in causing such a major road crash.
Security personnel dispatched, to Salaga, may have also been involved in a major road crash.
Security personnel, dispatched to La Salaga, have been not directly involved in a road crash.
Security personnel, dispatched directly back to La Salaga, have been involved in a road crash.
Natural gas and futures prices were, rising, as the forecasts for cooler - spring weather boosted.
Natural - gas futures prices were, rising, as forecasts called for cooler and spring weather boosted.
Natural gas futures were, still rising, as the forecasts made for cooler springtime weather boosted.
Natural gas futures were, rising, and rising as forecasts for the cooler springtime weather boosted.
Natural - gas futures were, rising, as the weather forecasts for cooler springtime weather boosted.
Shreyas Talpade, has been specially roped to play a fictional fictional superhero in a Marathi film.
Shreyasree Talpade has been roped to play a superhero in such as a popular Marathi film.
Shreyasree Talpade has been also roped in to play a superhero in a new Marathi film.
Shreyas Talpade, who has also been roped to play a superhero in such a Marathi film.
Shreyas Talpade, has also been roped to play himself as a superhero in a Marathi film.
Doctors working in nearby Kanpur also called off their strike.
Doctors in nearby Kanpur called them off on their strike.
Doctors in Kanpur called off strikes early on their strike.
Doctors in Kanpur were called off early on their strike.
Doctors in nearby Kanpur had also called off their strike.
Salman Khan also doesn't like actors for playing negative roles.
Salman Khan doesn't really like actors playing the negative roles.
Salman Ali Khan doesn't like the actors playing negative roles.
Salman Khan doesn't like actors playing all the negative roles.
Salman Khan doesn't really like the actors playing negative roles.
Austin Mahone was hospitalized and forced temporarily to or temporarily postpone performing his concert tour.
Austin Mahoney himself was hospitalized and forced to postpone his scheduled 2014 concert tour.
Austin Mahoney was subsequently hospitalized, and forced to postpone his scheduled concert tour.
Austin Mahone was hospitalized and forced out temporarily to postpone performing his scheduled concert tour.
Austin Mahone was later hospitalized and forced again to postpone performing his scheduled concert tour.
General General Mills is offering a promotion to consumers donate food related products to food banks.
General Mills is now also offering a special promotion to donate food to local food banks.
General Mills is offering a promotion to help donate food products to local local food banks.
General General Mills is offering a special promotion to help donate food products to food banks.
General Mills is offering them a very special promotion to donate food to local food banks.
The main square area will be blocked off from view around 7 pm for filming.
The square will be blocked on - off starting from around 7 pm for filming.
The square itself will be completely blocked off starting Monday from 7 pm for filming.
The square and building itself will be blocked off from 7 pm time for filming.
The main square will be blocked shut - off from 7 : pm for filming.
Morton Grove, Lifeway Foods, Inc., and LLC will announce results for both the fourth - quarter and full year ended on December 31, 2013.
Morton, Grove, Lifeway Foods, and Apple Inc. will announce results for the entire fourth quarter and the full year ended December - 31, 2013.
Morton Grove, LLC and National Lifeway Foods, Inc. will announce results for both the upcoming fourth - quarter and full year ended December 31, 2013.
Morton, Grove, Lifeway Foods, Inc. will announce results for only in the fourth, quarter, and full year ended December, 31, 2013.
Morton Grove, Lifeway Fresh Foods, Inc. will announce the results scheduled for publication for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year ended December 31, 2013.
The class of five Rotary - sponsored doctoral scholars also has graduated.
The first class consisting of five Rotary sponsored scholars also has graduated.
The class of only five Rotary - sponsored undergraduate scholars has graduated.
The class of five Rotary sponsored by honorary doctoral scholars has graduated.
The class consisting of the five Rotary sponsored doctoral scholars has graduated.
Several local teens have been recently been arrested for allegedly illegally vandalizing a golf course.
Several teens have also been reportedly arrested recently for allegedly vandalizing a local golf course.
Several teens who have been recently arrested for allegedly illegally vandalizing of a golf course.
Several are teens who have been arrested for allegedly allegedly allegedly vandalizing a golf course.
Several teens who attended have been arrested for allegedly vandalizing signs on a golf course.
Australia were bowled out for only 295, as only the England's Stuart Broad took six wickets.
Australia were out for only 295, as the hosts England's Stuart Broad took only six wickets.
Australia were bowled all out for 295, as England's Stuart Broadhurst took only six wickets.
Australia were out for 295, as England's captain Stuart Taylor - Billy Broad took six wickets.
Australia were out for 295, as the England's Ian Stuart - Billy Broad took six wickets.
Tawanak Resources NL has requested a temporary oil trading halt.
Tawana Resources, NL has requested for a temporary trading halt.
Tawana Resources NL has also been requested for a trading halt.
Tawanawa Resources NL has also recently requested a trading halt.
Tawana Resources NLC has requested for a temporary trading halt.
Selby himself is set - up to defend in a world title - eliminator fight.
Selby is set to successfully defend himself himself in a future world title eliminator fight.
Selby is set to successfully successfully defend himself in a world title - eliminator fight.
Selby is also set to defend in a future world non - title eliminator fight.
Selby is set - up to defend himself in a world - title eliminator fight.
Dydacomp today has announced general availability and status of Freestyle Commerce.
Dydacomp has today announced general availability ahead of the Freestyle Commerce.
Dydacomp today has announced the general availability version of Freestyle Commerce.
Dydacomp today announced general online retail availability of the Freestyle Commerce.
Dydacompic today has announced general online availability of Freestyle Commerce.
Maximo Park have now also become able to launch their own beer.
Maximo Park Brewery Ltd have become keen to launch their own beer.
Maximo and Park Brewery have become to also launch their own beer.
Maximo Park have become to launch their very own and own beer.
Maximo, and Park have become to launch their very own beer.
Waqar Ahmed Al Younis was inducted into the Pakistan ICC Hall of Fame.
Waqar Ali Younis was posthumously inducted into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame.
Waqar Younis was inducted into the ICC Cricket International Halls of Fame.
Waqar Younis was inducted into the 2005 ICC Cricket World Hall of Fame.
Waqar Younis was inducted posthumously into both the ICC and Hall of Fame.
India - A Chinese passenger bus plunged into a gorge killing at - least 30 people.
India - A bus plunged down and into a gorge, killing at least 30 people.
India A bus plunged back down river into in a gorge killing at least 30 people.
India Railways disaster - A passenger bus plunged into a gorge killing at least 30 people.
India A passenger bus was plunged into water in a gorge killing at least 30 people.
Nelson - Nelson Mandela has made dramatic progress.
Nelson - Mandela has also made dramatic progress.
Nelson Mandela administration policy has made dramatic progress.
Nelson Mandela has made some very dramatic progress.
Nelson - Mandela has also made dramatic progress.
The new anchorman will also be visiting from Emerson College.
The anchorman will also be currently also visiting Emerson College.
The anchorman team also will be seen visiting Emerson College.
The new anchorman also will be currently visiting Emerson College.
The anchorman will be also currently visiting from Emerson College.
Indian Railways is running around 1400 coaches with 3800 bio - friendly toilets in all the various trains.
Indian Railways presently, is currently running 1400 coaches with 3800 bio - toilets available in various trains.
Indian Railways presently is running around about 1400 coaches, with 3800 bio - toilets in various trains.
Indian National Railways is running 1400 coaches with over 3800 seats with bio - toilets in various trains.
Indian Railways presently is running 1400 coaches with 3800 litre biogas - toilets in the various trains.
A second child was killed in a multi - vehicle crash, also reported in Townsend, Delaware.
A child was also killed instantly, in a fatal multi - vehicle crash in Townsend, Delaware.
A child was also reported killed in 2011 in a multi - vehicle crash in Townsend, Delaware.
A child driver was also reported killed in following a multi - vehicle crash in Townsend, Delaware.
A small second child was killed in in a multi - - vehicle crash in Townsend, Delaware.
Two other alleged drug dealers were arrested on Madison's historic Upper Southwest Side.
Two alleged illegal drug dealers were arrested on East Madison's Upper Southwest Side.
Two other alleged drug dealers were also later arrested on Madison's Southwest Side.
Two other alleged drug dealers, were arrested, on Madison's Southwest Side.
Two alleged drug - dealers were arrested, on Madison's Upper Southwest Side.
Harder the work pays off.
Harder work always pays off.
Harder work always pays off.
Hard work almost always pays off.
Hard - work always pays off.
REtailers enjoyed their second best July in just over six years.
REtailers have enjoyed perhaps perhaps their best July in six years.
REtailers have enjoyed only their second best July in six years.
REtailers enjoyed perhaps perhaps their best July in almost six years.
REtailers enjoyed perhaps their second best in July in six years.
Placer County, Roseville are also considering considering recruiting a new university from England.
Placer County, and Roseville are also considering considering recruiting a university from England.
Placer County, Roseville are also considering recruiting for a university student from England.
Placer County, Roseville, are considering recruiting for a university student from England.
Placer County, Roseville are considering recruiting for a brand new university from England.
Manchester City Manchester City United defender Phil Jones believes the European champions are building momentum.
Manchester United'defender Philly Jones also believes that the champions are building momentum.
Manchester United'defender Phil Jones believes the champions " " are " building momentum.
Manchester City United defender Phil Jones believes strongly enough that the champions are building momentum.
Manchester United defender, Phil Jones also believes the champions are actually still building momentum.
One house also, was gutted by fire, at Zubza.
One such house was later gutted by firemen at Zubza.
One house, also was gutted completely by fire at Zubza.
One house was completely completely gutted by fire aimed at Zubza.
One house also was gutted by a forest fire at Zubza.
Bears that are coming out out of hibernation.
Bears that are just coming out of hibernation.
Bears like that are coming out of hibernation.
Bears that are coming out out of hibernation.
Bears are probably just coming out of hibernation.
The initial RM10 million suit over a too large donation to the MCA filed was settled.
The RM102 million suit over a donation made to MCA was filed and was settled.
The RM102 million civil suit over a donation to the MCA filed and was settled.
The RM102 million civil suit over a cash donation to which MCA filed was settled.
The RM10 million suit over a donation he made to MCA was filed and was settled.
Harold Mitchell has predicted Carat Rock will top out again in 2014.
Harold Mitchell, has also predicted Carat 1 will top in 2014.
Harold Mitchell has predicted Carat Red will be top rated in 2014.
Harold Mitchell has since also predicted Carat will top him in 2014.
Harold Mitchell, has also predicted Carat will top out in 2014.
Gustavo Poyet can also keep helping keep Sunderland in the Premier League.
Gustavo and Poyet can keep helping Sunderland in winning the Premier League.
Gustavo Poyet can keep Sunderland in winning in the FA Premier League.
Gustavo Poyet can not keep Sunderland in the English FA Premier League.
Gustavo Fernández Poyet can keep helping Sunderland in the FA Premier League.
Maharashtra Daily Times newspaper, has expanded by launching its eighth daily edition from Ahmednagar.
Maharashtra Daily Times has expanded this by launching its eighth daily daily edition from Ahmednagar.
Maharashtra Daily Times has expanded further by launching in its eighth edition daily from Ahmednagar.
Maharashtra Times has expanded by recently, by recently launching its eighth edition from Ahmednagar.
Maharashtra Times has recently also expanded coverage by launching its eighth daily edition from Ahmednagar.
Andy Pettitte announced upon his 2015 retirement announcement from baseball.
Andy Pettitte announced of his early 2008 retirement from baseball.
Andy Pettitte announced all his early retirements from baseball.
Andy Pettitte announced his impending early - retirement from baseball.
Andy Lee Pettitte announced his retirement early on from baseball.
A Roodhouse man also apparently died later in a accident.
A young Roodhouse man died accidentally in such a accident.
A Roodhouse family man died years later in a accident.
A very young young Roodhouse man died in a accident.
A Roodhouse man died later, in just a accident.
A father died, and his son, Michael were killed after a single vehicle accident.
A father and possibly his son were both killed after a single - vehicle vehicle accident.
A single father and his son were killed, both after a single - vehicle accident.
A father and his son, were also both killed, after a single vehicle accident.
A father and possibly even his son were both killed after a single - vehicle accident.
The annual Into the Light Cancer Awareness Cancer Walk was held twice annually in Island Park and in Mt.
The 2015 Walk Into the Brightest Light Cancer Awareness Walk was also held in Island Park in Mt.
The Into the Light of Cancer Awareness Day Walk was held in both Long Island Park and in Mt.
The Intoning of the Light Cancer Awareness Memorial Walk was held in Island View Memorial Park in Mt.
The first ever Into the Bright Light Cancer Awareness Walk 2011 was also held in Island Park in Mt.
Wolves today recalled veteran striker Liam McAlinden early on from his successful initial loan spell.
Wolves today recalled striker Liamy - Shane McAlinden early on from his loan spell.
Wolves today recalled the veteran striker Liam McAlinden, early from his initial loan spell.
Wolves today recalled striker Liamy McAlinden early on returning from his successful loan spell.
Wolves today have also recalled striker Liamy McAlinden early from completing his loan spell.
India has now completely lost the political confidence of the world.
India has lost the political and confidences of the world.
India has lost the confidences of almost all the world.
India has lost all the political and confidence of the world.
India has now completely completely lost the confidence of the world.
Online and apprenticeships applications have increased.
Online apprenticeship applications may also have increased.
Online and apprenticeship applications also have increased.
Online apprenticeship applications also also have increased.
Online and apprenticeship training applications have increased.
Students also participated in Seedshow and Scoot'n.
Students participated regularly in Seedshow and Scoot'n.
Students also participated in the Seeds and Scoot'n.
Students participated very regularly in Seeds and Scoot'n.
Students participated in Seedshows and Scoot'n.
A Sauquoit County man who is currently facing charges following a domestic incident.
A Sauquoit Lake County man is facing charges, following a domestic incident.
A Sauquoit County man who is facing charges following such a domestic incident.
A young Sauquoit man is facing federal criminal charges following a domestic incident.
A Sauquoit County man who is facing charges, following a domestic incident.
The American Red Cross Society also also offers the tips used to help help prevent and thaw frozen pipes.
The North American Roman Catholic Red - Cross also offers the tips to help prevent and thaw frozen pipes.
The North American Red - Cross also offers the tips used to help prevent cracking and thaw frozen pipes.
The North American National Red - Cross offers the tips used to help to prevent and thaw frozen pipes.
The American Red - Cross also also offers the tips to help to prevent cracking and thaw frozen pipes.
A Filipino town council mayor died from heart re - attack following such an ambush.
A Filipino town council mayor later died from heart attack following such as an ambush.
A Filipino deputy town vice mayor died from heart attack, apparently following an ambush.
A Filipino - American deputy town mayor died suddenly from heart attack following an ambush.
A former Filipino town mayor died from heart attack shortly following such as an ambush.
Li and President Li Keqiang also met with Hor Namhong, and International Cooperation of Cambodia, who came.
Li and Keqiang met with Cambodian President, Hor Namhong, and International Cooperation of Cambodia, who came.
Li Keqiang met up with Hor Namhong, and International Economic Cooperation Minister of the Cambodia, who came.
Li Keqiang met up with Hor Namhong, President and International Cooperation of Cambodia, where and who came.
Li Keqiang met with Hor, Namhong, and the then International Economic Cooperation of Cambodia, who came.
A North Branch man has pleaded guilty twice to felony sexual assault and identity - theft charges.
A North Branch Marion County man has since pleaded guilty to felony sexual assault and theft charges.
A very young, North Branch young man has pleaded guilty to felony assault and theft charges.
A North Branch man has since pleaded not guilty to felony sexual assault and identity theft charges.
A North Central Branch man who has pleaded guilty to felony assault charges and identity theft charges.
A fire gutted a small nearby Ridgewood barn.
A fire had gutted half a Ridgewood barn.
A fire that had gutted a Ridgewood barn.
A small fire gutted half a Ridgewood barn.
A fire had gutted a nearby Ridgewood barn.
Soap opera stars ALAN HALSALLE and LUCY - JOON HUDSON became parents.
Soap opera stars ALAN HALSALLE and LUCY - JOON HUDSON became parents.
Soap stars ALANGE HALSALL and actress LUCY - JOON HUDSON became parents.
Soap opera stars, ALAN HALSALLE and LUCY - JO HUDSON became parents.
Soap opera stars, ALAN HALSALLE and LUCY - JO HUDSON became parents.
Mata has signed up, and he will wear the number 8 shirt.
Mata has been signed and will also now wear the number 8 shirt.
Mata has signed and he will wear the new club number 8 shirt.
Matas has signed permanently and will now wear the number 8 shirt.
Mata has signed and will now wear only the new number 8 shirt.
Cold War, the series, of which is returning again to CNN.
Cold War, the original series, is now also returning to CNN.
Cold War, like the series, it is now returning to CNN.
Cold War, like in the series, also is returning to CNN.
Cold War, the last remaining original series, is returning to CNN.
A rally in honoring the memory of Senator Trayvon Martin will also be being held from Saturday to 3 pm in Veterans Park in Lorain.
A rally held in the memory of former Governor Trayvon Martin will be also held Saturday to 3 pm, in Veterans Park in Lorain.
A rally held in memory of Trayvon Martin will be being held Saturday to 3 10 : 00 pm in Veterans Memorial Park in Lorain.
A rally held in the fond memory of Trayvon Martin will be also held Saturday to 3 10 : pm in Veterans Park in Lorain.
A major national memorial rally in the memory of Trayvon Martin will be held from Saturday to 3 pm, in Veterans Park in Lorain.
Japanese Japanese auto makers cut off domestic production.
Japanese Japanese auto makers also cut domestic production.
Japanese Japanese auto makers cut off domestic production.
Japanese autoclave - makers cut domestic production.
Japanese auto makers also drastically cut domestic production.
Martine Biron will start in goal, as all the Rangers take part in Blues.
Martine Bironça will also start in goal as the Free Rangers take in Blues.
Martin Biron will start in goal as not all the other Rangers take part in Blues.
Martin Biron will also start in goal as the Rangers defencemen will take in Blues.
Martin Bironça will start in the goal, as the Rangers will take in Blues.
Malcolm Frankie - Muniz revealed he himself had just suffered another mini - stroke.
Malcolm Frankie Muniz later revealed that he had just suffered another mini - stroke.
Malcolm and Frankie Muniz revealed he himself himself had suffered another mini - stroke.
Malcolm and Frankie Muniz revealed he believed himself had suffered another mini - stroke.
Malcolm McLaren and surgeon Frankie Muniz revealed he had suffered another mini - stroke.
Ontario politics also appears headed toward another parliamentary minority government.
Ontario appears strongly headed toward another Progressive Conservative minority government.
Ontario appears strongly headed toward forming yet another minority government.
Ontario also now appears strongly headed toward another minority government.
Ontario appears headed toward forming another federal parliamentary minority government.
Asset manager of TIAA - CREFI will also buy Nuveen Investments.
Asset manager TIAAK - CREF will buy out De Nuveen Investments.
Asset management manager TIAA - CREFI will buy out Nuveen Investments.
Asset manager TIAA - based CREF will buy - out Nuveen Investments.
Asset manager TIAA - CREFI will also buy out Nuveen Investments.
Stefan Wilson will also make his NASCAR IndyCar debut, at Baltimore.
Stefan Wilson will also also make his IndyCar debut, at Baltimore.
Stefan Wilson will make his IndyCar Series debut, starting at Baltimore.
Stefan Wilson will make up for his 2017 IndyCar debut at Baltimore.
Stefan Wilson, will make up his IndyCar debut, at Baltimore.
The president emeritus, of Electric Boat says that the company's outlook today is strong.
The president emeritus, of American Electric Boat says the company's business outlook is strong.
The vice president of American Electric Boat Company, says the company's outlook is strong.
The president emeritus of the Electric Power Boat International says the company's outlook is strong.
The vice president of Electric Boat says that the company's current business outlook is strong.
I was thankfully grateful to the Lord.
I really was thankfully to the Lord.
I was thankful to thanking the Lord.
I was thankfully grateful to the Lord.
I really was thankfully to the Lord.
Yo Yo - Yo Yo Honey Singh is set to make his acting career debut in Bollywood.
Yo Yo Honey, Singh is also set to make his acting and career debut in Bollywood.
Yo - Yo - Honey Singh is set up to make his acting career debut in Bollywood.
Yo Yo, Honey Singh, is set to make himself his Bollywood acting debut in Bollywood.
Yo Yo Honey, Singh, is set to make his acting career debuts in Bollywood.
Nintendo Power is ending the production process of Wii console.
Nintendo is ending all production support out of Wii console.
Nintendo DS is ending production and support of Wii console.
Nintendo Power also is ending production of the Wii console.
Nintendo Power Group is ending production of the Wii console.
Residents also were rescued from outside their balconies.
Residents were also partially rescued from their balconies.
Residents were rescued safely away from their balconies.
Residents were also partially rescued from their balconies.
Residents there also were rescued from their balconies.
Egypt is forging ahead, on to the far right path, said.
Egypt is forging ahead on the far - rightmost path, said.
Egypt is forging ahead, and on the far right path, said.
Egypt is forging ahead, on just about the right path, said.
Egypt is just forging ahead, on just the right path, said.
Chrissie Robshawe has warned Scotland.
Chris Robshaw has also previously warned Scotland.
Chrissie - Robshaw has warned Scotland.
Chrissie Robshaw has also warned Scotland.
Chrissie - Robshaw has warned Scotland.
Madonna apologised herself for using such as a racial slur.
Madonna apologised herself for using a racial and racial slur.
Madonna apologised to herself for using such a racial slur.
Madonna apologised for using such as a perceived racial slur.
Madonna apologised herself, for allegedly using a racial slur.
NASCAR has tweaked its own restart rules.
NASCAR has tweaked up its restart rules.
NASCAR also has tweaked its restart rules.
NASCAR has tweaked up its restart rules.
NASCAR tweaked its own automatic restart rules.
There is also a pressure that is building at the Schalke on me.
There is also a pressure point that is at the Schalke on me.
There is a great pressure here that he is at Schalke on me.
There is such a pressure all along that is at Schalke on me.
There really is such a pressure that is at the Schalke on me.
Iraq also will also host an international counter - - terrorism conference.
Iraq will host an annual international counter counter counter - terrorism conference.
Iraq, will also host an international Islamic counter - terrorism conference.
Iraq will also host an international and international counter - terrorism conference.
Iraq, will also later host an international counter - terrorism conference.
A young woman who was found dead.
A woman was later also found dead.
A woman who was later found dead.
A woman who survived was found dead.
A woman who survived was found dead.
Few other people have ever sought exemptions from meeting the Obamacare requirement.
Few people would have otherwise ever sought exemptions from the Obamacare requirement.
Few people have ever sought exemptions directly exempt from the Obamacare requirement.
Few people would have sought tax exemptions from meeting the Obamacare requirement.
Few people otherwise eligible would have sought exemptions from the Obamacare requirement.
A Atlanta black woman who died has been recently sentenced in an identity theft scheme.
A Atlanta, black woman has been sentenced in to commit an identity theft scheme.
A beautiful young Atlanta woman who has been sentenced in to an identity theft scheme.
A Atlanta woman who has been sentenced in prison to run an identity theft scheme.
A Atlanta black woman who has been sentenced in to an identity - theft scheme.
John Wood Group Holdings, PLC said that it has acquired a Canadian engineering company.
John Wood Group PLC has also said that it has acquired Canadian electrical engineering company.
John Wood Group PLC has said it has recently been also acquired Canadian engineering company.
John & Woodbridge Group Holdings PLC said it has also acquired Canadian engineering company.
John Wood Group Holdings PLC said it, has recently also acquired Canadian engineering company.
Barack Obama, also has warned that religious violence has no place.
Barack Obama, has also warned religious violence that has no place.
Barack - Obama has warned that religious religious violence has no place.
Barack Obama has been also warned religious violence has taken no place.
Barack Obama has warned that religious and religious violence has no place.
A young Connemaran man is now being carefully laid to rest.
A very young Connemara man is now finally being laid to rest.
A very young Connemara man is now being laid down to rest.
A young young, Connemaran man is being laid to rest.
A young Connemara maniac, is now being laid to rest.
Seattle Metro is just getting the first new bitcoin ATM machine.
Seattle is getting the very very first ever bitcoin ATM machine.
Seattle State University is also getting the first bitcoin ATM machine.
Seattle University is getting the first commercialized bitcoin ATM machine.
Seattle Metro is getting into the very first bitcoin ATM machine.
Mountain Ranges and Grand River Junction have both also joined On The wrestling rankings.
Mountain, Range, and Grand Junction counties have joined the On The wrestling rankings.
Mountain Range and Mount Grand - Junction, both have joined On The wrestling rankings.
Mountain and Range and the Mount Grand Junction have also joined On The wrestling rankings.
Mountain and Ranges, and Grand Junction, have joined On The wrestling rankings.
The 2018 Minnesota Minnesota Twins have placed / Jason " Bartlett on the designated disabled list.
The 2018 Minnesota Twins baseball season have placed Kevin / Jason Bartlett on the disabled list.
The Minnesota Twins have placed / retired Jason " " Bartlett on to the disabled list.
The Minnesota Twins have placed / retired Jason " Bartlett on the designated / disabled list.
The Minnesota Minnesota Twins also have placed / activated Jason Lee Bartlett on the disabled list.
UBS also upgraded the Mallinckrodt to Buy.
UBS later upgraded the Mallinckrodt to Buy.
UBS upgraded Mallinckrodt to Buy to Buy.
UBS also upgraded the Mallinckrodt to Buy.
UBS also has upgraded Mallinckrodt to Buy.
The US FHFA Bank is seeking $ $ 6 billion loan from Bank of North America in a settlement.
The former US FHFA is currently seeking $ $ US 6 billion from Bank of America in a settlement.
The FHFA is seeking $ $ 6 billion from Bankers of America shareholders, resulting in a settlement.
The FHFA Group LLC is seeking $ 6 billion from Bankers of America shareholders in reaching a settlement.
The FHFA is seeking $ 6 billion dollars in loan from the Bank of America in reaching a settlement.
Some South African Union gold miners had also ended their strike.
Some 300 South African Union gold - miners ended their strike.
Some South - West African gold - miners ended their strike.
Some two hundred South African gold miners endedorse their strike.
Some of 300 South - African gold miners ended their strike.
An Iowan woman who gave birth to 3 successive generations of her own grandchildren.
An elderly Northern Iowa woman gave the birth to all 3 of her own grandchildren.
An Iowan woman who later gave birth to all 3 of her own grandchildren.
An Iowa woman who gave birth to children twice to 3 of her own grandchildren.
An Iowa woman gave giving birth to twice to 3 generations of her own grandchildren.
Neck Deep have announced for 2018 their upcoming Australian tour.
Neck Deep also have announced their upcoming 2018 Australian tour.
Necks Are Deep and have announced their Australian tour.
Necks Are Neck Deep have announced their Australian tour.
Neck Deep have announced for 2018 their first Australian tour.
Pope Francis has declared both his predecessors John Paul, XXIII and John Paul II saints.
Pope Francis has declared his John XXIII pope and his John and John Paul II saints.
Pope Francis II has declared his John XXIII and Pope John and John Paul II saints.
Pope Francis has also officially declared his John XXIII and John and Paul II II saints.
Pope Pope Francis has declared his sons John XXIII pope and Pope John Paul II saints.
Rafael Nadal, Robert Novak and Djokovic, who are confirmed for the exhibition league.
Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic, are also confirmed for the upcoming international exhibition league.
Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic, and are also not confirmed for the exhibition league.
Rafael de Nadal, Novak Djokovic, are also confirmed for the upcoming exhibition league.
Rafael Rafael Nadal, and Novaković Djokovic, are confirmed for the exhibition league.
A Houston man is also accused of trafficking in children used for sex.
A young Houston man is falsely accused of trafficking children in for sex.
A Houston man who is accused of trafficking in young children for sex.
A young, Houston man is accused of trafficking in children for sex.
A Houston man is accused of illegally trafficking children in Mexico for sex.
Sally Bercow is deeply unsuited to even being elected the House Speaker's wife.
Sally Bercowitz is also deeply unsuited to her being the Speaker's wife.
Sally Bercow is deeply unsuited even more to being the Lord Speaker's wife.
Sally Bercow is also deeply felt unsuited to being the Lord Speaker's wife.
Sally Bercowitz is deeply emotionally - unsuited to being the Speaker's wife.
Police'cars themselves'are damaged and a man is arrested.
Police cars are damaged and even a young man there is arrested.
Police cars are damaged, and eventually a maniac is arrested.
Police cars themselves are badly damaged and eventually a man is arrested.
Police cars themselves are also badly damaged and a man is arrested.
Alfonzo Dennard claims he also did not fail in a school sobriety test.
Alfonzo Dennard also claims he himself did not fail such a sobriety test.
Alfonzo Dennard claims he did not fail on such as a sobriety test.
Alfonzo Dennard claims that he did indeed not fail such a sobriety test.
Alfonzo Dennard claims that he also did not fail on a sobriety test.
Geri Halliwell admits that what her single, Half Of Me, is.
Geri Halliwell, admits that her single Half Part Of Me, is.
Geri Halliwell also openly admits her single, Half Of Me, is.
Geri Halliwell also admits her single Half Of You, Me, is.
Gerin Halliwell admits that, her single Half Of Me, is.
A young Bainbridge Island man was killed in such a fiery crash.
A Bainbridge - Kent Island man was killed in a fiery crash.
A Bainbridge man was also killed in such a massive fiery crash.
A young, Bainbridge man was killed instantly in a fiery crash.
A Bainbridge maniac was also killed in a subsequent fiery crash.
England have now only taken the three wickets after lunch.
England have only ever taken three Test wickets after lunch.
England would probably have only taken three wickets after lunch.
England have by now taken only three wickets after lunch.
England then would have only taken three wickets after lunch.
Proton - Motor Fuel Cell GmbH, has announced the upcoming commercial launch of a new higher power fuel cell stack.
Proton Motor Fuel Cell GmbH has announced the upcoming launch date of such a higher - power fuel - cell stack.
Proton Motor Fuel Cell GmbH, has announced for the launch of a higher high - end power fuel cell stack.
Proton Motor Fuel Cell GmbH has also recently announced the upcoming launch of a higher power fuel - cell cell stack.
Proton Motor Fuel Cell GmbH has announced plans for the launch of a new higher - power fuel - cell stack.
Reebok has since also signed actor David and John Abraham.
Reeboks has signed actor, and director John Abraham.
Reebok Films, has signed the actor and John Abraham.
Reebok has signed the American actor and director John Abraham.
Reebok has signed the same name actor and John Abraham.
A NURSE officer accused that of this a string of blunders could not be struck off.
A few NURSE accused of a longstanding long string of blunders could be struck off.
A NURSE was accused of a string of blunders that could not easily be struck off.
A single single NURSE accused him of a string which of blunders could be struck off.
A NURSE accused of a very long, string of blunders that could be struck off.
A cell - phone phone store in downtown LaFayette was burglarized.
A small local cell phone store in LaFayette County was burglarized.
A cell - phone store in LaFayette County, was burglarized.
A cell - phone phone store in downtown LaFayette was burglarized.
A cell - phone convenience store in LaFayette County was burglarized.
Yeshiva University has also announced that Professor Dr. Selma Botman will serve her as the University's new next vice president for academic affairs and provost.
Yeshiva International University announced Dr. Selmar Botmann will also serve as the University's next vice president, responsible for academic affairs and provost.
Yeshiva University has announced Dr. Rabbi Selma Botmann will serve as the National Hebrew University's next executive vice president for academic affairs and provost.
Yeshiva University has announced recently that Dr. Selma Botman will serve as the University's next vice - president for both academical affairs and provost.
Yeshiva International University has announced Dr. Selma Botman will serve as the University's next executive vice - president for student academic affairs, and provost.
The economic fundamentals principles of the political economy remained strong.
The fundamentals principles characteristic of developing the economy remained strong.
The fundamentals of developing the economy have always remained strong.
The economic fundamentals and principles of the economy remained strong.
The fundamentals of developing the new national economy remained strong.
HDFC World Bank is also planning to open over 3000 new branches.
HDFC Bank is now also planning to open over 300 brand new branches.
HDFC Bank is planning to eventually open - up over 300 new branches.
HDFC World Bank is also planning to open up over 300 new branches.
HDFC Bank is also planning recently to open over 3000 new branches.
Maria de Villota has also been found presumed dead, in only a hotel room.
Maria de Villota has been found, shot and dead in a Madrid hotel room.
Maria de Villota, has been found and shot - dead in a hotel room.
Maria de Villota has long - since been found dead in a Madrid hotel room.
Maria de Villota has also been found shot dead in to in a hotel room.
3EX Company has been released as a supply chain product compliance platform.
3E Company Limited has released a supply side - chain product compliance platform.
3EX Company has released a supply chain, product and compliance platform.
3EX Company Limited has released a supply - chain product compliance platform.
3E Company Limited has released both a supply chain product and compliance platform.
Peter O'Mahony has reportedly also warned Ireland.
Peter Patrick O'Mahony, has warned Ireland.
Peter O'Mahony, has also warned Ireland.
Peter O'Mahony, has also warned Ireland.
Peter O'Mahony has also previously warned Ireland.
Paradox Interactive have recently also announced The War of the Vikings.
Paradox Interactive have announced The Last Warlord of the Vikings.
Paradox Interactive would have announced Warlords of the Vikings.
Paradox Interactive also would have announced Warlord of the Vikings.
Paradox Interactive also would have announced War of all the Vikings.
Neuroscientists have shown that they can plant false memories from deep in to the brains.
Neuroscientists have also shown they also, can plant false dream memories in the brains.
Neuroscientists have shown they can also plant - out false memories in half the brains.
Neuroscientists have shown they can sometimes also plant - out false memories in the brains.
Neuroscientists also, have also shown they can plant false memories deep in the brains.
Tata Consultancy and Services announced an partnership with Microsoft called Microsoft Business Solutions.
Tata Consultancy and Business Services announced an international partnership with Microsoft Business Solutions.
Tata Consultancy Services has announced an exclusive partnership agreement with Microsoft Business Solutions.
Tata Consultancy Services has announced in an partnership with the Microsoft Business Solutions.
Tata Consultancy and Services announced an partnership agreement with Microsoft and Business Solutions.
Netflix has also ordered a psychological thriller television series exclusively from Damages creators.
Netflix has ordered a psychological - thriller series exclusively commissioned from Damages creators.
Netflix has ordered for a new psychological thriller series exclusively from Damages creators.
Netflix has ordered a new psychological thriller television series from the Damages creators.
Netflix has ordered a psychological horror action - thriller series from Damages creators.
Hhgregge will open a new store in downtown the Bloomington, Ind. area.
Hhgregg will open up a store in the Bloomington, Indiana, Ind. area.
Hhgregg will open up a second store in the Greater Bloomington, Ind. area.
Hhgregg will open up a storefront in the Bloomington, Indiana Ind. area.
Hhgregg will open a brand new store in the downtown Bloomington, Ind. area.
Cicchetti still opens today.
Cicchetti still opens today.
Cicchetti still opens today.
Cicchetti still opens today.
Cicchetti still opens today.
Swissport AG, will acquire Servisair.
Swissport AG will also acquire Servisair.
Swissport AG will also acquire Servisair.
Swissport AG will also acquire Servisair.
Swissport will later also acquire Servisair.
Former New Orleans mayor Rayne Nagini has also been convicted.
Former New Orleans Orleans Parish mayor, Ray Nagin has been convicted.
Former New - Orleans mayor Rayburn Nagin has also been convicted.
Former former New Orleans Parish mayor Rayburn Nagin has been convicted.
Former former ex - New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin has been convicted.
John Cartwright, who has now turned with to him the soapy football trick to help the Titans break out their Canterbury hoodoo.
John Cartwright, has turned up with the soapy Australian - rules football trick to finally help the Titans break their Canterbury hoodoo.
John Cartwright has turned with him on the soapy Australian football hat - trick to help help the Titans break their Canterbury hoodoo.
Johnnie Ray Cartwright has now turned with the soapy football trick to help help him help the Titans break their Canterbury hoodoo.
John Cartwright, has turned up along with the latest soapy football trick to hopefully help help the Titans break their Canterbury hoodoo.
Aquino III has arrived back in Zamboanga.
Aquino III has arrived back in Zamboanga.
Aquino III has since arrived in Zamboanga.
Aquino has since also arrived in Zamboanga.
Aquino has just arrived back in Zamboanga.
Arsenal have taken the appropriate action taken against academy head coach Mark Arber.
Arsenal have taken appropriate action against the academy head coach, Mark Arber.
Arsenal have taken appropriate action against firing the former academy coach Mark Arber.
Arsenal have taken appropriate disciplinary action against the academy coach, Mark Arber.
Arsenal have taken appropriate action against the academy under head coach Mark Arber.
Beneficial bacteria usually arrive via human breast milk.
Beneficial human food bacteria arrive via breast milk.
Beneficial food and bacteria arrive via breast milk.
Beneficial bacteria arrive, mainly via breast milk.
Beneficial bacteria usually arrive via the breast milk.
An Etowahkin County jail inmate died.
An other Etowah County jail inmate died.
An other Etowahka County inmate died.
An other Etowahkin County inmate died.
An Etowah Falls County jail inmate died.
David welcomed in with their baby girl.
David welcomed her their first baby girl.
David welcomed in with their baby girl.
David welcomed them in their baby girl.
David welcomed their very first baby girl.
Today's Spain Serbia vs. Macedonia live stream is not part of, the 2013 FIBA EuroBasket schedule.
Today's Spain Serbia vs. Macedonia video live stream is a currently not part of 2013 EuroBasket schedule.
Today's Spain vs. Greece FIBA Macedonia live stream is not part of of the 2013 EuroBasket schedule.
Today's FIBA Spain vs. Macedonia live stream is not part of 2013 FIBA Basketball Europe EuroBasket schedule.
Today's Spain vs. Macedonia video live - stream is not part of 2013 FIBA FIBA EuroBasket schedule.
Violence elsewhere in Iraq has killed 11 people.
Violence in Iraq killed about twenty 11 people.
Violence in northern Iraq reportedly killed 11 people.
Violence in northern Iraq killed about 11 people.
Violence in Iraq killed only about 11 people.
A woman is thought to have also later become possibly the first person ever to be jailed for online trolling herself.
A woman is thought to have become the first homeless person ever ever to ever be jailed, for trolling herself.
A woman is often thought to also have become the first transgender person to ever be legally jailed for trolling herself.
A young woman is thought likely to have become the first person ever ever to ever be jailed for trolling herself.
A woman, who is widely thought to have become perhaps the first person to be jailed for online trolling herself.
A UNDP General Assembly session was opened in downtown New York.
A new UN General - Assembly session was opened in New York.
A new UN General Assembly special session opened up in New York.
A UNEP General Assembly session was also opened in New York.
A second UN General Assembly session opened in downtown, New York.
Police are looking out for the man who robbed of entering the Central Bank of America.
Police and officers are looking for the man, who has robbed the Bank of America.
Police are looking for : the man, who has just robbed the Bank of America.
Police are also looking for the man, one of who robbed the Bank of America.
Police are also looking for : the maniac who robbed the bankrupt Bank of America.
Edward Edward Snowden permission was granted to leave a small Moscow airport.
Edward Snowden was also granted to permission not leave a Moscow airport.
Edward Snowden was later also granted to leave a new Moscow airport.
Edward Edward Snowden was not granted permission to leave a Moscow airport.
Edward Snowden was also granted to leave it at a Moscow airport.
A delegation called out attacks on President President - elect Mamnoon Hussain.
A delegation was called on President President - elect, Mamnoon Hussain.
A delegation called on the President - General elect, Mamnoon Hussain.
A Pakistani delegation called out on President - elect, Mamnoon Hussain.
A delegation called on President President - elect, Syed Mamnoon Hussain.
The Liberty State University Tigers women's varsity swimming and diving team won also its first conference championship.
The Liberty State University women's swimming and diving team has won its very very first conference championship.
The Liberty University women's swimming, swimming and diving team won also its first ever conference championship.
The Liberty State University women's swimming and high diving team won also, its first conference championship.
The Liberty State Christian University women's swimming and junior high diving team won its first conference championship.
Lieutenant - General Daya Chandra Ratnayake assumed duties.
Lieutenant - General Sir Daya Ratnayake assumed duties.
Lieutenant General Sir John Daya Ratnayake assumed duties.
Lieutenant - Colonel General Daya Ratnayake assumed duties.
Lieutenant General Sir Daya Chandra Ratnayake assumed duties.
Trucks stayed far enough off the road.
Trucks stayed too far off the road.
Trucks stayed too far off the road.
Trucks stayed off most of the road.
Trucks almost always stayed off the road.
Botafogo FC captain Jefferson has also praised former team - mate Clarence Seedorf.
Botafogo FC team captain Jefferson has also praised former team mate Clarence Seedorf.
Botafogo FC captain Kevin James Jefferson has praised former team mate Clarence Seedorf.
Botafogo captain Jefferson has praised former team and team - mate Clarence Seedorf.
Botafogo FC captain Jefferson has praised his former team mate, Clarence Seedorf.
A young man was shot to death outside a downtown North Miami home.
A man was shot to announce his death outside of a Miami home.
A young man was shot nearly to death just outside a Miami home.
A maniac was shot to death outside of his a Miami home.
A man was shot to his death just outside a downtown Miami home.
SunEdison, Inc. is spinning off its commercial silicon semiconductor business.
SunEdison, Inc., LLC is spinning off its semiconductor business.
SunEdison Inc. is currently spinning - off of its semiconductor business.
SunEdison, Inc., LLC is spinning off its semiconductor business.
SunEdison Inc. is now spinning - off its own semiconductor business.
The physical physical pain hurt so much.
The pain that had hurt so much.
The physical pain had hurt so much.
The pain had just hurt so much.
The pain had just hurt so much.
Robb Ford also appeared on The Today Show, on Tuesday morning.
Rob Ford also regularly appeared on The Today Show Show on Tuesday morning.
Rob Ford appeared on The Today Show, on a special Tuesday morning.
Rob Ford appeared live on the The Today Tonight Show on Tuesday morning.
Rob Ford appeared live on the The NBC Today Show on Tuesday morning.
Cold conditions have continued today in Himachal Pradesh.
Colder weather conditions continued in Himachal Pradesh.
Cold conditions have continued in northern Himachal Pradesh.
Colder weather conditions continued in Himachal Pradesh.
Cold conditions continued even in northern Himachal Pradesh.
A slow - cooker of apple bourbon pulled a pork sandwich.
A little slow - cooker apple bourbon and pulled pork sandwich.
A little, slow - cooker apple bourbon pulled pork sandwich.
A slow pressure pressure - cooker apple bourbon pulled pork sandwich.
A slow - cooker of an apple bourbon pulled pork sandwich.
The Republic of Angola Angola Angola was invited also to participate in the Europe Africa summit.
The Republic of Angola Angola was invited to participate, also in Europe - Africa summit.
The Republic of Angola, was invited to also participate in the Europe - Africa summit.
The Democratic Republic of the Angolan delegation was invited to participate in Europe Africa summit.
The Democratic Republic of Angola was invited again to also participate again in Europe Africa summit.
Randeepa never has done again.
Randeepa has not done again.
Randeepa never has done again.
Randeepa has not done again.
Randeepa never has done again.
Barack Obama also would name Caroline Kennedy as his ambassador general to Japan.
Barack Obama would name Caroline Kennedy Kennedy Kennedy, as ambassador to Japan.
Barack - Obama would later name Caroline Kennedy as US ambassador to Japan.
Barack - Obama would later name Caroline Kennedy as ambassador general to Japan.
Barack Obama would also later name Caroline Kennedy as ambassador general to Japan.
Kromek Bank has raised over £ 15m.
Kromek has raised well over £ 15m.
Kromek has also raised over £ 15m.
Kromek has since also raised £ 15m.
Kromek has also raised over £ 15m.
Lucas Neill joins them for the remainder of filming what the season subject.
Lucas Neill joins forces with them for the remainder of the season subject.
Lucas Neille, also joins for the remainder of the season subject.
Lucas Neill also briefly briefly joins for the remainder of the season subject.
Lucas Neill also joins for the remainder of ( the second season subject.
Hulu is also expanding its lineup of new and original programming.
Hulu is also expanding its existing lineups of original programming.
Hulu - TV is expanding its lineup of Chinese original programming.
Hulu is also currently expanding on its lineup of original programming.
Hulu is also expanding its lineups outside of original programming.
A Trenton police department officer stood pleading guilty not guilty.
A Trenton police officer stood pleading not guilty not guilty.
A Trenton officer who now stood pleading guilty not guilty.
A Trenton City police officer also stood pleading not guilty.
A young Trenton officer stood, clearly pleading not guilty.
THE next ever National Welsh Eisteddfod could be coming to Monmouthshire.
THE National Welsh Eisteddfod could not be missed coming to Monmouthshire.
THE Welsh National Eisteddfod team could be coming up to Monmouthshire.
THE National Eisteddfod party could not possibly be coming to Monmouthshire.
THE Welsh National Eisteddfod team members could be coming to Monmouthshire.
Perpetual Health has reported a significant price lift in funds under management.
Perpetual Health has reported a significant liftback in funds under management.
Perpetual has also reported a lift in the funds currently under management.
Perpetual has also reported a very steep lift in funds under management.
Perpetual has also reported a steep lift in funds currently under management.
Jonathan - Lee Martin has been placed on the / or non - football illnesses list, ending after the season.
Jonathan Martin has been placed back on the / non - football - related illness list, thus effectively ending the season.
Jonathan Martino has been placed on the / non - league - related football related illness list, ending the season.
Jonathan Martin has been placed back on the injured reserve / non - football related illnesses list, ending the season.
Jonathan Martin has also been placed on the / non - football related illness list, thus effectively ending off the season.
Kean State University will host Navigating Through New Jersey's Equal Economic Opportunity Act.
Kean University will also also be host Navigating New Jersey's Economic Opportunity Act.
Kean University will host the Navigating New and South Jersey's Economic Opportunity Act.
Kean University will host Navigating Through the New - Jersey's Economic Opportunity Act.
Kean University also will host Navigating New South Jersey's Equal Economic Opportunity Act.
Only a few Saudi Arabians women who had braved it and got behind the wheel in defiance of a ban.
Only a few Saudi women braved it and got behind the front left steering wheel in defiances of a ban.
Only a few Saudi women braved and got behind to the steering wheel in all the defiances of a ban.
Only a few young Saudi women braved it and then got behind to the steering wheel in defiance of a ban.
Only quite a few Saudi women braved and got behind the steering wheel, in direct defiances of a ban.
Vance McAllister was also caught on footage of him kissing a female aide.
Vance McAllister was also caught on footage kissing a beautiful young female aide.
Vance McAllister, was caught on footage kissing a young, female aide.
Vance McAllister himself was caught, based on footage kissing a female aide.
Vance - McAllister was caught on footage kissing her with a female aide.
Kylie discovers Minogue is still secretly dating Prince Andrés de Velencoso, and the couple are going to - will Kylie marry her boyfriend.
Kylie Minogue is still dating Andrés Manuel López de Velencoso and if the couple are going - will Kylie will marry with her boyfriend.
Kylie Minogue who she is is still dating Andrés de la Velencoso and the new couple are going - will Kylie marry her boyfriend.
Kylie Minogue is still dating Andrés de Velencoso, and the new new couple are going to marry - will Kylie marry her boyfriend.
Kylie discovers Minogue is still secretly secretly - dating Andrés Velencoso - and the new couple are going - will Kylie marry her boyfriend.
Gaels Monfils opened up his campaign.
Gaels Monfils opened up his campaign.
Gael Monfils opened - up his campaign.
Gaels Monfils immediately opened his campaign.
Gael Monfils immediately formally opened his campaign.
Rivals Mauritius, and the neighbouring Seychelles play games for pride.
Rivals from Mauritius and from the neighbouring Seychelles play for pride.
Rivals from Mauritius and the Seychelles also play out for pride.
Rivals Mauritius and even in the Seychelles play games for pride.
Rivals Mauritius, and the Seychelles also play games for pride.
There was a safety recall made available and on some new GM cars those vehicles are being actively sold on Craigslist.
There was a safety information recall made available on some of GM cars those vehicles are being sold with on Craigslist.
There was a very recent safety recall on the some GM cars those vehicles are being illegally sold with on Craigslist.
There was a recent safety record recall on how some GM cars those vehicles sell are being illegally sold on Craigslist.
There was also a new safety record for recall and on some GM cars those vehicles are being sold on Craigslist.
North Korea also recently has completed expansion of a nuclear centrifuge facility.
North - Korea has completed expansions of such a centrifuge facility.
North Korea has completed two expansions consisting of a centrifuge facility.
North Korea has recently completed two expansions of a centrifuge facility.
North - Korea has completed expansion of building a nuclear centrifuge facility.
Twenty - First Century Fox Inc said that, its board has appointed Lachlan Murdoch non - executive executive executive co - chairman.
Twenty Twenty - First - Century Fox, Inc said its board has appointed Lachlan Murdoch non non - executive co - chairman.
Twenty - First Century Fox Inc said that its board " has appointed " Lachlan Murdoch as non - executive co - chairman.
Twenty Twenty - First Century Fox Inc. said its executive board, has appointed Lachlan Murdoch non - executive co - chairman.
Twenty Twenty - First Century Fox Inc said that its executive board has appointed Lachlan Murdoch non - executive co - - chairman.
Easter events are expected to inject potentially many more millions more into the Tauranga economy.
Easter holiday events, are expected to inject many millions more into the Tauranga economy.
Easter and holiday events are expected also to inject millions more into the Tauranga economy.
Easter events are expected also to inject many millions more people into the Tauranga economy.
Easter events are expected also likely to inject many millions more into the Tauranga economy.
TheraPearl, has been appointed Brandnation.
TheraPearl Media Group has appointed Brandnation.
TheraPearl Group has been appointed Brandnation.
TheraPearl has been recently appointed Brandnation.
TheraPearl has also been appointed Brandnation.
The White - House would not rule - out a future summit meeting scheduled between Barack Obama and his Iranian presidential counterpart Hassan Rowhani.
The White House - House resolution would also not rule out a meeting between Barack Obama, and his Iranian presidential counterpart Hassan Rowhani.
The White House decision would not rule - out a meeting scheduled between Barack Obama, Bush and his former Iranian counterpart Hassan Rowhani.
The Obama White House would not rule out a possible meeting between Barack Obama and even with him his Iranian counterpart, Hassan Rowhani.
The White House policy would not rule all - out a meeting between Barack Obama, and even with his Iranian counterpart Hassan Rowhani.
The Star Queen that saved the day is.
The Star I saved the next day is.
The Star saved the day next day is.
The Star I saved the next day is.
The only way Star saved the day is.
The prevalence of the total adult smokeless tobacco tobacco use is 5. 6 percent ; and children are.
The prevalence of smokeless - leafed tobacco use is about 5. 6 percent ; and children are.
The overall prevalence of smokeless - oral tobacco tobacco use is 5. 6 percent ; and children are.
The prevalence of smokeless tobacco use is about 5. 6 percent nationally ; and many young children are.
The prevalence of child smokeless tobacco use is only about 5. 6 percent nationally ; and children are.
The New Mighty Avengers comes to ABC.
The New Avengers comes back to ABC.
The Avengers comes right back to ABC.
The Avengers series comes back to ABC.
The Avengers series also comes to ABC.
Farrell's Ice - Cream Shop is returning.
Farrell's Ice - Cream Shop is returning.
Farrell's favorite Ice - Cream is returning.
Farrell's Ice - Cream Shop is returning.
Farrell's Ice - Ice Cream is returning.
Chris Hughton, has also backed up Ricky van Wolfswinkel, to end his goal drought.
Chris Hughton, has backed Ricky van der Wolfswinkel twice, to end his goal drought.
Chrissy Hughton has backed Ricky van Wolfswinkel to endanger his own career goal drought.
Chrissy Hughton has backed Ricky van der Wolfswinkel to help end his own goal drought.
Chrissy Hughton, has backed up Ricky van der Wolfswinkel to end his goal drought.
The EXIT international classical music festival has opened.
The EXIT music video festival also has opened.
The EXIT International music festival, has opened.
The EXIT International music festival, has opened.
The EXIT music festival, which has opened.
Uttam and Galva Steels has surged out here on back of heavy volumes.
Uttam Galvadi Steels has surged on the back side of heavy volumes.
Uttam Galva Steels production has also surged on the back of heavy volumes.
Uttam and Galva Steels has been surged on back of the heavy volumes.
Uttam Galva Steels production has also been surged on back of heavy volumes.
Aland and Pardew has accepted such an FA misconduct charge.
Alana Pardew has accepted an undisclosed FAI misconduct charge.
Aland - Pardew also has accepted an FA misconduct charge.
Alan Pardew has long since not accepted an FA misconduct charge.
Alana Pardew has since accepted an FAI misconduct charge.
AstraZeneca has completed of its first acquisition of the Omthera Pharmaceuticals.
AstraZeneca has now completed its acquisition of all the Omthera Pharmaceuticals.
AstraZeneca has recently completed its major acquisition of the Omthera Pharmaceuticals.
AstraZeneca has recently completed of its acquisition of the Omthera Pharmaceuticals.
AstraZeneca has completed part of its acquisition of the Omthera Pharmaceuticals.
Indie video game distributor Dogwoofer has linked with the new Google Play platform in the UK.
Indie distributor Dogwoof has linked it up with the Google Play platform based elsewhere in the UK.
Indie distributor, Dogwoof has linked with the Google Play Play platform in locations across the UK.
Indie distributor, Dogwoof, has been linked with the Google Play Play platform in the UK.
Indie game distributor Dogwoof has linked with using the Google Play Play platform, in the UK.
Dubai International Airport is currently preparing to host the largest, or the most expensive World Expo.
Dubai Airport is also currently preparing to host either the largest or the most expensive World Expo.
Dubai Airport is currently preparing to host the largest airport or even the most expensive World Expo.
Dubai is preparing for itself to either annually host the largest or the most expensive World Expo.
Dubai is preparing itself to host the largest or even the worlds second most expensive World Expo.
Alfie proved to be in the top dog the votes cast were counted.
Alfie proved to be the first top prize dog the votes were counted.
Alfie also quickly, proved to be top dog the votes were counted.
Alfie proved to not be top dog the moment most votes were counted.
Alfie also always proved to always be top dog the votes were counted.
Paulette - Allen has since sold a private island home to buyers for $ 8 million.
Paulette Allen has sold her a private island to buyers for US US $ 8 million.
Paulette Allen has sold her on a private Caribbean island to buyers for $ 8 million.
Paul Allen has sold a small private island resort to private property buyers for $ 8 million.
Paul Allen has sold a small private island to private buyers for US $ $ 8 million.
Soldiers of Camp Ripley were completed with a Christmas holiday triple play.
Soldiers of War the Camp Ripley completed a Christmas holiday triple play.
Soldiers of Camp Camp Camp Ripley completed a Christmas holiday triple play.
Soldiers out of Camp Ripley also completed a holiday camp triple play.
Soldiers of the Camp Ripley Brigade also completed a holiday triple play.
BRAD Pitt has told the director Scott Eastwood.
BRAD Pitt has also been told Scott Eastwood.
BRAD Pitts has told actor Scott Eastwood.
BRAD, Brad Pitt has told Scott Eastwood.
BRAD, Brad Pitt has told Scott Eastwood.
Triumph Triumph Motorcycles forayed further into Indian market.
Triumph Triumph Motorcycles forayed further into Indian market.
Triumph Triumph Motorcycles forayed into the Indian market.
Triumph Motorcycles forayed further into the Indian market.
Triumph Motorcycles were forayed further into Indian market.
Iraq, has withdrawn from the 2009 Persian Gulf Cup of Nations, in protest.
Iraq has withdrawn itself from the Persian Gulf Cup of the United Nations in protest.
Iraq has since withdrawn from hosting the Persian Gulf Cup Cup of Nations in protest.
Iraq has long since withdrawn from ever hosting the Gulf Cup of Nations in protest.
Iraq has since withdrawn from hosting the Persian Gulf Cup of the Nations in protest.
The last Sensex attack had ended marginally in the red.
The second Sensex ended up marginally in all the red.
The Sensex ended up marginally in all of the red.
The Sensex ended up only marginally in all the red.
The Sensex ended up marginally stuck in on the red.
Charles Krauthammer also doesn't really believe in God.
Charles Krauthammer also doesn't believe strongly in God.
Charles Krauthammer doesn't believe very strongly in God.
Charles Krauthammert also doesn't believe in God.
Charles von der Krauthammer doesn't believe in God.
Guavus Hospital has today unveiled CareReflex.
Guavus has today also unveiled CareReflex.
Guavus today has also unveiled CareReflex.
Guavus, today has unveiled CareReflex.
Guavus today has also unveiled CareReflex.
Sandra - Lee Bullock might not be the Most Bankable Actress soon.
Sandra Bullock might be named the Next Most - Bankable Actress soon.
Sandra - Lee Sandra Bullock might be the Most Bankable Actress soon.
Sandra Bullock might be named the Most Bankable New Hollywood Actress soon.
Sandra Bullock might just be dubbed the " Most Bankable Actress soon.
A particularly large fire nearly destroyed a South Bend home.
A large fire destroyed half a South River Bend home.
A fire destroyed half a dozen South River Bend home.
A fire destroyed half of the a South Bend home.
A fire also destroyed half a nearby South Bend home.
Brandon Marshall returned to the Cowboys practice - field for games against the Chicago Bears.
Brandon Marshall returned home to the practice field for two games against the Chicago Bears.
Brandon and Marshall returned home to the practice - field area for the Chicago Bears.
Brandon Marshall was returned to the Bears'practice field for against the Chicago Bears.
Brandon Marshall returned home to the practice field for in the 2016 season Chicago Bears.
Alanna Jackson will also be broadcasting his first Nashville concert.
Alan Jackson, will not be seen broadcasting his Nashville concert.
Alanna Jackson will be seen broadcasting his first Nashville concert.
Alan Jackson Live! TV will be broadcasting his Nashville concert.
Alan Jackson will not yet be broadcasting his upcoming Nashville concert.
Time Warner Cable is launching a brand new secure wireless broadband Wi - Fi network.
Time Warner Cable also is launching on a new secure Wi - - Fi network.
Time - Warner Cable Networks is launching with a new secure Wi - Fi network.
Timed - Warner Cable is launching a new secure Wi - - Fi network.
Time Warner Cable also is launching on a new secure Wi - - Fi network.
The LinkedIn provides volunteer and marketplace opportunities feature.
The LinkedIn provides volunteer marketplace and opportunities feature.
The LinkedIn volunteer and marketplace networking opportunities feature.
The first ever LinkedIn volunteer marketplace opportunities feature.
The LinkedIn volunteer and online marketplace opportunities feature.
Bradley Manning was sentenced to 35 full - years imprisonment in prison.
Bradley - Manning was sentenced to 35½ years imprisonment in prison.
Bradley Manningham was also sentenced to 35½ years in prison.
Bradley Manning was sentenced to over $ 35½ years in prison.
Bradley Manningham was sentenced to over 35 years imprisonment in prison.
Intelligent Corporation outlined its strategy : to re - architect all the infrastructure.
Intel Corporation outlined in its development strategy to help re - architect the infrastructure.
Intelligent Corporation outlined its own strategy to re - architect all the infrastructure.
Intel Corporation outlined in its 2006 marketing strategy to re - architect the infrastructure.
Intel Corporation outlined its own strategy to re - purpose architect all the infrastructure.
Gas station prices spike.
Gas station prices spike.
Gas station prices spike.
Gas station prices spike.
Gas station prices spike.
A police van also failed to stop.
A nearby police van failed to stop.
A police van failed twice to stop.
A van failed twice not to stop.
A police patrol van failed to stop.
A Cairo based high court judge has set out a trial date for Mohamed ElBaradei.
A Cairo high court judge has set out a trial date for Mohamed Mohamed ElBaradei.
A Cairo court has reportedly also not set a trial date for Mohamed Mohamed ElBaradei.
A Cairo court has also not set a trial - date date for Mohamed ElBaradei.
A new Cairo district court has also set a trial date for Judge Mohamed ElBaradei.
NASA has selected for possible space - flight demonstration 10 different different proposals, intended to revolutionize future space missions.
NASA has selected it for possible flight demonstration 10 different proposals, to help revolutionize the possible future space missions.
NASA has selected from over 10 proposals for possible space flight demonstration 10 proposals, to revolutionize future space missions.
NASA has selected proposals, for possible flight demonstration from 10 competing proposals, to help revolutionize future space missions.
NASA also has selected proposals for possible flight demonstration 10 different proposals, intended to help revolutionize future space missions.
Police are investigating an alleged alleged attempted robbery.
Police are also investigating an alleged attempted robbery.
Police are also investigating for an attempted robbery.
Police are also now investigating an attempted robbery.
Police are also investigating for an attempted robbery.
A subset of homeless people currently living in Canada are not also frequent users of health services.
A subsets of homeless people in rural Western Canada are frequent users of mental health services.
A subset of homeless homeless people in Canada and today are frequent users of mental health services.
A subset of homeless people in Western Canada today are also frequent local users of health services.
A subsets of homeless homeless people in Canada are frequent users of their mental health services.
We will now also have information on a memorial service being held for " a young Fort - Gordon officer killed, 8th in an East Aiken County crash.
We also have information available on a special memorial service service being held there for having seen a Fort Gordon officer killed, 8th in an Aiken County crash.
We also have information made available on a memorial memorial service service being annually held for a Fort Gordon officer killed, 8th in an East Aiken County crash.
We have information on a special annual memorial service being held for a Fort Gordon police department officer recently killed, the 8th in an East Aiken County crash.
We have more information on a special annual memorial service being held for a Fort Gordon officer killed, on the 8th, 2008 in an Aiken County crash.
Braden Guzan is much more confident about Christian Benteke bouncing back from his earlier penalty miss.
Braden Guzan is confident about Christian Benteke bouncing back and away from in his penalty miss.
Brad Guzan also is confident about Christian Benteke, bouncing back from making his first penalty miss.
Brad Guzan, also is confident about having Christiane Benteke bouncing back from his penalty miss.
Brad Guzan is confident about Christian, and Benteke bouncing him back on from his penalty miss.
Gadley. A lifelong Town received her life coaching and coaching certification.
Gadley A lifelong Town received is also her first life coaching certification.
Gadley. A very lifelong Town received her own life coaching certification.
Gadley A lifelong Townwoman who received throughout her life coaching certification.
Gadley A. lifelong in Town received her life coaching coaching certification.
A fatal - shooting incident occurring in McDowell County, is being investigated as a homicide.
A fatal shooting incident in McDowell Lake County Park is being investigated, as a homicide.
A fatal shooting incident in unincorporated McDowell, Creek County is being investigated as a homicide.
A fatality shooting case in McDowell Lake County is being investigated, as a homicide.
A recent fatality shooting in McDowell County is being being investigated as being a homicide.
The world is craps yo 11.
The old craps, yo 11.
The craps, and yo 11.
The world craps on yo 11.
The old craps, yo 11.
Five local officers and other officials were also also federally deputized.
Five local officers and three officials, who were federally deputized.
Five local officers and twenty - three officials were federally deputized.
Five local police officers and officials, were also federally deputized.
Five hundred local officers, and officials were also federally deputized.
Liverpool starlet, Jon Flanagan has always insisted he himself is unwilling to rest on losing all his laurels.
Liverpool starlet Jon Flanagan has always insisted he is unwilling to lay a restitution claim on his laurels.
Liverpool football starlet Jonny Flanagan has always insisted he is unwillingly laid to rest on his laurels.
Liverpool starlet Jonny Flanagan, who has always insisted he is unwillingly to rest on his laurels.
Liverpool starlet, Jon Flanagan, has insisted that he is unwilling to rest forever on all his laurels.
Zane Benefits, the National and Online Public Health Care Benefits Solution, published new information on how care reform may negatively negatively impact your 2013 tax return.
Zane Benefits, the National Online Health Benefits Reform Solution, published new information on how health care reform reform efforts may impact your 2013 income tax return.
Zane Benefits, the Online Health Benefits Solution, published some new background information on how care reform may impact on improving your upcoming November 2013 tax return.
Zanes Benefits, and the Online Health Benefits Solution, published some new information on how care reform may impact your November 2013 federal income tax return.
Zanes Benefits, the Online Health Benefits and Reform Solution, published new information on " how health care reform " may impact your 2013 tax return.
Salini - Impregilo said it won contracts worth a total of about $ 7709 - million euros.
Salinio - Impregilo said that it won the two contracts worth a total of 770 million euros.
Salini - Impregilo said that it won contracts worth a total of about 770 - 800 million euros.
Salini - based Impregilo said it won the contracts worth a total amount of 770 - million euros.
Salini - Impregilo has said it won contracts, worth about a total of about 770 million euros.
Benfica also eased into reaching the semi - finals.
Benfica had eased back into the semi - finals.
Benfica eased them back into the semi - finals.
Benfica eased back into the quarter semi - finals.
Benfica eased into reaching to the semi - finals.
Ross Stores Inc., has said its profit margins fell 7. 5 9 % as sales slipped.
Ross Stores Inc. said later that its net profit fell 7. 9 % as its sales slipped.
Ross Stores Inc. has said its profit margins have fell 7. 9 % as its sales slipped.
Ross Department Stores Inc. said its profit fell 7. 5 5 9 %, as sales slipped.
Ross Stores Inc., has also publicly said its profit fell 7. 9 % as sales slipped.
I believe that the vice president should honor all the commitment.
I believe the senior vice president should honor all the commitment.
I do believe that the president himself should honor the commitment.
I believe the president himself should probably also honor the commitment.
I believe the president should have also honor for the commitment.
A newborn baby was pronounced dead, at birth miraculously started her own very heavy breathing on her 28 minutes later don't know.
A small newborn baby pronounced dead at birth miraculously I started breathing in on to her 28 minutes or later I don't know.
A newborn human baby pronounced dead at birth miraculously started breathing on her 28 - maybe 28 minutes or later I don't know.
A newborn baby pronounced dead by her dead but at the birth miraculously started breathing on her 28 - minutes later don't know.
A newborn female baby pronounced dead, who at birth miraculously started breathing in on her August 28, minutes later don't know.
Muslims are observing the traditional annual Ashura fasting.
Muslims are observing the traditional annual Ashura fasting.
Muslims are also observing during the Ashura fasting.
Muslims are observing during all the Ashura fasting.
Muslims also are observing the annual Ashura fasting.
Belgium also, will swear in parliament a new king.
Belgium will also swear in in 2013 a new king.
Belgium will swear in June, 2018 a new king.
Belgium will also swear in a new brand new king.
Belgium will swear in June, 2018 a new king.
A recent Kansas Republican Party State Senate committee has voted to repeal the state's renewable energy standards.
A more recent Kansas Senate committee report has voted to repeal all the state's renewable energy standards.
A Kansas Republican State Senate committee has voted unanimously to repeal the state's proposed renewable energy standards.
A recent Kansas Senate ethics committee report has voted to repeal all the state's renewable energy standards.
A Republican Kansas Senate committee has voted unanimously to repeal all the new state's renewable energy standards.
JJJ Cale, lead singer, died.
JJ Cale, the lead singer, died.
JJJJ Cale, singer, died.
JJJJ Cale, singer, died.
JJJ Cale, lead singer, died.
Stocks prices are little changed than in trading circles on Wall Street.
Stocks prices are very little changed in trading circles on Wall Street.
Stocks traded today today are little changed in trading on Wall Street.
Stocks are very little changed than in trading on the Wall Street.
Stocks are usually very little changed when in trading on Wall Street.
Carbon Energy Limited has been recently granted as a trading halt.
Carbon - Free Wind Energy has been granted a trading halt.
Carbon Energy has been granted notice as to a trading halt.
Carbon Global Energy Limited has also been granted a trading halt.
Carbon Energy has also recently also been granted a trading halt.
Morrissey also has announced a few tour dates.
Morrissey has not announced for a tour dates.
Morrissey has announced only a few tour dates.
Morrissey has announced only a few tour dates.
Morrissey has not yet announced a tour dates.
Tourists previously trapped underwater or on such a island were rescued by the Thai navy.
Tourists trapped deep underwater on such a island, were rescued by the Thai navy.
Tourists trapped on a island nearby were later rescued safely by the Royal Thai navy.
Tourists trapped on to a small nearby volcanic island were rescued by the Thai navy.
Tourists trapped underwater on a nearby island were rescued by using the Royal Thai navy.
Hrithik Roshan, is also also said be seen joining Madhavan.
Hrithik, a Roshan, is said be happy joining Madhavan.
Hrithik, a Roshan, is also said be joining Madhavan.
Hrithik Roshan, is also reportedly also said be joining Madhavan.
Hrithik Roshan, who is also said to be joining Madhavan.
The Utica Comets take revenge on the rival Abbotsford Heat.
The new Utica Valley Comets take place on Abbotsford Heat.
The Utican Comets take place on the Abbotsford Heat.
The new Utica Comets will take place on Abbotsford Heat.
The Utica Comets take them on from the Abbotsford Heat.
The latest mosquitoes samples being tested are almost all negative for West Nile virus.
The latest human mosquito samples being tested are false negatives for West Nile virus.
The two latest mosquitoes samples tested are negative for West - West Nile virus.
The latest human mosquitoes samples being successfully tested are negative for West Nile virus.
The latest human mosquito samples being tested on are negatives for West Nile virus.
George Bailey, will also make his England Test debut clash against England.
George Bailey will also later make his England Test debut clash against England.
George Henry Bailey, will also make his Test debut clash against England.
George Bailey will make his Test match and debut clashing against England.
George Bailey will make on his second Test debut in clash against England.
Some residents living in Wellington spent only on the last day of the Easter holiday for sports.
Some residents living in Wellington spent the last, full day of Easter holiday preparing for sports.
Some residents in central Wellington spent the entire last day of Easter on a holiday for sports.
Some residents in central Wellington spent the last full day of the Easter holiday holiday for sports.
Some residents living in Wellington have also spent the last day of Easter on holiday for sports.
Former DGP Shashi Kant has also hailed the militancy reform era in Punjab.
Former DGP Shashikumar Kant hailed the first Indian militancy era in Punjab.
Former South Indian DGP Shashi Kant has hailed the militancy era in Punjab.
Former DGP Shashikumar Kant hailed the Indian militancy era started in Punjab.
Former DGP Shashi Kant has hailed the militancy era back home in Punjab.
Seth Meyers hosted his very first solo episode of Late Night Live with Amy Poehler, Vice President of Marketing Joe Joe Biden and A Great Big Big Big World serving as guests.
Seth Meyers hosted his very first episode of Late Night with Amy with Van Poehler, Vice President of Joe Joe Joe Biden and A Great Big Big World serving him as guests.
Seth Meyers hosted it on his first solo episode of Late Night with Host Amy Poehler, Vice - President Joe Biden and hosts A Great Big Big World serving guests as guests.
Seth Meyers hosted his first episode, of Late Night Late Night with Amy Poehler, Vice - President President Joe Biden and A Great Big Big World were serving him as guests.
Seth Meyers also hosted his first episode, of On the Late Night Tonight with Host Amy Lynn Poehler, Vice President Joe Biden and hosts A Great Big World serving as guests.
Molex, Incorporated has entered into a lease agreement to not be acquired directly by Robert Koch Industries, Inc.
Molex Incorporated has entered into a agreement to date not to be until later acquired by Koch Industries, Inc.
Molex Incorporated has entered into a lease agreement agreeing to also not be acquired by Kocher Industries, Inc.
Molex Incorporated has recently entered into a agreement, soon to be acquired, by Kocher Industries, Inc.
Molex Incorporated. has entered into into agreement a purchase agreement to eventually be acquired by Koch Industries, Inc.
Steve Evelyn Waugh also praised India's skipper.
Steve Evelyn Waugh also praised India's skipper.
Steve Evelyn Waugh also praised India's skipper.
Steve Evelyn Waugh also praised India's skipper.
Steve and Evelyn Waugh praised India's skipper.
Of about 40, 000 000 applications to the vote in the Kosovo's local elections it has received support from Serbia, The Secretariat General Office of the Serbian Central Election Commission accepted.
Of about 40, 000 applications to vote in Kosovo's local - government elections it has received support mainly from Serbia, The Secretariat of the Serbian Central Kosovo Election Assistance Commission accepted.
Of about 40, 000 applications made online to vote in Kosovo's local elections it has been received from the Elections of Serbia, which The Secretariat of the Central Election Commission accepted.
Of the about the US $ 40, 000 applications to vote in Kosovo's local elections it has received from Serbia, The Deputy Secretariat General of the Central Kosovo Election Commission accepted.
Of all the about 40, 000 000 applications to vote in Kosovo's local elections it has received support from Serbia, The Kosovo Secretariat of the Central European Election Assistance Commission accepted.
The government has decided not to cancel all the 19 coal blocks.
The Indian government however has decided not cancel 19 new coal blocks.
The Indian government has also decided not to cancel 19 coal blocks.
The government has also decided not to cancel 19 new coal blocks.
The government however, has decided not cancel the 19 coal blocks.
Ronny Burgundy is lending his stage name Emerson to America's Emerson College.
Ron Burgundy, is lending his stage name to America's first Emerson College.
Ron Burgundy is lending his stage name to North America's first Emerson College.
Ron Burgundy is lending his stage name to the America's first Emerson College.
Ron Burgundy is also lending his own stage name to America's Emerson College.
The Capitol Building building itself will host the tree lighting.
The Capitol will also host the first artificial tree lighting.
The State Capitol will also help host the tree lighting.
The State Capitol will host all of the tree lighting.
The State Capitol will also host the first tree lighting.
Eighteen government employees have been suspended.
Eight employees, have also been suspended.
Eight employees also may have been suspended.
Eighteen employees have also been suspended.
Eighteen employees may have been suspended.
King's Royal Daughters Medical Center has laid laid - off 148 workers.
King's Daughters'Medical Research Center staff has laid off 148 workers.
King's Daughters Medical Center has laid off over, 000 148 workers.
King's Daughters Medical Center staff has laid - - off 148 workers.
King's Daughters Medical and Research Center has laid - off 148 workers.
A La Crosse woman is also ticketed in after she struck down a very young child with her car.
A La Crosse Cook County woman, is ticketed after admitting she struck a young child with her car.
A very young La La Crosse woman is ticketed after she accidentally struck a child bus with her car.
A La La Crosse County woman is ticketed after she struck down by a child with in her car.
A young, La Crosse woman, is ticketed after she struck a childish bus with her car.
Brendan Rodgers would also later also pay to watch Philippe Coutinho.
Brendan Rodgers also would pay to personally watch for Philippe Coutinho.
Brendan Rodgers would later also pay extra to watch Philippe Coutinho.
Brendan Rodgers would pay him back to personally watch Philippe Coutinho.
Brendan Brendan Rodgers also would pay to personally watch Philippe Coutinho.
Israel agree almost immediately on the border.
Israel must agree on crossing the border.
Israel also must agree on the border.
Israel agree on crossing of the border.
Israel agree immediately on crossing the border.
A similar bill was passed unanimously by only the one vote.
A similar bill was ultimately only passed by only one vote.
A very similar bill, was passed by only one vote.
A similar bill, was passed by almost only one vote.
A bill was passed by Congress with almost only one vote.
A company is also currently expanding in Kaukauna.
A new company is expanding operations in Kaukauna.
A new company is expanding operations in Kaukauna.
A new company is also expanding in Kaukauna.
A new company is also expanding in Kaukauna.
Venezuela also issued him an arrest warrant for killing a opposition figure.
Venezuela issued it an emergency arrest warrant for a suspected opposition figure.
Venezuela issued for him with an arrest warrant for a opposition figure.
Venezuela issued an arrest - arrest warrant only for a opposition figure.
Venezuela Police has also issued an arrest warrant for a opposition figure.
OnBuy has made this store its first sale.
OnBuys has since made its first sale.
OnBuys Media has made its first sale.
OnBuy has made it its very first sale.
OnBuys Media has made its first sale.
The Milwaukee - Bucks pre - season game was cancelled.
The Bucks pre - - season playoff game was cancelled.
The Milwaukee Bucks pre - season playoff game was cancelled.
The Bucks pre - - season playoff game was cancelled.
The Bucks pre - - season playoff game was cancelled.
860 more ethnic Kenyans were flown home, from Juba, South Sudan.
86 more Kenyans were also flown home from the Camp Juba, South Sudan.
860 more seriously wounded Kenyans were flown home from Juba, South Sudan.
86 more wounded Kenyans were also also flown home from Juba, South Sudan.
86 more wounded Kenyans were also flown back home from Juba, South Sudan.
One man has since pleaded guilty to the alleged anti - - Semitic paintball attack.
One man has pleaded guilty to the anti - Semitic 2014 Israeli football paintball attack.
One man has pleaded not guilty to the anti - Semitic 2014 Israeli paintball attack.
One man has pleaded guilty specifically due to the alleged anti - Semitic paintball attack.
One man has since pleaded guilty to the anti anti - - Semitic paintball attack.
Bernie Ecclestone has also publicly denied bribery allegations.
Bernier Ecclestone MP has denied bribery allegations.
Bernie Ecclestone MPP has denied bribery allegations.
Bernier Ecclestone MP has denied bribery allegations.
Bernie Ecclestone has since also denied bribery allegations.
Shirley Temple, died suddenly at the approximate retirement age of 85.
Shirley Ann Van Temple, died at the age age of 85.
Shirley Van Temple, died at about the approximate age of 85.
Shirley Temple, died at about the approximate age limit of 85.
Shirley Temple, died suddenly at about the approximate age of 85.
WordPressHostingReview. NET today introduced to the top 5 web hosts offering hosting services both for personal and professional and small business blogs.
WordPressHostingReview. NET today has introduced the brand new top 5 web hosts offering services primarily for personal computers and small business blogs.
WordPressHostingReview. NET today was introduced to the top of 5 million web hosts offering services for both personal and small business blogs.
WordPressHostingReview. NET today introduced almost all of the new top 5 web hosts, offering services for personal and small business blogs.
WordPressHostingReview.. NET today introduced the new top 5 business web hosts, offering services for both personal and small business blogs.
Penn - State University reached a very large multimillion dollar settlement with 26 % of the victims.
Penn State University reached a multimillion dollar settlement and settlement agreement with 26 % of the victims.
Penn - State University reached into settlement a multimillion dollar financial settlement with 26 of the victims.
Penn State University officials eventually reached a multimillion dollar settlement agreement with all 26 of the victims.
Penn State Indiana University reached a large multimillion dollar financial settlement agreement with 26 of the victims.
The UVa football team itself is currently ranked at # 1 in two preseason polls.
The UVa football team is currently ranked #. # 1 in two preseason polls.
The 2011 UVa team is ranked #. 1 in both the two preseason polls.
The 2011 UVa football team is ranked at # 1 nationally in two preseason polls.
The undefeated 2011 UVa team is ranked at # 1 nationally in two preseason polls.
The second annual John Barrett Jackson auto - show is gearing up for another year.
The second annual NASCAR Barrett Jackson auto show event is gearing up for another year.
The Barrett Jackson auto - show is gearing things up again for almost another year.
The Barrett Jackson auto - show is gearing up once again for almost another year.
The Barrett Jackson auto show is gearing things up for another, almost another year.
A policewoman arrives who has caught a young 6ft 4ins murderer followed closely by RUGBY TACKLING him to the ground.
A policewoman who had caught a 6ft 4ins murderer by throwing RUGBY - TACKLING caused him to hit the ground.
A policewoman who caught a 6ft. 4ins murderer followed her by RUGBY TACKLING for him to hit the ground.
A policewoman, who caught a 6ft 4ins murderer by RUGBY and the TACKLING threw over him to the ground.
A policewoman who had caught a suspected 6ft 4inst murderer by the RUGBY was TACKLING him to the ground.
China government also has banned officials abroad from buying moon cakes.
China has banned Chinese officials from buying Chinese style moon cakes.
China has also banned officials from abroad from buying moon cakes.
China government has banned officials from illegally illegally buying moon cakes.
China government has also banned officials from illegally buying moon cakes.
Police have arrested a man accused " of stealing equipment " " from " " a Farmington tree service company.
Police have arrested a local, young man falsely accused of stealing equipment from a Farmington tree planting service company.
Police have arrested a man accused of of stealing equipment stolen from illegally from a Farmington Christmas tree service company.
Police may have arrested a man falsely accused of stealing equipment " from " a local Farmington tree service company.
Police may have arrested a man falsely accused of stealing logging equipment from a local Farmington pine tree service company.
Sepp de Blatter was ruled out a January 2018 World Cup in Qatar.
Sepp Blatter ruled it ruled out a January World Cup match in Qatar.
Sepp de Jong Blatter also ruled out a January World Cup in Qatar.
Sepp Blatter ruled it out a January 2018 FIFA World Cup in Qatar.
Sepp Blatter was also ruled carrying out a January World Cup in Qatar.
Donald Trump said he himself still won't ever run for governor.
Donald Trump said that he won't run again again for governor.
Donald Trump said that, he still won't run for governor.
Donald Trump Trump has said he won't even run for governor.
Donald Trump Donald Trump Trump said he won't run for governor.
Software is offers for pole laying composite materials.
Software offers tools for laying out composite materials.
Software offers tools for laying out composite materials.
Software offers for pole - laying composite materials.
Software offers specialized tools for laying composite materials.
Alert : Countdown to UFC # 163, and premieres later tonight on FUEL TV.
Alert : Countdown to all the UFC 163 premieres, tonight, on FUEL TV.
Alert : Countdown prior to the UFC 163 premieres later tonight on the FUEL TV.
Alert : Countdowns live to UFC 163 premieres live tonight on the FUEL TV.
Alert : Countdowns live to the UFC # 163 premieres tonight on FUEL TV.
There is really no reason why not to do any immigration reform.
There is currently still no reason not wanting to do immigration reform.
There really is no good enough reason not to do immigration reform.
There is no reason why not to actually help do immigration reform.
There really is no reason why not to actually do immigration reform.
Veteran, the British journalist Sir David Frost, has died.
Veteran and British journalist Sir David Robert Frost also has died.
Veteran and British journalist Sir John David Frost, has died.
Veteran and British journalist Sir Sir John David Frost has died.
Veteran British political journalist, Sir David Frost, has died.
Germany should probably also protect Edward Snowden.
Germany itself should also protect Edward Snowden.
Germany alone, should protect Edward Snowden.
Germany should also protect Sir Edward Snowden.
Germany alone should protect Sir Edward Snowden.
ABERDEEN FC forward, Josh Magennis has been called - up twice to the full senior Northern Ireland squad.
ABERDEEN FC forward Josh Magennis has been called up to represent the Northern - Ireland based Northern Ireland squad.
ABERDEEND Liverpool FC centre forward Josh Magennis has been called - up to represent the Northern Ireland squad.
ABERDEEND FC centre forward Josh Magennison has also also been called up to the Northern Ireland squad.
ABERDEENS FC forward Josh Magennis has also been recently called - up again to the Northern Ireland squad.
Connect First, an company, has nearly tripled the entire CollegeBound's dial rate.
Connected First, an company, which recently has tripled CollegeBound's dial rate.
Connect First, an African American telecommunications company, has tripled CollegeBound's dial rate.
Connected First, an company, has nearly tripled CollegeBound's monthly dial rate.
Connect First, an insurance company, has nearly tripled CollegeBound's monthly dial rate.
Firefighters battled a industrial blaze located in nearby in the Junction neighbourhood.
Firefighters battled a major light industrial blaze in nearby the Junction neighbourhood.
Firefighters battled a possible second major industrial blaze in the Junction neighbourhood.
Firefighters also battled against a major industrial blaze in the Junction neighbourhood.
Firefighters have also successfully battled a industrial blaze in the Junction neighbourhood.
Tonya Abbott has been promised a more respectful new parliament.
Tony Abbott has promised a respectful election and a new parliament.
Tony Abbott has promised a respectful and more democratic new parliament.
Tonya Michelle Abbott has been promised a respectful new parliament.
Tony Abbott, who has promised a more respectful new parliament.
Cloudy Nothings will also have debuted a new song, I'm Just Not A Part Part Of Me.
Cloud Nothings will also have debuted with a new new song, I'm Not A Partisan Of Me.
Cloud Nothings have recently been debuted with a new song, I'm Just Not Just A Part Of Me.
Cloud Nothings have also debuted a new song, titled I'm Not Just Not A Part Part Of Me.
Cloudy Nothings have debuted with a brand new song, I'm Not Just Just A Part Of Me.
Barbados Minister Taylor announced new security measures to help tackle the crisis.
Barbados Prime Minister Martin announced several new measures to tackle the crisis.
Barbados Minister announced several major new measures needed to tackle the crisis.
Barbados Minister Taylor announced several major new measures to tackle the crisis.
Barbados'Prime Minister announced several new measures to tackle the crisis.
George Washington Zimmerman sought federal permission to buy a bulletproof vest and install a security system.
George Zimmerman sought permission to also buy a bulletproof vest and a new electronic security system.
George Zimmerman sought to buy a new bulletproof ballistic vest, and a new security system.
George and Zimmerman sought to buy a bulletproof vest, and install a new security system.
George and Zimmerman sought ways together to buy a bulletproof vest and a new security system.
North Las Vegas crews were called to investigate a massive parking garage fire.
North Las Vegas fire crews also were called in to a garage fire.
North Las Vegas crews were called in due to reporting a garage fire.
North Las Vegas crews members also were later called to a garage fire.
North Las Vegas crews, were called in to a massive garage fire.
The metaphor is strong and it still just... hasn't gone away.
The metaphor is strong and, yet, it hasn't gone away.
The metaphor itself is strong and powerful yet it hasn't gone away.
The metaphor is so strong and yet it just hasn't gone away.
The metaphor is so damn strong and it just hasn't gone away.
George Michael Clooney has reported fiancee Amal Alamuddin played very hard to get to the win, and to even get the notorious bachelor.
George Michael Clooney reported his fiancee Amal Alamuddin who played hard to get, easy to easily win, and get the notorious bachelor.
George Clooney reported fiancee Amal Alamuddin had " played very hard to get, to win, and get the most " notorious bachelor.
George Clooney reported fiancee Amal Al - Alamuddin has played very hard to finally get to win, marry and get the notorious bachelor.
George Michael Clooney reported fiancee Amal Alamuddin had been played hard, enough to both get to win, and get the notorious bachelor.
Alexander Lukashenko, has visited the entire former Klimovichi district.
Alexander Lukashenko also has also frequently visited the Klimovichi district.
Alexander Lukashenko has also also frequently visited the Klimovichi district.
Alexander Lukashenko, has visited in the former Klimovichi district.
Alexander Lukashenko has also visited in the former Klimovichi district.
Every single single person is stupid.
Every single person here is stupid.
Every single single person is stupid.
Every single person here is stupid.
Every person here now is stupid.
Sony Mobile has been announced at at the Mobile World Congress 2014.
Sony Mobile has announced at the Mobile World Mobile World Congress 2014.
Sony Music has announced at the Mobile World Music Awards Congress 2014.
Sony has been announced at the Mobile World Mobile World Congress 2014.
Sony has been first officially announced at the Mobile World Congress 2014.
Jose Iglesias has multiple internal bone stress fractures in both legs.
Jose Antonio Iglesias has multiple stress fracture fractures in both legs.
Jose Antonio Iglesias has multiple stress fracture fractures in both legs.
Jose Iglesias has stress fracture fracture and fractures in both legs.
Jose Antonio de Iglesias has stress fractures in both both legs.
UK road construction activity was strong.
UK construction building industry was strong.
UK construction building industry was strong.
UK national road construction was strong.
UK road network construction was strong.
The global infant nutrition sector has had many environmental issues to overcome.
The global infant nutritional sector has many issues difficult to overcome.
The infant - nutrition sector has had many important issues to overcome.
The infant - nutritional sector has many important issues to overcome.
The infant nutrition sector has many issues difficult and enough to overcome.
Australian federal government bond futures prices have dropped.
Australian government bond futures prices also have dropped.
Australian bond futures market prices also have dropped.
Australian bond futures prices also may have dropped.
Australian government bond and futures prices have dropped.
Secretary of of State the Navy Ray Mabus is visiting the Marinette Marine.
Secretary of the US Navy Ray Mabus is seen visiting the Marinette Marine.
Secretary of the Navy, Rayne Mabus is also visiting Marinette Marine.
Secretary of the Navy, Ray Mabus is visiting the USS Marinette Marine.
Secretary General of the Navy Rayford Mabuse is visiting Marinette Marine.
It got me all stuck in the mud.
It got me stuck in all the mud.
It almost got me stuck in the mud.
It got stuck in with all the mud.
It just got stuck up in the mud.
Under Under the Armour he has made a number of executive promotions.
Under Armour has made possible a large number types of executive promotions.
Under Armour has also recently made a number out of executive promotions.
Under - Arms Armour has made a number of successful executive promotions.
Under Armour has also made a number of series of executive promotions.
River rock casino and train express is.
River rock, casino and express is.
River - rock casino, express is.
River - rock casino, express is.
River - rock - casino express is.
Miley Cyrus had only just showed off her new ink.
Miley Cyrus showed me showing off her brand new ink.
Miley Cyrus had showed me off with her new ink.
Miley thought Cyrus had showed her off her new ink.
Miley Cyrus herself had showed me off her new ink.
Britain is mediating in the secret talks between the US government and Hezbollah.
Britain is also currently mediating secret talks between both the US and Hezbollah.
Britain is mediating in the secret talks between the United US and Hezbollah.
Britain itself is also currently mediating secret talks between the US and Hezbollah.
Britain is also mediating secret talks between the Syrian US government and Hezbollah.
Janet Yellen lived right up and close to her dovish image.
Janet Yellen lived with it right up to her dovish image.
Janet Yellen had lived up and close to her dovish image.
Janette Yellen lived up to all her usual dovish image.
Janet Yellen lived it, right up to her dovish image.
ZTE today launches two new brand - new Android Firefox OS phones in the ZTE Open series.
ZTE today launches the two new Firefox Mac / OS phones in both the ZTE Open series.
ZTE today launches two new Firefox OS phones in 2017 the brand new Nokia ZTE Open series.
ZTE today launches two brand new Nokia Firefox iPhone OS phones, in the ZTE Open series.
ZTE Mobiles today also officially launches two new Firefox OS phones in the ZTE Open series.
Stars have paid out a tribute to GABRIEL and GARCIA MARQUEZ.
Stars who have ever paid tribute to GABRIEL : GARCIA MARQUEZ.
Stars have paid a tribute to the song GABRIEL GARCIA MARQUEZ.
Stars have also paid tribute to him the GABRIEL GARCIA MARQUEZ.
Stars who have ever paid tribute go to GABRIEL GARCIA MARQUEZ.
Schools'bags also were distributed.
Schools'bags also were distributed.
Schools'bags also were distributed.
Schools bags also also were distributed.
Schools'bags also were distributed.
British No. 3 Heather - Watson qualified for the qualification to the Brisbane International draw.
British World No. 3 Heather Watson qualified directly for the WTA Tour Brisbane International draw.
British Total Open No. 1 3 Heather Watson qualified directly for the Brisbane International draw.
British Open No. 3 Heather Watson was qualified for to the WTA Brisbane International draw.
British No. 3 Heather Watson also qualified for the 2018 Brisbane Broncos Twenty20 International draw.
People watch giant waves that sometimes can crash during storms in south - west England February - 8, 2014.
People watch giant waves that crash during winter storms, in south west England in February - 8, 2014.
People watch giant waves, crash during storms, crash in south - west England February - 8, 2014.
People can watch giant waves crash during storms in south - north west of New England February 8, 2014.
People watch the giant oceanic waves crash during storms, in south west England February - 8, 2014.
Kermit Gosnells has said that he is not spiritually innocent.
Kermit Gosnell has also said he himself believes is spiritually innocent.
Kermit Lee Gosnells has always said he is spiritually innocent.
Kermit John - Gosnell has said he himself is spiritually innocent.
Kermit Gosnell has said that he is not even spiritually innocent.
The performers, Celtic Legends dance - group, will also visit Azerbaijan.
The performers, Celtic Legends dance group, will also regularly visit Azerbaijan.
The performers, Celtic Legends and a dance group will also visit Azerbaijan.
The performers, Celtic Legends and dance music music group will visit Azerbaijan.
The main performers, the Celtic Legends dance - group will visit Azerbaijan.
Alessandro'Del'Piero's is ready to return home to the Sydney FC starting.
Alessandro Del Piero's ready to only ever return to Australia coaching the Sydney FC starting.
Alessandro Del Piero's is ready to return home to the FC with Sydney FC starting.
Alessandro Del Piero's ready to return home to coaching the Sydney City FC FC starting.
Alessandro and Del Piero's readying to return home is to the Sydney FC starting.
Greenlines classic boardshorts, today announced in more than half a two - dozen new retail locations.
Greenlines, like classic boardshorts, have today announced more than two dozen new new retail locations.
Greenlines, classic boardshorts, today announced more than two dozen new brand - new retail locations.
Greenlines, classic stores and boardshorts, today announced more than two - dozen new retail locations.
Greenlines classic retail boardshorts, today have announced opening more than two - dozen new retail locations.
The remains found of a skeleton that he found buried in Taughannock Falls State Park were identified as being a young Syracuse man.
The skeletal remains consisting of only a human skeleton found in Taughannock Falls Creek State Park were later identified as a Syracuse man.
The remains of a human skeleton he found nearby in the Taughannock Falls State Park, were identified incorrectly as a Syracuse man.
The remains of a human skeleton found in the Taughannock Falls State Historic Park, were also later identified as a Syracuse man.
The remains consisting of only a skeleton found nearby in Taughannocka Falls State Park were identified as possibly being a Syracuse man.
Azerbaijani Defense Ministry has plans to increase both the number and number of contracted staff.
Azerbaijani National Defense Ministry plans to increase in the total number number of contracted staff.
Azerbaijani National Defense Ministry plans to gradually increase in the number of the contracted staff.
Azerbaijani National Defense Ministry also has plans to increase the total number of contracted staff.
Azerbaijani Defense Ministry has plans also to increase transparency in the number of contracted staff.
Fewer Chinese students have applied successfully to US graduate business schools, according to a report.
Fewer Chinese American students applied to US or federal government graduate schools according to a report.
Fewer Chinese - American students have applied to US graduate schools according to to a report.
Fewer Chinese students applied to the US graduate schools, according to just such a report.
Fewer Chinese students applied directly back home to US graduate business schools according to a report.
The Massachusetts unemployment insurance rate has climbed up to 7 percent.
The 2010 Massachusetts unemployment rate climbed by up to 7 percent.
The Massachusetts unemployment rate alone has climbed to nearly 7 percent.
The average Massachusetts state unemployment rate has climbed to 7 percent.
The 2010 Western Massachusetts unemployment rate climbed up to 7 percent.
Newcastle City Council has joined forces again with Boris and Boris Johnson to again demand freedom.
Newcastle City Council MP has also recently joined forces with Boris Johnson to publicly demand freedom.
Newcastle City and District Council has joined forces together with Boris Johnson to publicly demand freedom.
Newcastle City District Council has joined forces with President Sir Sir Boris Johnson to demand freedom.
Newcastle City Council, who has joined armed forces together with Boris Johnson to demand freedom.
Matt Kemper could not be activated soon, as next week.
Matt Kemper could be activated soon as part of next week.
Matt Kemp and Matt Kemp could be activated soon as next week.
Matt Kemp could be activated again, as soon as next week.
Matty Kemper could not be activated soon as next week.
Many migrant sex workers expect pay to not be frozen.
Many workers expect that their own pay to be frozen.
Many workers will also expect their pay to be frozen.
Many construction workers expect payouts not to be frozen.
Many workers expect their payouts to not be frozen.
Martha Stewart's feuding with actress, Gwyneth Paltrow.
Martha Stewart's continued feuding with actress Gwyneth Paltrow.
Martha and Stewart's feuding relationship with Gwyneth Paltrow.
Martha Stewart's feuding relationship with actress Gwyneth Paltrow.
Martha and Stewart's continued feuding with Gwyneth Paltrow.
A TCAT school bus struck a telephone pole, critically injuring two passengers.
A TCAT school bus bus struck a pole, critically injuring two passengers.
A TCAT bus driver accidentally struck a pole, injuring the two passengers.
A TCAT bus struck trees on a telephone pole, injuring two passengers.
A TCAT bus struck a pole, injuring the other and two passengers.
Prabhata Jha is planning on something to keep Shivraj Singh Chouhan fans on edge.
Prabhat Singh Jhaji is planning something to keep the Shivraj Singh Chouhan on edge.
Prabhat Jha is planning on something to keep Shivraj Singh and Raj Chouhan on edge.
Prabhat Jhaji is planning to help keep Shivraja Singh and Chouhan on edge.
Prabhat Jha is planning to also get help to keep Shivraj Singh Chouhan on edge.
Ryan Hoffman has called for him joining in the new NRL to reduce significantly the length of the premiership season.
Ryan Hoffman has called for both the and NRL to reduce substantially to the total length of the premiership season.
Ryan Hoffman has called out for the new NRL government to significantly reduce the length of the NRL premiership season.
Ryan Hoffman has called for allowing the NRL to reduce the minimum length period of playing in the premiership season.
Ryan Van Hoffman, has called for allowing the new NRL to reduce substantially the length of the premiership season.
Employers had stepped right up hiring.
Employers have stepped - up hiring.
Employers have also stepped up hiring.
Employers have also stepped up hiring.
Employers stepped in right up hiring.
As part of Abu Dhabi Terminals commitment, it also has launched campaigns on a safety campaign in the Al Khalifa Ports and Mina Zayed.
As part of the Abu Dhabi International Terminals commitment, it has launched on Twitter a safety campaign in Khalifa International Ports and Mina Zayed.
As part of its Abu Dhabi Terminals commitment, and it has also has launched a comprehensive water safety campaign in Khalifa Port and Mina Zayed.
As part of Abu Dhabi Terminals commitment, and also, it also has launched a safety campaign in Khalifa International Ports and Mina Zayed.
As part part of Abu Dhabi International Terminals commitment, it has launched a safety awareness campaign in Al Khalifa Port Authority, and Mina Zayed.
The expansion franchise Milwaukee Bucks intend to kick start Brandon Knightley at point guard.
The Milwaukee Bucks also intend to start Brandon Knight at starting at right point guard.
The Milwaukee Bucks would also intend to start Brandon Lee Knight at starting point guard.
The Milwaukee Bucks intend instead to start with Brandon Lee Knight at starting point guard.
The Milwaukee Bucks Bucks intend to start with Brandon Lee - Knight at point guard.
Cuba is set up specifically to allow new - car imports.
Cuba is set to not allow any new - car imports.
Cuba is set up to only allow new - car imports.
Cuba is set to not allow new used - car imports.
Cuba is also set up to not allow new car imports.
Rep. Steve Van King told to just go right ahead " and defy " the IRS.
Rep. Steve Van King told him not wanting to just go ahead and defy the IRS.
Rep. State Senator, Steve King told to just... go ahead and defy the IRS.
Rep. and Congressman Steve King told him to just go ahead and not defy the IRS.
Rep. State Senator Steve King told him to just go right ahead and defy the IRS.
Damon Albarn also launched all his Everyday New Robots at SXSW.
Damon Albarn launched with his new show Everyday Robots at SXSW.
Damon Damon Albarn launched with his Everyday Robots show at SXSW.
Damon Albarn launched his show Everyday for Robots Live at SXSW.
Damon Albarn has also launched his Everyday Robots show at SXSW.
Who wins it is Mikaela Shiffrin.
Who is with this Mikaela Shiffrin.
Who is with this Mikaela Shiffrin.
Who wins is Miss Mikaela Shiffrin.
Who wins it is Mikaela Shiffrin.
The recent case of a suspended kidney - liver surgeon case has been referred to the police.
The case of being a suspended liver surgeon has been reported being repeatedly referred to the police.
The case of a recently suspended liver surgeon has been repeatedly referred back home to the police.
The reported case of a suspended liver transplant surgeon case has not been referred to the police.
The recent reported case of a pregnant female suspended liver surgeon has been referred to the police.
Israeli security forces have also fired shells into Southern Lebanon.
Israeli forces also fired shells into the neighboring Southern Lebanon.
Israeli armed forces also fired artillery shells into Southern Lebanon.
Israeli forces also fired mortar shells deep into Southern Lebanon.
Israeli security forces also fired mortar shells into Southern Lebanon.
The Chinese currency ringgit closed unchangedly against the US dollar.
The ringgite was closed unchanged against the current US dollar.
The Chinese currency of ringgit closed unchanged against the US dollar.
The ringgit was closed unchanged against about half the US dollar.
The ringgit was closed unchanged against half the full US dollar.
The road toll toll limit has since risen to four.
The road tolls toll has risen up to four.
The road toll limit has since been risen to four.
The road toll tolls has risen up to four.
The road toll limit has since risen up to four.
This World Day Malaria Drug Testing World Day, the QuantuMDx announces the prototype of their handheld diagnostic lab for 15 minute diagnosis and drug resistance testing.
This World Malaria Testing Day, the QuantuMDx announces is the prototype of using their own handheld lab for 15 minute diagnosis and new drug resistance testing.
This is World Malaria Day, QuantuMDx announces the prototype of the vaccine using their handheld lab for 15 minute diagnosis, and new drug resistance testing.
This World Malaria Day, 2014 QuantuMDx announces the first complete prototype of their handheld lab for a nearly full 15 minute diagnosis and drug resistance testing.
This World Malaria Day, QuantuMDx, announces the prototype of their handheld lab - kit, for 15 minute clinical diagnosis and drug - resistance testing.
A young Lexington man and a woman were arrested, and charged both with breaking into vehicles.
A young Lexington man and woman were arrested, charged with breaking windows, and into vehicles.
A young Lexington man and very possibly a woman were arrested, charged with breaking into vehicles.
A Lexington man and woman were also arrested, charged with allegedly illegally breaking windows into vehicles.
A young New Lexington man and woman, both were arrested, charged with breaking into vehicles.
National Geographic Channel has expanded its entire East Coast content and development team.
National Geographic Channel has also expanded its East Coast television content development team.
National Geographic Channel has expanded on expanding its East Coast content development team.
National - Geographic Channel has expanded on its East Coast content development team.
National - Geographic Channel also has expanded on its East Coast development team.
Trisha Yearwood, and Garth Brooks are both making a really big move.
Trisha Yearwood and Garth - Brooks, both are making a big move.
Trisha, Yearwood, and Garth - Brooks are making a big move.
Trisha Yearwood and Garth Brooks are also both making a very big move.
Trisha, Yearwood, and even Garth Brooks are making a big move.
Student aid spending has been increasing, despite of the recession.
Student aid has been seen steadily increasing, despite the recession.
Student aid has also steadily been increasing despite of the recession.
Student aid has also also been increasing, despite the recession.
Student aid spending alone has been steadily increasing despite the recession.
A former hospice head nurse also appeared accused of selling heroin.
A former hospice nurse appeared, accused of of selling heroin.
A former hospice nurse also later appeared accused of selling heroin.
A hospice nurse also appeared accused of allegedly illegally selling heroin.
A hospice nurse also appeared accused of illegally illegally selling heroin.
New Jersey Jersey City Transit also is offering early bus and train service.
New Jersey Transit also is offering an early morning bus and train service.
New South Jersey Transit is offering an early morning bus and train service.
New South Jersey Transit is offering an early morning bus and train service.
New Jersey Transit Authority is also currently offering early bus and train service.
Manchester United assistant manager David Moyess also has been charged with misconduct.
Manchester City United manager, David Moyess has been charged with misconduct.
Manchester City United manager David Leslie Moyes has also been charged with misconduct.
Manchester United manager David Leslie Moyes has also been also charged with misconduct.
Manchester United assistant manager David Moyes has been recently also charged with misconduct.
The football team also will also regularly play friendlies against Brazil and France.
The football team will also also play in friendlies against Brazil and France.
The national football team also, will play friendlies against Brazil and France.
The national football team will play friendlies against both Brazil, and France.
The football national team also, will play friendlies against Brazil and France.
At least, nine people were reported as killed, when a tour tour bus collided with half a truck in Glenn County, California.
At least nine people were killed when a local tour bus driver collided with a Ford pickup truck in rural unincorporated Glenn County, California.
At - least nine people were killed when when a tour tour - bus collided violently with a truck in Glenna County, California.
At least, nine people were reported killed when a tour - bus collided with a half a truck in Glenna County, California.
At least nine people were killed, when when a tour bus collided violently along tracks with a truck stop in Glenn County, California.
A very special attendant experiential learning activity was held on the train T76.
A attendant experiential learning and learning activity was held on the train T76.
A attendant experiential learning activity event was held on the passenger train T76.
A very special attendant experiential activity was held on the passenger train T76.
A attendant day of experiential activity was also held on the train T76.
Joseph Oleg Lenkun wants parliament to amend the police law to empower more police officers.
Josephs - Oleg Lenku wants parliament to amend the law to better empower police officers.
Joseph Ole Lenkum wants parliament to amend the police law and to empower more police officers.
Joseph Ole Lenku wants parliament to amend the law and to also help empower new police officers.
Joseph Ole Lenkula wants parliamentarians to help him amend the law to empower police officers.
Roy Hibbert admits the many Indiana State Pacers'fans are in a downward spiral.
Roy Hibbert admits the " Indiana State Pacers fans themselves are in a downward spiral.
Roy Hibbert admits the young Indiana Pacers fans are in a dangerous, downward spiral.
Royden Hibbert admits that the Indiana Pacers fans are in a dangerous downward spiral.
Royden Hibbert also admits the Indiana Pacers fans themselves are in a downward spiral.
Statinsise can impair memory.
Statins can also severely impair memory.
Statinsis can also impair memory.
Statins can also also impair memory.
Statins can also severely impair memory.
Seattle Mariners'trade deadline rumors have.
Seattle Mariners - Mariners trade rumors have.
Seattle Mariners'trade deadline rumors have.
Seattle Mariners'trade, rumors have.
Seattle - Seattle Mariners trade rumors have.
Gina Carano is also currently pondering a return to professional competitive MMA.
Gina Caranola is pondering on a return to professional competitive MMA.
Gina, Caranola, is pondering a return to competitive MMA.
Gina Carano is pondering on a return home career to competitive MMA.
Gina Caranola is pondering a possible future return to competitive MMA.
A young woman and a police officer has been suspended.
A woman and police station security officer has been suspended.
A young woman police station security officer has been suspended.
A woman police - station officer, has been suspended.
A woman driver and police officer has also been suspended.
John Travolta, is heading straight back to London to anchor an Valentine's - Day event.
John Travolta, is heading to East London to help anchor an Valentine's - Day event.
John Travolta is heading straight back to London, to anchor for an Valentine's Day event.
John Travolta is currently heading to North London to anchor for an upcoming Valentine's Day event.
John Travolta is heading to London, to anchor for an upcoming special Valentine's Day event.
Police also rescued 928 abducted children.
Police rescued the remaining 92 abducted children.
Police rescued the 928 abducted children.
Police rescued the 928 abducted children.
Police also rescued 924 abducted children.
Mayor Alvin Brown raised more than US $ $ 19, 000 annually in January.
Mayor John Alvin Brown raised slightly more than than $ 19, 000 in January.
Mayor Alvin Brown raised slightly more than $ US $ 19, 000 in January.
Mayor John Alvin Brown raised more than US $ $ 19, 000 in January.
Mayor Alvin - Lee Brown had raised more than $ 19, 000 in January.
School buildings nearby will also be closed because of the storm.
School will be temporarily closed because because of of the storm.
School will not be closed because of effects of the storm.
School buildings will also be closed because of of the storm.
School will be temporarily temporarily closed temporarily because of the storm.
Top marketing strategy strategist and Nirmalyak Kumari will join Tata Sons.
Top marketing strategy strategist and CEO Nirmalyat Kumar will join Tata Sons.
Top marketing strategy strategist and former CEO Nirmalya Kumar will join Tata Sons.
Top marketing strategist duo Vijay Kumar and Nirmalya Kumar will join Tata Sons.
Top marketing strategy consultant and strategist and Nirmalya Kumar will join Tata Sons.
Older, open heart patients present with some unique challenges for determining the optimal dosages of medications.
Older heart disease patients may present unique challenges necessary for determining on the optimal dosages of medications.
Older heart disease patients may present unique challenges for accurately determining the most optimal dosages of medications.
Older heart and disease related patients present unique challenges for accurately determining the optimal dosages of medications.
Older heart patients present unique clinical challenges for accurately determining on average the optimal dosages of medications.
PORTERVILLE, this man, he will face murder charges, again.
PORTERVILLE, and this young man will face murder charges, again.
PORTERVILLE, man, will never face federal murder charges, again.
PORTERVILLE, this young man will never face murder charges, again.
PORTERVILLE, this man will face murderous murder charges, again.
The Roe v. Wade Justice Wade anniversary party is being attacked again by Bristol Palin.
The 2008 " Roe Wade v. " Wade anniversary is being attacked by Bristol Palin.
The 2008 Roemer v. Wade anniversary is about being attacked by the Bristol Palin.
The Roe v. Wade anniversary party and website is also being attacked by Bristol Palin.
The 2008 Roe v. Wade anniversary is being heavily - attacked, by Bristol Palin.
Azerbaijan seeks instead not only to upset the status quo.
Azerbaijan also seeks to upset China with the status quo.
Azerbaijan also actively seeks to upset with the status quo.
Azerbaijan has also actively seeks to upset the status quo.
Azerbaijan seeks to be not upset with the status quo.
Nissan will replace the Henry Ford Racing as a sponsor of Champions'League football.
Nissan Motors will replace Henry Ford as a sponsor company of UEFA Champions League football.
Nissan will replace Ford Motors as being a title sponsor of Champions'League football.
Nissan will replace the Henry - Ford as a sponsor company of Champions League football.
Nissan will replace Ford as a main shirt sponsor company of AFC Champions League football.
Paladion has also been launched on the website protection service.
Paladion service has been launched based on website protection service.
Paladion TV has launched advertisements on its website protection service.
Paladion has launched an on website fire - protection service.
Paladion has been launched on to the website protection service.
Nemanja - Vidic has long since been released from the hospital after suffering from a concussion.
Nemanja Vidic has since then been finally released from the hospital, after suffering a concussion.
Nemanja Vidic has been released from at the local hospital after initially suffering from a concussion.
Nemanja - Vidic has long - since been released from the hospital after suffering a concussion.
Nemanja Vidicja has been later on released from the hospital after suffering from a concussion.
Nigeria loses 400, 000 barrels daily to crude nonco - oil theft.
Nigeria loses 400, 000 000 million oil barrels daily to crude oil theft.
Nigeria loses 400, 000 barrels, sold almost daily to crude oil theft.
Nigeria loses 400, 000 000 barrels sold daily to prevent crude oil theft.
Nigeria loses 400, 000 000 barrels sold daily to crude - oil theft.
BPA has accused a US immigration lawyer of committing brazen fraud.
BPA has also accused a US lawyer, of brazen fraud.
BP has been also accused as a US lawyer of brazen fraud.
BP has also falsely accused a US lawyer, of brazen fraud.
BP has accused even at once a US lawyer of brazen fraud.
Doctors have engineered a new human nasal and cartilage graft from the patients'nasal septum and cartilage cells.
Doctors have successfully engineered a human nasal cartilage graft made from patients'''nasal septum cartilage cells.
Doctors have successfully engineered a human nasal cartilage graft made from all the patients'nasal septum cartilage cells.
Doctors have also engineered a new human cartilage graft made from patients'nasal bone and septum cartilage cells.
Doctors have engineered a new human cartilage graft made from within the patients'own nasal septum cartilage cells.
The US Food and Drug Administration also has approved stronger early warning drug labels for almost all prescription opioid painkillers.
The US Food and Drug Administration Administration Administration has approved stronger warning drug labels, for all prescription opioid painkillers.
The US Food and Drug Administration Administration and Administration Department has approved stronger warning labels for almost all opioid painkillers.
The US Food Safety and the Drug Administration has approved stronger early warning labeling labels for all opioid painkillers.
The US Food Safety and Drug Administration has approved stronger early warning labels for all prescription - drug opioid painkillers.
CSKA Moscow had kept keeping up the pressure.
CSKA Moscow just kept building up the pressure.
CSKA in Moscow kept building up the pressure.
CSKA Moscow kept building - up the pressure.
CSKA - Moscow has kept up the pressure.
90, 000 rainbow trout species worldwide will have to be euthanized.
90, 000 trout will have to be also not be euthanized.
90, 000 trout will have to be also not be euthanized.
90, 000 000 trout will have to be also be euthanized.
90, 000 trout will now also have to also be euthanized.
Carl Icahn said that he also likes playing Bill Ackman.
Carl von der Icahn said he likes playing Bill Ackman.
Carl von der Icahn said he really likes Bill Ackman.
Carl von der Icahn said he likes playing Bill Ackman.
Carl Friedrich von Icahn said he likes playing Bill Ackman.
Los Angeles - Angeles Lakers coach Mikel D'Antoni resigned.
Los - Angeles Lakers Lakers coach, Mike D'Antoni resigned.
Los - Angeles Lakers Lakers coach, Mike D'Antoni resigned.
Los Angeles Lakers Lakers Lakers coach, Mike D'Antoni resigned.
Los Angeles Lakers Lakers coach Mikey Joe D'Antoni resigned.
Buildings that would have had to come up in reclaimed areas, would be inspected.
Buildings that have come up to empty in the reclaimed areas would also be inspected.
Buildings that normally would have come up in reclaimed areas would not even be inspected.
Buildings that would have come washed up in reclaimed land areas, would be inspected.
Buildings found that have not come up properly in reclaimed areas would also be inspected.
Howard says that he would fight a future UFC Light Heavyweight bout for $ 10 million.
Howard says he never would fight in a single single UFC bout for $ 10 million.
Howard says he would fight a UFC bout for just over $ US $ 10 million.
Howard says he would not fight a UFC Championship bout again for over $ 10 million.
Howard says he would not fight a UFC bout for over $ $. 10 million.
The current US Supreme Court is beginning a term with many controversial issues.
The US Supreme Court is beginning a brand new term with controversial issues.
The Supreme Judicial Supreme Court is beginning a term filled with controversial issues.
The Supreme Court is beginning with a new term with more controversial issues.
The California Supreme Court is beginning with a term with many controversial issues.
Titan Oil Company shares gain after the Credit Suisse upgrades the stock price index to outperform.
Titan Oil Company shares gain value after the Credit Suisse upgrades to the stock to outperform.
Titan Investment Company expects shares gain significantly after Credit Suisse upgrades the underlying stock to outperform.
Titan Company expects shares to gain after acquiring Credit Suisse and upgrades the stock to outperform.
Titan Oil Company shares gain after Credit Credit Credit Suisse upgrades allowing the stock to outperform.
French First Vice President Francois Hollande visited Poland.
French Vice President Francois François Hollande visited Poland.
French President, Francois Hollande, visited Poland.
French President Francois Hollande also has visited Poland.
French President, Francois François Hollande visited Poland.
Sebastian Vettel has enormous respect for his Ferrari teammate Mark Webber.
Sebastian Vettel has an almost - enormous respect for Mark Webber.
Sebastiano Vettel has enormous respect especially for Sir Mark Webber.
Sebastian Vettel, also has enormous respect for teammate Mark Webber.
Sebastiano Vettel has an almost enormous respect for Mark Webber.
The Poet Laureates Award will be honoured.
The Poet - Poet Laureate will be honoured.
The Australian Poet Laureate will also be honoured.
The Poet - Laureate will also be honoured.
The next International Poet Laureate will be honoured.
Kakah will be quickly eased back back into action.
Kakah will probably never be eased back into action.
Kakah will not be quickly eased back into action.
Kakah will be immediately eased right back into action.
Kakah will be very quickly eased back into action.
Ukraine said that it would not grant it an amnesty to protesters.
Ukraine has said that it would grant only an amnesty to protesters.
Ukraine said that it would not grant an immediate amnesty to protesters.
Ukraine said it would also not immediately grant an amnesty to protesters.
Ukraine also said it would also not grant an amnesty to protesters.
Blythe the woman died from her injuries she sustained in starting a Tuesday night fire.
Blythe woman died later from injuries sustained earlier in a large, Tuesday night fire.
Blythe woman died from injuries she sustained in a large, Tuesday - night fire.
Blythe the woman died from injuries she sustained in a Tuesday late - night fire.
Blythe the woman died later from injuries sustained earlier in a Tuesday - night fire.
The no multi deuce or wild card in video poker.
The first no multi deuce game of wild video poker.
The no multi - player deuce of wild video poker.
The no multi deuce wild - card card video poker.
The no - multi - deuce wild card video poker.
Miley Cyrus's the Beyonce, while insisting the quotes themselves, are made up.
Miley Cyrus's on the Beyonce, while insisting the best quotes are made up.
Miley Cyrus's the Beyonce, all while insisting that the quotes are made up.
Miley Cyrus's the Beyonce, by insisting only that the quotes are made up.
Miley Cyrus's the only official Beyonce, insisting the quotes themselves are made up.
The Jesse Jackson campaign will also occasionally speak at Furman University.
The Jesse Jackson Show will speak at at the Furman University.
The Jesse Jackson Foundation Jackson Foundation will speak at Furman University.
The late Jesse Jackson will also speak at at Furman University.
The Jesse Jackson Jackson presidential campaign will speak at Furman University.
Credit Suisse plans to also permanently permanently close some accounts.
Credit Suisse has plans not to close down some accounts.
Credit Credit Credit Suisse plans not to close some accounts.
Credit Credit Credit Suisse plans to close down some accounts.
Credit Credit Suisse has plans to close down some accounts.
Three flu strains currently identified today are circulating in Iowa.
Three human flu strains that currently are circulating in Iowa.
Three confirmed human flu strains currently are circulating in Iowa.
Three flu strains currently identified are circulating only in Iowa.
Three fluke strains are also currently circulating in Iowa.
John McCarthy John Joseph Joseph McCarthy celebrated on his 100th birthday.
John Joseph McCarthy : John McCarthy celebrated on his 100th birthday.
John McCarthy John Joseph McCarthy celebrated on it his 100th birthday.
John McCarthy John McCarthy also celebrated on his own 100th birthday.
John McCarthy John Joseph McCarthy celebrated his very own 100th birthday.
Gadgets that I can get you fit.
Gadgets that can always get you fit.
Gadgets can almost always get you fit.
Gadgets that can always get you fit.
Gadgets that can get all you fit.
Garrett - Gomez has been recently cleared up to resume riding lessons at Del Mar.
Garrett Gomez, has been cleared up to resume riding lessons at Camp Del Mar.
Garrett - Michael Gomez has been cleared to resume riding and lessons at Del Mar.
Garrett - Gomez has now been cleared to resume his bull riding at Del Mar.
Garrett Gomez has been cleared to resume his bull - riding at Camp Del Mar.
Julia Roberts are mourning half half - sister, Nancy Motes, III ( who died at age of 37 is.
Julia Roberts are mourning half - sister, Nancy Roberts Motes, who " died very suddenly at age 37 is.
Julia Roberts'are - mourning half - sister, Nancy Motes, who died suddenly at the age 37 is.
Julia and Roberts are mourning half - sister, Nancy Motes, who died suddenly ( at age of 37 is.
Julia and daughter Julia Roberts are mourning half - sister, Nancy Motes, who has died at age 37 is.
The 2019 HTC One - Max has not been officially announced.
The HTC - S - One Max has been officially announced.
The new HTC One - Max has been not officially announced.
The new HTC One - Max has not been officially announced.
The HTC One - Max has not been yet officially announced.
Mr. will also help celebrate their 65th anniversary.
Mr. will celebrate them on their 65th anniversary.
Mr. will celebrate on their own 65th anniversary.
Mr. will celebrate them on their 65th anniversary.
Mr. will celebrate their very own 65th anniversary.
Special Students at the Shriverville Area Unified Camp received certificates as it was aimed at students at the camp.
Special Students at the nearby Shriverville Unified Camp also received their certificates as it was taught at the camp.
Special Students at the former Shriverville Unified Camp received certificates, as it was at at least the camp.
Special Students at the Shriver Unified Camp also received certificates, as was it always so was at the camp.
Special Students at the Camp Shriver Unified Training Camp received their certificates as if learning it was at the camp.
Natasha Henstridge, has filed unsuccessfully for divorce.
Natasha - Henstridge has filed unsuccessfully for divorce.
Natasha Henstridge has also filed unsuccessfully for divorce.
Natasha - Henstridge has filed unsuccessfully for divorce.
Natasha Henstridge has also since filed for divorce.
Two diesel trucks were destroyed in an intense heavy electrical equipment fire northwest of Meeteetse.
Two other diesel trucks were also destroyed in starting an fire northwest out of Meeteetse.
Two diesel fuel trucks, were destroyed in causing of an fire northwest of Meeteetse.
Two diesel trucks, which were destroyed, in an fire just northwest of Meeteetse.
Two diesel trucks, were destroyed, in causing an fire, northwest of Meeteetse.
DSW Inc. is pleased enough now to officially announce the grand opening of a new flagship store in Littleton, CO.
DSW Inc. is pleased enough to be announce with the opening of a new retail storefront in Littleton, CO.
DSW Inc. is pleased, enough to announce the opening of a new storefront location in downtown Littleton, CO.
DSW Inc., is also pleased to officially officially announce about the opening of a new store in Littleton, CO.
DSW Inc., is also pleased to officially announce the opening of a new brand new store in Littleton, CO.
Qantas Airways International Group has increased its stakeholding in Jetstar Japan.
Qantas Airways also has also recently increased its stake in Jetstar Japan.
Qantas Airways also has recently increased in its stake in Jetstar Japan.
Qantas Airways has increased significantly its ownership and stake in Jetstar Japan.
Qantas World Airways has also increased its stakeholding in Jetstar Japan.
His evil alter ego Johnny Vegas had took over his life.
His ego Johnny Vegas took great precedence over all his life.
His ego Johnny in Vegas, took over all his life.
His ego Johnny Vegas had practically took over all his life.
His ego, Johnny Vegas took precedence over all his life.
Cyclist Ryder van Hesjedal has admitted himself guilty to doping.
Cyclist Ryder van van der Hesjedal has admitted to doping.
Cyclist Ryder Hesjedal has admitted to exposing himself to doping.
Cyclist Ryder Hesjedall also has admitted himself to doping.
Cyclist Ryder Hesjedall, has also admitted to doping.
A 4. 9 magnitude earthquake also jolted through almost much of western Wyoming.
A 4. 5 9 magnitude earthquake also jolted much of far western Wyoming.
A magnitude 4. 5 9 magnitude earthquake jolted much of extreme western Wyoming.
A 4. 5 9 - magnitude 1906 earthquake jolted much of western Wyoming.
A magnitude 4. 5 5 9 magnitude earthquake jolted much of western Wyoming.
Merck & Co plans to further cut operating capital costs by $ 2. 5 billion and to also eliminate 8, 500 jobs.
Merck & Tiffany Co. plans to cut costs down by US $ 2. 5 billion and eliminate over 8, 500 jobs.
Merck & Co plans plans to further cut costs by $ US 2. 5 - billion and eliminate 8, 000 500 jobs.
Merck & Co plans plans to cut costs down, by over $ 2. 5 billion, and eliminate 8, 500 jobs.
Merck & Co. plans plans to cut costs down by US $ $ 2. 5 billion and eliminate 8, 500 jobs.
The city of Lake Nampa got just a little little bit brighter.
The city - lights of Nampa got just a little bit brighter.
The old city of Nampa got brighter just a little bit brighter.
The old city lights of Nampa got just a little bit brighter.
The city lights outside of Nampa got a little a bit brighter.
The Rolling the Stones'concert tour is set to resume immediately following the tragedy.
The Rolling Stones concert tour is set - up to resume immediately following the tragedy.
The Rolling Stones tour schedule is set up to resume immediately following up the tragedy.
The Rolling Stones tour is set to soon resume following, and after the tragedy.
The Rolling Stones tour is set up to soon resume, following after the tragedy.
A woman activist has been also charged with several animal cruelty offences.
A young woman who has been charged twice with animal cruelty offences.
A woman has also been charged twice with animal - cruelty offences.
A woman has also recently been charged with several animal cruelty offences.
A woman has been also charged with two serious animal cruelty offences.
AMR Capital Corp. soared, earning over $ $ 289 million during the early third quarter.
AMR Capital Corp. sales soared, earning $ $. 289 million during the third quarter.
AMR Capital Corp. soared, eventually earning $ 289 million annually, during the third quarter.
AMR Corp. soared, eventually eventually earning $ $ 289 million during the early third quarter.
AMR Corp. soared, earning $ $ 2894 million annually during only the third quarter.
Visakhapatnam former Karnataka Union Chief Minister M D. Purandeswari is likely to join BJP.
Visakhapatnam, where former Union Minister D Purandeswari is likely going on to join BJP.
Visakhapatnam former Union Minister, M. D Purandeswari is likely going to join BJP.
Visakhapatnam former Deputy Union Minister M D. Purandeswari is likely to also join BJP.
Visakhapatnam former Union Minister, D. Purandeswari is likely going to also join BJP.
The Sahara Group has also sought change in implementing the court order.
The Saudi Sahara Media Media Group sought change in the court order.
The Sahara Group sought a rule of change in the court order.
The Sahara Group sought a change in policy implementing the court order.
The Sahara Media Group has sought change in the original court order.
Two former Port Poulsbo firefighters have completed their SWAT training.
Two Poulsbournshire firefighters also have completed SWAT training.
Two Poulsbournshire firefighters also have completed SWAT training.
Two Poulsbo firefighters also have recently also completed SWAT training.
Two Poulsbo firefighters, also may have completed SWAT training.
Gas worth Rs. 1. 5 2 billion was also being stolen almost every month.
Gas worth around Rs. - 1. 2 billion was being stolen almost every month.
Gases worth Rs. 1 - 1. 2 billion was being stolen every month.
Gases worth around US Rs. 1. 2 billion was being stolen every month.
Gases worth Rs. 1. 2 billion was being reported stolen almost every month.
Pixar Studios have announced recently that they are planning sequels, for two, The Incredibles and Z Cars 2.
Pixar have recently also announced they also are planning sequels, for two, The New Incredibles and Cars 2.
Pixar Animation Studios, have announced that, they are planning sequels for two, The Incredibles and Cars 2.
Pixar have announced they also are planning sequels, for two, titled The New and Incredibles and Cars 2.
Pixar have announced they are planning a sequels series planned for two, titled The Incredibles and The Cars 2.
Andy Garcia also joins the Max Steel movie.
Andy Garcia joins the new Max Steel movie.
Andy de Garcia also joins Max Steel movie.
Andy Garcia also joins the Max Steel movie.
Andy Garcia joins the new Max Steel movie.
The Arab League held the Syrian government administration responsible for the alleged and alleged chemical attack.
The Syrian Arab League held evidence that was the Syrian administration responsible for the chemical attack.
The Syrian Arab Republic League held the Syrian government administration responsible for the alleged chemical attack.
The Arab League held the entire Syrian administration as responsible only for the alleged chemical attack.
The Syrian Arab League held that the entire Syrian administration responsible only for the chemical attack.
Equities at the Stifel Nicolaus initiated coverage on selling the shares of the Oshkosh Corp.
Equities at Stifel Nicolaus initiated coverage on the selling the shares of the Oshkosh Corp.
Equities investment management at Stifel Nicolaus also initiated coverage on shares sales of Oshkosh Corp.
Equities at which the company Stifel Nicolaus initiated coverage on the shares of Oshkosh Corp.
Equities at which the Stifel Nicolaus initiated coverage on selling the shares of Oshkosh Corp.
UFC : Fight for the Border Troops website : is.
UFC Fight Night for the Black Troops Source : is.
UFC Fight for Glory Across the Troops website : is.
UFC Fight for the Border Troops website at : is.
UFC Fight for All the Borderland Troops : is.
Ceram will be hosting a free free webinar, tentatively, titled How Clean is Your Device.
Ceram will be hosting on YouTube, a free webinar, How So Clean is Your Device.
Ceramics will be currently hosting on a free webinar, How Cleaner is Your Device.
Ceram will also be hosting a free and free webinar, How Cleaner is Your Device.
Ceram will be currently hosting on a free webinar, How So Clean is Not Your Device.
Cardinals catcher José Yadier Molinaro left a game early with only a sore wrist.
Cardinals'catcher Yadier Molina left after a game with only half a sore wrist.
Cardinals catcher Yadier Molinaro was left a full game with a very sore wrist.
Cardinals catcher, Yadier Molina, left after a game with a very sore wrist.
Cardinals catcher, Yadiero Molina left after a game with a very sore wrist.
Stevan Ridley also narrowly missed out his third consecutive practice.
Stevan Ridley had also missed his record third consecutive practice.
Stevan Ridley also missed on his third - consecutive practice.
Stevan Ridley also missed his third - straight consecutive practice.
Stevan Ridley also missed in only his third consecutive practice.
América Móvil must also be aggressive in reaching the entire Colombian market.
Américas Móviles must also be aggressive in the Colombian market.
América Móvil must be very aggressive, even in the Colombian market.
Américas - Móvil must be aggressive in targeting the Colombian market.
América Móvil must be much more economically aggressive in the Colombian market.
Rob Ford should never willingly step down.
Rob Ford really should just step down.
Rob Ford should never willingly step down.
Rob and Ford really should step down.
Rob Ford really should just step down.
House of Democrats arrested.
House of Democrats arrested.
House of Democrats arrested.
House of Democrats arrested.
House of Democrats arrested.
James Gandolfini's watch was also stolen far away from his room, on the day he died.
James Cardinal Gandolfini's watch was also stolen from inside his room, on the day he died.
James Gandolfini's pocket watch was stolen from his room, on the same day that he died.
James Edward II di Gandolfini's watch was stolen from his room on the day before he died.
James Gandolfini's gold watch box was stolen away from his room on the day before he died.
Electronics valued, and including a small - boat motor, were reported stolen.
Electronics valued, and equipment including, a boat motor, were reported stolen.
Electronics were valued, and a boat motor, all were also reported stolen.
Electronics valued, and a small boat motor, which were also reported stolen.
Electronics valued, and a small boat and motor, all were reported stolen.
Massimo Di Cellino, is found guilty again of tax evasion.
Massimo Cellino is found not guilty of income - tax evasion.
Massimo Di Cellino is later found guilty of income tax evasion.
Massimo Cellino is found guilty again, guilty of tax evasion.
Massimo Di Cellino is found not guilty of income tax evasion.
NHL stars will play professional hockey in Sochi.
NHL hockey stars will play hockey in Sochi.
NHL stars will play hockey here in Sochi.
NHL hockey stars who will play in Sochi.
NHL ice hockey stars will play in Sochi.
A fetus was later found dead inside a rear passenger jeepney.
A fetus body was also found inside a rear passenger jeepney.
A fetus body sample was later found inside a passenger jeepney.
A fetus body sample was found inside of a passenger jeepney.
A female fetus was found inside of in a passenger jeepney.
Sepp Blatter will push plans for the 2022 FIFA Club World Cup, to also be moved to the winter.
Sepp Blatters will also push for the 2022 World Cricket Cup to not be moved to during the winter.
Sepp Blatter will also also also push for the 2022 FIFA World Cup to be permanently moved to the winter.
Sepp Blatter will also push it for the 2022 World Cup Final, to not be moved to the winter.
Sepp Blatters will also push for the then upcoming 2022 World Cup to be moved to during the winter.
George Henry - Bailey scored centuries and set records against India.
George Henry Bailey scored and set records again, against India.
George Bailey scored and set records, once again against India.
George Henry Bailey scored and both set records again against India.
George Henry - Bailey also scored and set records against India.
A small flu - shot clinic.
A small, flu shot clinic.
A small flu - shot clinic.
A very small flu shot clinic.
A small flu - shot clinic.
Wellington Police are also seeking any possible witnesses to report a possible hit and run.
Wellington Police are also seeking any witnesses related to a possible fatal hit and run.
Wellington Police officers are also seeking any witnesses to a possible hit - and run.
Wellington Police Police are seeking any witnesses related to a hit hit hit and run.
Wellington Police are seeking any other, possible forensic witnesses to a hit and run.
The Bradley Cleveland County Schools sued the city of Cleveland, over the alleged illegal issuer of liquor tax funds.
The Bradley Cleveland County Schools sued the entire city of Greater Cleveland, over the issue of liquor sales tax funds.
The Bradley County Public Schools sued the independent city of Cleveland, over raising the issue of municipal liquor tax funds.
The former Bradley County Schools District was sued with the city of Cleveland over the issue of municipal liquor tax funds.
The Bradley County Schools sued against the city government of Cleveland over the highly - controversial issue of liquor tax funds.
Chief Justice John Keef has been temporarily moved from a rehab facility because of the media attention.
Chief Justice Keef has been moved away from a rehabilitating facility because of the media attention.
Chief Keef has been moved from a hospital rehabilitating facility, because lack of media attention.
Chief Keef has been temporarily moved from to to a rehabilitating facility because of media attention.
Chief Justice Keefe has been moved from a drug rehab facility, because of media attention.
Musician Chris Brown also has it modified for his Lamborghini Aventador.
Musician Chris Brown, has since also modified his Lamborghini Aventador.
Musician, Chris Brown, has modified his signature Lamborghini Aventador.
Musician Chris Michael Brown has also heavily modified his Lamborghini Aventador.
Musician Chris Lee Brown also has modified for his Lamborghini Aventador.
The California State Legislative District Assembly elected Republican Toni Atkins as its the Assembly Speaker.
The 2016 California California State Legislative Assembly elected Republican Toni Atkins as the Assembly Speaker.
The California State Legislative Assembly elected, Toni Atkins, as the first Assembly Speaker.
The California State Assembly elected Democrat, Tonia Lee Atkins as the Assembly Speaker.
The 2010 California California California State Assembly elected Toni Atkins, as the Assembly Speaker.
Facts of star actress Kimberley Fields shares the photos of baby boy.
Facts of star Kimberley - Fields shares the same photos baby boy.
Facts of star Kimber Fields also shares in the photos baby boy.
Facts of Life star Kim Fields also shares in the photos baby boy.
Facts of star actress, actress Kim Fields shares the photos baby boy.
Tom Cole is back and hosting a new town hall town meeting being held in Chickasha.
Tom Cole is coming back and he is hosting a town hall town meeting in Chickasha.
Tom Cole is back and says he is hosting at a town hall meeting in Chickasha.
Tommie Cole is back and hosting at a new town hall town meeting in Chickasha.
Tommie Coles, is back and hosting a town - hall meeting in Chickasha.
The new London gold - fix, may not even have been manipulated for a decade.
The London - gold fix, which may well have been manipulated, for a decade.
The London Bridge gold fix, may have been manipulated, for well over a decade.
The original, London - gold fix, which may have been manipulated for a decade.
The original London gold fix, may have only been digitally manipulated for about a decade.
The leading international Chinese retailer Alibaba plans it to float.
The largest Chinese retailer, Alibaba, plans to float.
The Chinese clothing retailer Alibaba plans for it to float.
The Chinese luxury clothing retailer Alibaba also plans to float.
The major Chinese retailer Alibaba Group also plans to float.
Gabrielle Giffords will make in a special campaign appearance calling for Bruce Braley.
Gabrielle Ann Giffords will make such a campaign appearance speaking for Bruce Braley.
Gabrielle Giffords will make a campaign closing appearance speaking out for Bruce Braley.
Gabrielle Giffords will make such a campaign appearance for State Senator Bruce Braley.
Gabrielle Giffords also will make a campaign appearance, speaking for Bruce Braley.
The US - Federal Supreme Federal Court will decide on only the software patent protection issue.
The US Federal Supreme Judicial Court, will decide on the software patent - protection issue.
The US - Federal Supreme Court will decide it unanimously on the software patent protection issue.
The US US Supreme Court will also not decide on the software patent - protection issue.
The new US Supreme Judicial Court will also decide on the free software patent protection issue.
President and Chairman - General of both the Xi Jinping government and Vladimir Putin jointly held video talks with all of the captains of Chinese navy and Russian naval vessels participating in escorting the Russian shipping of the Syrian chemical weapons.
President and Chairman of the Xi Jinping and Vladimir Putin held jointly hand - hand held video - chat talks, with captains of Chinese and Russian naval patrol vessels participating in escorting of the shipping of the Syrian chemical weapons.
President and Chairman of both of the Xi Jinping and President Vladimir Putin jointly have held video talks with captains, of Chinese and Russian naval patrol vessels participating jointly, in escorting of the shipping of Syrian nuclear chemical weapons.
President and Chairman of the Xi Jinping government, and Vladimir Putin jointly - held video talks, along with captains of Chinese naval navy and several Russian naval patrol vessels participating in escorting the shipping of Syrian nuclear chemical weapons.
President and Chairman General of the Xi - Xi Jinping government and President Vladimir Putin jointly held video talks with captains of Chinese navy vessels, and Russian Navy naval vessels participating in and escorting the shipping of Syrian chemical weapons.
The Obama campaign dog has caused a bit of trouble while at attending the White House event.
The Barack Obama dog caused a bit bit of legal trouble at the White - House event.
The Barack Obama dogfight has caused a little bit of trouble at the White House event.
The Barack Obama dog has caused a bit by bit of trouble at the White House event.
The Obama dog has caused a bit of trouble at attending the annual White - House event.
Karachi police, have arrested the 135 accused.
Karachi police, have arrested the 135 accused.
Karachi, city police, arrested 135 accused.
Karachi city police, arrested the 135 accused.
Karachi city police, arrested the 135 accused.
Three other hospitals involved will be being investigated over links to Jimmy Savile.
Three hospitals will be being further investigated over links linked to Jimmy Savile.
Three new hospitals located nationwide will be investigated over links to Jimmy Savile.
Three hospitals will also be investigated over their alleged links to Jimmy Savile.
Three hospitals will be being investigated over links to Irish gangster Jimmy Savile.
A young Hummelstown man was also charged with fleeing, the state police said.
A Hummelstown man was charged for twice with illegally fleeing, state police said.
A Hummelstown maniac was charged with fleeing, the Pennsylvania state police said.
A Hummelstown black man was charged twice with illegally fleeing, state police said.
A Hummelstown man who was charged was charged with fleeing, state police said.
Broward Sheriff's Deputies, who are also searching for a man, robbing the same store twice.
Broward County County Deputy Sheriff's Deputies who are searching for a man robbing the same store twice.
Broward Sheriff's Deputies who are searching for a man and robbing him of the same store twice.
Broward Sheriff's Deputies are now searching again for such a man robbing in the same store twice.
Broward County Deputy Sheriff's Deputies are also searching for a man robbing the same grocery store twice.
USC also made a runout at Harbaugh.
USC made a touchdown run aimed at Harbaugh.
USC made up quite a run at Harbaugh.
USC also never made a run at Harbaugh.
USC also never made a run at Harbaugh.
Politico reached into a deal to buy online news publishing site, Capital Times New York.
Politico reached a deal to buy the leading independent online news publishing site Capital New York.
Politico reached a new deal to then also directly buy online news site Capital New York.
Politico reached a deal agreeing not to buy online and business news site Capital New York.
Politico reached a deal to buy online business news publishing news site Venture Capital New York.
David Cameron himself has also publicly declared war on online pornography.
David Cameron has declared a warring on illegal online pornography.
David Cameron David Cameron has also declared war on online pornography.
David Cameron has declared warring parties on illegal online pornography.
David Cameron has also declared a war on illegal online pornography.
The Daily News Dow hit 16, 000.
The weekly Dow News hit 16, 000.
The Dow News circulation hit 16, 000.
The Daily Dowant hit 16, 000.
The Dow News hit $ 16, 000.
Katie Ann McGrath has joined her in the cast of Jurassic World.
Katie Ann McGrath has joined the cast, instead of Jurassic World.
Katie McGrath has joined in the current main cast of Jurassic World.
Katie McGrath also has recently joined the cast recording of Jurassic World.
Katie Ann - McGrath has since joined the cast of Jurassic World.
Boat - boat arrivals continue to slow.
Boat - arrivals continue but to slow.
Boat - arrivals continue but to slow.
Boat - boat arrivals continue to slow.
Boat arrivals will continue but to slow.
Janwani will soon come back up with its current traffic status and report for Pune city.
Janwani Pune City Express will soon come with its traffic and status report for Pune city.
Janwani will soon come with all its traffic and status report for all the Pune city.
Janwani Metro will soon be come up with its traffic status and report for Pune city.
Janwani will soon be come up with its first traffic status report, for Pune city.
21st Century Fox is considering taking over the majority control instead of creating the YES Network.
21st Century Fox is currently taking - over majority ownership and control of the YES Network.
21st - Century Fox is taking take - over majority of control of the YES Network.
21st Century Fox is taking - over the majority control instead of the existing YES Network.
21st 21st - Century Fox Fox is taking over the majority control of the YES Network.
Indian government diplomat Devyani Khobragade says that the government foreign minister will speak for her.
Indian diplomat, Dr Devyani Khobragade says that the government minister will speak for her.
Indian diplomat Devyani Khobragade says that the Indian government officials will not speak for her.
Indian government senior diplomat Devyani Khobragade says the Indian government will speak out for her.
Indian federal - government diplomat Devyani Khobragade says the government will speak out for her.
Tom Foley, who was, or, has since died at 84.
Tom Foley, and everyone who was, has since died at 84.
Tom Foley, who was, and has now, died at 84.
Tom Foley, who he was, has also died, at 84.
Tom Foley, or who he was, has now died at 84.
Google is looking it out for the Fountains of Youth.
Google is also looking out for the Fountains of Youth.
Google Earth is looking for the Google Fountains of Youth.
Google Earth Google is looking for the Fountains of Youth.
Google Earth is looking for the Fountains Fountain of Youth.
The only former BFI has appointed to the directorate of education.
The UK BFI has appointed him to the directorate of education.
The BFI also has been appointed to be the director of education.
The BFI has appointed to it the deputy directorate of education.
The BFI has appointed him to the directorate charge of education.
HBO's Game of Thrones had just about finally went too far.
HBO's Gamer Game of Thrones finally just went too far.
HBO's Gamer of the Thrones had finally went too far.
HBO's A Game of Thrones had finally just went too far.
HBO's A Video - Game of Thrones finally went too far.
Derek Carrick is unsure of if he will throw it at the 2019 NFL Combine.
Derek Carr is also unsure if anything else he will throw at at the NFL Combine.
Derek - Carr is still unsure if he will ever throw it at the NFL Combine.
Derek - Derek Carr is unsure if he himself will ever throw at the NFL Combine.
Derek - Carrington is unsure of if he will throw at the upcoming NFL Combine.
Bosch Group aims it to nearly double its Asia - Pacific sales by 2020.
Bosch aims to double its global Asia - Pacific sales by volume by 2020.
Bosch Group aims to nearly - double its Asia - Pacific sales by 2020.
Bosch aims to double - line up its Asia - Pacific sales by 2020.
Bosch aims to nearly double its global Asia - Pacific Pacific sales by 2020.
Officials say that multiple arrests have been made for a local crack - cocaine ring.
Officials say multiple arrests there may have been made calling for a crack cocaine ring.
Officials say multiple arrests have already already been made calling for a crack cocaine ring.
Officials say that multiple more recent arrests may have been made for a cocaine ring.
Officials say multiple arrests have also been made, calling for a crack cocaine ring.
A Belgian racing cyclist has also attempted suicide.
A former Belgian racing cyclist has attempted suicide.
A former Belgian cyclist has also attempted suicide.
A Belgian cyclist who has twice attempted suicide.
A former Belgian cyclist has also attempted suicide.
Mischa and Barton looked so happy and healthy out on the red carpet.
Mischa Barton had looked happy, and healthy, on the red carpet.
Mischa Barton had looked so happy and healthy on the big red carpet.
Mischa Barton looked happy, healthy and healthy on the beautiful red carpet.
Mischa and Barton looked perfectly happy and perfectly healthy on the red carpet.
TheStreet reiterated their negative holdout rating on their shares of Netflix.
TheStreet reiterated their holdout rating on stock shares outside of Netflix.
TheStreet reiterated that their hold a rating based on shares of Netflix.
TheStreet also reiterated their long hold rating on shares outside of Netflix.
TheStreet also reiterated that their hold rating on shares were of Netflix.
Who also currently performs tonight on the American Idols 2014 Top 9 results show.
Who performs best tonight on American Pop Idols 2014 - Top 9 results show.
Who also performs tonight on American Idol 2014 - Top 10 - 9 results show.
Who performs tonight on American Idol in November 2014. - Top 9 results show.
Who performs best tonight on winning the American Idol 2014 Top - 9 results show.
The Cambridge Hubway system will run directly through this every winter in Cambridge.
The Hubway system will run June through September to this winter in Cambridge.
The Hubway system will also run through this every winter except in Cambridge.
The Hubway bus system will be also run through this winter in Cambridge.
The Hubway system will run through this tunnel every winter except in Cambridge.
New - Zealand law is to ban all shark finning.
New - Zealand is to ban almost all shark finning.
New - Zealand law is to ban all shark finning.
New Zealand is going to ban almost all shark finning.
New - Zealand is required to ban all shark finning.
Attacks against foreign journalists soared dramatically in Mexico.
Attacks directed against journalists soared dramatically in Mexico.
Attacks allegedly directed against journalists soared in Mexico.
Attacks directed against journalists also soared in Mexico.
Attacks allegedly directed against journalists soared in Mexico.
Credit and market growth remains subdued.
Credit growth however, remains subdued.
Credit growth, however remains subdued.
Credit market share growth remains subdued.
Credit growth however, remains subdued.
Friends of the historic historic Lower East Side Side are currently lobbying to save 75 Essex.
Friends of preserving the historic historic Lower East Side are currently lobbying to save 75 Essex.
Friends of the Lower East Side Side are lobbying hard to help save Route 75 Essex.
Friends of Save for the Lower East Side Side are lobbying to save Route 75 Essex.
Friends of the Lower East Side Side Side are also currently lobbying to save 75 Essex.
Two major storms move in early this week.
Two more storms move on in this week.
Two more storms would move in this week.
Two more storms move in early this week.
Two storms move - in in this week.
There were no official plans to resettle the last remaining Syrian refugees in the UK.
There were also no plans to resettle Syrian refugees settling permanently in outside the UK.
There were also currently no official plans to permanently resettle Syrian refugees in the UK.
There were no plans yet made to permanently resettle Syrian Arab refugees in the UK.
There were no plans to resettle Syrian refugees settling in or living outside the UK.
Firefighters also successfully responded to a gas leak.
Firefighters responded immediately to report a gas leak.
Firefighters responded to finding a natural gas leak.
Firefighters have also responded to a gas leak.
Firefighters have also responded to a gas leak.
Vodafone Spain and Blue Sky Orange are to also launch NFC payments services using in Spain.
Vodafone and Orange are planning to also launch their NFC payments services for using in Spain.
Vodafone Mobile and Orange are to launch their NFC payments and services for using in Spain.
Vodafone Mobile and Orange are to launch their NFC mobile payments and services using in Spain.
Vodafone and Orange are planning jointly to jointly launch NFC payments services for using in Spain.
Stanislas Wawrinka then regained again, the Chennai Open title.
Stanislas and Wawrinka regained the 2013 Chennai City Open title.
Stanislas Wawrinka, then regained himself the Chennai Open title.
Stanislas and Wawrinka then successfully regained the Chennai Open title.
Stanislas and Stan Wawrinka regained again the Chennai Open title.
A poor young man has been crushed to death, as he had looked for was his phone.
A man has been crushed to death, looking around as if he looked for... his phone.
A man has been nearly crushed to his death, and as he looked for was his phone.
A man has been crushed to death, as if he looked around frantically for... his phone.
A man who has only just been nearly crushed to death, as he looked for his phone.
A senior senior Dutch diplomat was beaten up while in visiting to the Russian capital.
A senior Dutch diplomat was reportedly severely beaten up while in the Russian Russian capital.
A former senior Dutch diplomat was beaten up in defending of the former Russian capital.
A senior and a senior Dutch government diplomat was beaten up in the Russian capital.
A former senior Dutch federal government diplomat was beaten up while in the Russian capital.
The Honourable Jason John Kenney, will be making an important public announcement for apprentices from across the Atlantic Canada.
The Right Honourable Jason Kenney, will be also seen making an important announcement for all apprentices across Atlantic Canada.
The Honourable Jason Kenney will be making this an extremely important public announcement for apprentices from across the Atlantic Canada.
The Honourable Sir Jason Kenney, will also be making an important, public announcement for apprentices across Atlantic Canada.
The Honourable Jason John Kenney, will also now be making an important announcement for all apprentices across Atlantic Canada.
Fire also destroyed an apartment building located nearby in Kingston 5.
Fire destroyed an old brick apartment building located in Kingston 5.
Fire also destroyed an apartment building located in North Kingston 5.
Fire destroyed half of the an apartment building in Kingston 5.
Fires also destroyed an apartment apartment building in Kingston 5.
The fire, that burned just southeast out of Idaho Falls is.
The second largest fire that burned southeast of downtown Idaho Falls is.
The largest fire zone that has burned southeast of Idaho Falls is.
The fire that burned southeast out of the downtown Idaho Falls is.
The second largest fire that burned southeast of downtown Idaho Falls is.
Clean energy investment rates rose significantly by 9 %.
Clean energy investment has also rose by 9 %.
Clean energy sector investment rose significantly by 9 %.
Clean energy investment rose significantly, by 9 %.
Clean - energy investment rose significantly by 9 %.
Portugal is now also expected to announce its exit from the EU bailout without any further loans.
Portugal is expected also to announce that its exit from financing the bailout without any further loans.
Portugal is expected to later also announce on 2018 its exit from the bailout without further loans.
Portugal is also expected not to announce its exit date from implementing the bailout without further loans.
Portugal is expected to announce on 2018 its exit from the EU bailout without any further loans.
Crimestoppers International has launched a campaign designed to help tackle the rise in Asian American gold theft.
Crimestoppers has launched a campaign, aiming to tackle the recent rise in Asian illegal gold theft.
Crimestoppers has launched a campaign to tackle on the rise in the illegal Asian American gold theft.
Crimestoppers has launched on a global campaign to tackle down the recent rise in Asian gold theft.
Crimestoppers International Limited has launched a campaign aiming to tackle the rise rate in Asian gold theft.
Teens who died after having heard a fire had erupted had set fires to keep warm.
Teens who had died after a fire erupted had to be set up to keep warm.
Teens, who died after having a forest fire erupted and had set to keep warm.
Teens, who died soon after having a fire erupted had set to help keep warm.
Teens, who died after having a fire erupted had candles set to help keep warm.
A Dorchester, Mass, black American man is facing multiple criminal charges including sex trafficking of a minor.
A Dorchester, Mass,, area black man is facing charges including sex - trafficking of a minor.
A young Dorchester, West Mass, man is facing charges including sex - trafficking because of a minor.
A very young Dorchester, Mass, man is currently facing charges including the sex trafficking of a minor.
A Dorchester, West Mass, man who is facing charges including the sex - trafficking of a minor.
Rovi Energy Development Corp has announced DivX has still not received conditional approval for Ultraviolet downloads.
Rovi Corp has also announced DivX technology has received two conditional approvals for Ultraviolet downloads.
Rovi Energy Corp has announced DivX has received a conditional approval for its new Ultraviolet downloads.
Rovi Corp has also recently announced that DivX has received conditional regulatory approval for Ultraviolet downloads.
Rovi Corp has been also announced that DivX has received a conditional approval for Ultraviolet downloads.
All four Craven County public lending libraries also will be getting new computers.
All four Craven County public libraries, also will be getting new computers.
All four Cravens County libraries will be also getting brand new computers.
All four of Cravens County libraries will be getting their new computers.
All four of Craven County libraries will also be getting their new computers.
Commercial Bank Development Bank has renewed its strategic partnership with Meeza.
Commercial Bank has renewed of its partnership development agreement with Meeza.
Commercial Bank has renewed on its previous partnership agreement with Meeza.
Commercial Bank Development Bank has renewed on its partnership with Meeza.
Commercial Development Investment Bank has renewed its partnership agreement with Meeza.
A property owner is suing over some acres of vacant farm land rights near the new Vikings stadium site.
A local property owner group, is suing over some vacant land near to the new Vikings stadium site.
A property owner interest group is suing over some land near to the proposed new Vikings'stadium site.
A property owner is currently also suing Vikings over purchasing some land near the new Vikings'stadium site.
A property - owner group, is suing over some land use rights near the new Vikings stadium site.
Instagram will also start by simply showing photo and advertisements.
Instagrams will start by showing a photo and advertisements.
Instagram will also start showing the same photo and advertisements.
Instagrams will start showing the photo clips and advertisements.
Instagram will also start off by showing photo and advertisements.
Eega fame Nani was whom he met by his favourite film - star Kamal Haasan.
Eega fame Nani said was he met his then childhood favourite star, Kamal Haasan.
Eega of fame for Nani was he who met his favourite star, Kamal Haasan.
Eega fame Nani TV said was he met with his favourite star, Kamal Haasan.
Eega - TV fame Nani said was he had met his favourite star Kamal Haasan.
Children also are more likely not to have stronger muscles if their mothers had a higher serum level of the breast vitamin D during pregnancy.
Children are more likely to have stronger muscles if their mothers also had developed a higher level level of breast vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy.
Children are more likely to have stronger muscles if their respective respective biological mothers have had a higher level level of vitamin D during pregnancy.
Children are more likely to have stronger abdominal muscles if either their mothers had developed a much higher level of breast vitamin D during pregnancy.
Children are more likely to have stronger muscles if not both their mothers had a significantly higher - level concentration of vitamin D during pregnancy.
A young man was also killed while helping a truck - driver install.
A man was killed while apparently still helping a truck - driver install.
A man was killed while helping a trucker truck - driver install.
A man was reportedly also killed, while helping a truck driver install.
A young man was killed while helping a local truck - driver install.
Who has also got eliminated on Dancing along with Meet the Stars 2013 last night.
Who got eliminated on Dancing with the Stars All the New Stars 2013 last night.
Who has also recently got eliminated on Dancing with the All Stars 2013 last night.
Who got himself himself eliminated on Dancing with All the Stars 2013, last night.
Who got eliminated, on Dancing with the Dancing Stars 2013, on last night.
A New - York State University student has plummeted from a dormitory roof resulting in causing him an apparent suicide.
A New York University student has plummeted from under to a nearby dormitory - roof in an apparent apparent suicide.
A young New York University nursing graduate student has plummeted from a dormitory roof, in an apparent apparent suicide.
A New - York University student has plummeted from a dormitory to roof in to an apparent and apparent suicide.
A New York City University student has plummeted from under a dormitory - apartment style roof in an apparent suicide.
A video showing of a female pedestrian getting pummeled with a wallpaper made of snow, has surfaced.
A video showing a pedestrian pedestrian getting repeatedly pummeled over with on a wall made of snow has surfaced.
A video showing a female and female pedestrian getting pummeled along with a wall of snow that has surfaced.
A video showing footage of a pedestrian getting pummeled with and a wall made of falling snow has surfaced.
A video clip showing a pedestrian getting repeatedly pummeled with a wall, made of snow, has surfaced.
Ubinas'volcano also has erupted.
Ubinas volcanoes also has erupted.
Ubinas'volcano also has erupted.
Ubinas volcanoes also has erupted.
Ubinas'volcano also has erupted.
Ballard Electric Power Systems Group has expanded beyond its intellectual property.
Ballard Power Systems Corporation has since expanded its core intellectual property.
Ballard Electric Power Systems Corporation has expanded its core intellectual property.
Ballard Electric Power & Systems has expanded beyond its intellectual property.
Ballard Power Systems has expanded beyond selling off its intellectual property.
Mike Duffy dropped, claiming that Stephen Harper told him of him trying to repay his expense money.
Mike Duffy was dropped, claiming Stephen Harper told on it to him to repay his expense money.
Mike Duffy dropped, after claiming Stephen and Harper told on him how to repay his expense money.
Mikey Duffy dropped, after claiming that Stephen Harper told him to repay for his expense money.
Mike Duffy was dropped, claiming Stephen - Harper told on to him to repay his expense money.
SEVEN Networks today, it has announced the promotion of two senior information technology executives.
SEVEN Networks has today announced the promotion plans of the first two senior technology executives.
SEVEN Media Networks today, has announced that the promotion of two senior technology executives.
SEVEN Networks today announced the joint - venture with promotion of two senior technology executives.
SEVEN Networks has also today announced the promotion of two or more senior technology executives.
American Airlines also recently has taken the delivery of its first Airbus A319.
American Airlines has taken delivery flights out of its first production Airbus A319.
American Airlines has taken delivery of yet again its very first Airbus A319.
American Eagle Southwest Airlines has taken delivery of its very first Airbus A319.
American Airlines Europe also has taken the delivery of its first Airbus A319.
Australia The look is set to be unchanged.
Australia will look all set to be unchanged.
Australia policy will look set to be unchanged.
Australia will also look set to be unchanged.
Australia look is also set to be unchanged.
How do you beat all three of the pokies Welcome.
How do it you beat all the'pokies Welcome.
How far do you you beat all the pokies Welcome.
How do you even wanna beat the'pokies Welcome.
How far do you beat up all the pokies Welcome.
The South Pacific nation and nation of Tonga was severely lashed by such a powerful cyclone.
The South - West - Pacific nation of Tonga was lashed by such a powerful cyclone.
The entire South Pacific Ocean island nation of the Tonga was lashed by a powerful cyclone.
The entire South West Pacific nation of the Tonga was lashed out by a powerful cyclone.
The South Pacific nation of the both the Tonga was heavily lashed by a powerful cyclone.
David Ortiz also wants him to visit the upcoming Boston Marathon finish - line Monday.
David Ortiz wants to visit him at the Boston Marathon to finish the line Monday.
Davide Ortiz wants to visit him at the Boston Marathon to finish line Monday.
David Ortiz, also wants to visit the upcoming Boston Marathon finish - line Monday.
Davide Ortiz wants to visit him at the Boston Half Marathon finish line Monday.
Just 11 % of businesses have developed mobile marketing management strategies that cover their supply operations.
Justly, over 11 % of businesses have mobile strategies that can cover supply operations.
Just 11. % percent of businesses have mobile marketing strategies that cover their supply operations.
Just over 11 % % of businesses now have mobile strategies that effectively cover supply operations.
Just 11. 5 % percent of businesses have mobile strategies that cover their supply operations.
Territorial governor, Colonel James Miller, arrived at Arkansas Post.
Territorial governor, Colonel James Miller also arrived at Arkansas Post.
Territorial governor, James Miller arrived at the new Arkansas Post.
Territorial territorial governor, James Miller arrived safely at Arkansas Post.
Territorial territorial governor James Henry Miller also arrived at Arkansas Post.
A Town of manhood has also pleaded not guilty to manslaughter.
A Town council of man has also pleaded not guilty to manslaughter.
A Town of man has pleaded guilty not to guilty to manslaughter.
A former Town of New York man has pleaded guilty to manslaughter.
A Towner of manhood has also pleaded guilty to manslaughter.
St. Kitts Island and Ben Nevis Island is now a leading cruise destination port in the OECS.
St. Kitts and Nevis Virgin Island is now considered a leading cruise ship destination in the OECS.
St. Kitts Island and Nevis Island is now a world leading international cruise destination in the OECS.
St. Saint Kitts, and Ben Nevis, is now a leading cruise destination in the OECS.
St. George Saint Kitts and Nevis is now considered a leading cruise destination in all the OECS.
A young schoolgirl who has inspired her parents into pursuing a new venture.
A schoolgirl has inspired her parents into pursuing a daring brand new venture.
A young schoolgirl who has inspired her parents'into a new venture.
A schoolgirl has inspired both her parents into pursuing a daring new venture.
A schoolgirl has also inspired her own young parents into a new venture.
I think I'll marry one day.
I'll marry you, one day.
I think I'll marry one day.
I'll marry you, one day.
I think I'll marry one day.
AC Milan president Adriano Galliani later said that he too would resign.
AC Milan president Adriano Galliani also publicly said that he would resign.
ACB Milan club president Adriano Galliani said that he would resign.
ACB Milan president Adriano Di Galliani said that he would resign.
AC Milan club president, Adriano Di Galliani said he would resign.
Sony is also reportedly looking to eventually buy back Crash Bandicoot game franchise from Activision.
Sony BMG is reportedly looking to buy - - back Crash Test Bandicoot from Activision.
Sony is reportedly looking strongly forward to eventually buy - back Crash Bandicoot from Activision.
Sony is reportedly looking to buy - back the game Crash Bandicoot " from Activision.
Sony is reportedly also looking to eventually buy back of the Crash Bandicoot from Activision.
Madison Square Garden was unveiled of featuring the brand new scoreboard.
Madison Square Garden was unveiled of 2017 the first new scoreboard.
Madison - Square Garden unveiled part of designing the new scoreboard.
Madison Square Garden was also unveiled of the brand new scoreboard.
Madison Square and Garden Garden unveiled of 2017 the new scoreboard.
A chargesheet has been filed resulting in the midday Sunday school meal tragedy.
A chargesheet petition has also been filed in on the midday meal tragedy.
A chargesheet has been also being filed in the local midday meal tragedy.
A chargesheet petition has been filed resulting directly in the midday meal tragedy.
A chargesheet has been filed resulting in the midday school - meal tragedy.
Six armed robbers have been found and shot dead elsewhere in Edo State.
Six heavily armed bank robbers may have been shot dead in Edo State.
Six armed robbers have been recently found and shot dead in Edo State.
Six heavily armed robbers may have been shot for dead in Edo State.
Six other armed robbers have also been reported shot dead in Edo State.
The Monty and Python team are reuniting together for a new live - stage show.
The Monty Python and Python team are reuniting together for yet a new stage show.
The Monty Python team members are reuniting for a brand new live - stage show.
The Monty Python comedy team are also now reuniting for a new live stage show.
The Monty Python team members are now all reuniting for a brand new stage show.
The high school vice principal died suddenly of natural causes.
The high school vice principal died suddenly of natural causes.
The high school vice - principal died of natural causes.
The school vice principal died very suddenly of natural causes.
The high school principal died very suddenly of natural causes.
A Trufante maniac has been charged twice with drug possession.
A former Trufant man has been charged with illegal illegal drug possession.
A Trufant man has recently been also charged with illegal drug possession.
A former Trufant maniac has been charged with illegal drug possession.
A young former Trufant man has been charged twice with drug possession.
Amy Loudenbecke, has not announced she'll seek a third consecutive term for.
Amy Loudenbeck has since then announced she'll not again seek a third term for.
Amy Jo Loudenbecke has since announced she'll not seek a third term for.
Amy Loudenbecke has announced she'll not seek for a third consecutive term for.
Amy Loudenbecke has announced that she'll seek a third - consecutive term for.
Ronald celebrated their very own 50th anniversary.
Ronald celebrated on their own 50th anniversary.
Ronald celebrated with their own 50th anniversary.
Ronald and Reagan celebrated their 50th anniversary.
Ronald celebrated their very own 50th anniversary.
Joe Nathan has also declined his own second option and he will become a free agent.
Joe Nathanael has also declined his second option and he will become a free agent.
Joe Nathan has declined his option and he will now most likely become a free agent.
Joe - Nathan has also declined his second option, and will become a free agent.
Joe Nathan has since also mutually declined his option and will become a restricted free agent.
Cerner announced plans calling for such as a major expansion.
Cerner announced publicly his plans for a second major expansion.
Cerner announced plans calling out plans for a major expansion.
Cerner has also recently announced plans for a major expansion.
Cerner has announced several plans calling for a major expansion.
The Supreme Court has since also suspended the 2014 Mathare by election.
The Indian Union Supreme Court has also suspended the Mathare by election.
The Nigerian Supreme Court has suspended the President of Mathare by election.
The Supreme Court has suspended the Presidentship of Mathare by election.
The Indian Supreme Judicial Court has also suspended the Mathare by election.
A woman is accused falsely, of not leaving her children at home.
A woman is accused of intentionally not leaving with her children at home.
A young woman is accused of not leaving her two children at home.
A woman, who is falsely accused of leaving her children at home.
A woman is accused of leaving her two young children behind at home.
Eighteen players from local area schools, will also be put to play in All Star Saturday.
Eighteen young players from area schools will put together to play soccer together in All Star Saturday.
Eighteen players from area schools, will put teams together to begin play in All Star Saturday.
Eighteen players, from area schools, will put to play again in the All Star Saturday.
Eighteen players from area schools, will be put to play competitive play in All Star Saturday.
Ideology in research is costing jobs.
Ideology research is also costing jobs.
Ideology in research is costing jobs.
Ideology is also not costing jobs.
Ideology research that is costing jobs.
Mariam - Sharapova has hired Jimmy Connors.
Maria Sharapova, has also hired Jimmy Connors.
Maria Sharapova has also hired actor Jimmy Connors.
Mariam Sharapova has hired actor Jimmy Connors.
Maria Sharapova, who has hired Jimmy Connors.
Presidents Barack Obama have made to women get tattoos specifically designed to match their daughters.
President Barack and Obama have made to her get their own tattoos to match their daughters.
President Barack Obama would have made to mothers get tattoos to better match with their daughters.
President Barack Obama have been made to get tattoos, and to better match their daughters.
President Barack Obama have been made to get their tattoos to better - match their daughters.
EMag reached over a 50 percent market share market share in Bulgaria.
EMag reached over half a 50 percent market - share in Bulgaria.
EMag reached a record 50 - 60 percent market share in Bulgaria.
EMags reached a record breaking 50 percent market share in Bulgaria.
EMag reached just over a 50 percent of market share in Bulgaria.
An elderly Illinois woman, also was injured and a young Washington Island man's car damaged in both a and parking lot crash.
An elderly elderly Illinois island woman was injured and a Washington Island man's rental car was damaged in a nearby parking lot crash.
An Illinois woman and driver also was injured and a Washington Island homeless homeless man's car damaged itself in a parking lot crash.
An Illinois woman, also, was injured and later a Washington Island man's car damaged itself, in a parking lot crash.
An elderly Illinois woman was injured and a young Washington Island man's sports - car was damaged in a parking - lot crash.
Robert Mathis, who too is off to an incredible start.
Robert Mathis is just getting off to make an incredible start.
Robert Mathis, he is off to an absolutely incredible start.
Robert Lee Mathis is getting off to an absolutely incredible start.
Robert Lee Mathis is getting off track to an incredible start.
A grandmother who was arrested after she called 911 asking her for beer.
A grandmother was arrested after she had called to call 911 for beer.
A grandmother who was arrested after she had called 911 asking for beer.
A grandmother was also arrested, shortly after she called 911 for beer.
A single grandmother was arrested after she was called to 911 for beer.
A young man was sentenced to over 10 years for conducting such an extremely elaborate Ponzi scheme.
A man was sentenced twice to 10 years imprisonment for conducting such as an elaborate Ponzi scheme.
A man was sentenced to over US $ 10 years for conducting an extremely elaborate Ponzi scheme.
A man was also also later sentenced up to 10 years for conducting an elaborate Ponzi scheme.
A man was sentenced to 10½ years for allegedly allegedly conducting such an elaborate Ponzi scheme.
Google is also offering free local payments services for Android apps in another twenty four countries.
Google Play Google Play is offering local payments services for Android apps in another four countries.
Google is also offering local payments for its Android mobile apps in the another four countries.
Google is offering local payments services and for Android apps available online in another four countries.
Google Play is offering free local payments for Android mobile apps available in another four countries.
Tenor Andrea Bocelli will perform with the new new season of Atlanta Symphony Orchestra tonight.
Tenor, Andrea Bocelli, and who will perform with the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra tonight.
Tenor Andrea Andrea Bocelli will perform together with both the Atlanta Symphony Symphony Orchestra tonight.
Tenor and saxophonist Andrea Bocelli, will also perform with the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra tonight.
Tenor saxophonist Andrea Bocelli will perform with both of the Atlanta Symphony and Orchestra tonight.
His daughter Aaradhya got married to a pally with Aamir Khan.
His daughter, Aaradhya got pally, along with Aamir Khan.
His daughter, Aaradhya, got pally along with Aamir Khan.
His second eldest daughter Aaradhya got pally along with Aamir Khan.
His eldest surviving daughter, Aaradhya got pally with Aamir Khan.
More new jobs would have already been lost than created.
More new jobs have been lost rather less than created.
More jobs would have been quickly lost rather than created.
More jobs have probably already been more lost than created.
More new construction jobs have already been lost than created.
A journalist, Hamid Ali Mir, was shot in Karachi, Pakistan by four armed men, who approached Mir.
A journalist, Hamid Mir was later shot - shot dead in Karachi by four men, after who approached Mir.
A journalist, Hamid Mir was shot dead in downtown of Karachi by four men, and who then approached Mir.
A young Pakistani journalist, Hamid Mir was shot dead in downtown Karachi by four armed men, who approached Mir.
A journalist, Hamid Mir, later was found shot dead in Karachi by four men, who then approached Mir.
The volleyball varsity team dropped without playing a match, Chestnut Hill College played.
The volleyball team never dropped a match, and Chestnut Hill Community College played.
The girls volleyball varsity football team dropped a match, Chestnut Hill College played.
The volleyball team had also dropped a match, Chestnut - Hill College played.
The volleyball varsity team dropped without a match, Chestnut - Hill College played.
The second negative can i buy mebendazole over at behind the counter.
The second negative can be i buy a mebendazole over the counter.
The negative can i buy me a little mebendazole over the counter.
The negative can i - D buy mebendazole all over the counter.
The negatives can i - buy mebendazole all over the counter.
The Reds have also chosen Price to not be replace as to their next manager.
The Reds have since chosen Price himself, to replace as manager their next manager.
The Cincinnati Reds have since chosen Price to replace as manager their own next manager.
The Reds have chosen Price himself, to be replace as as their next manager.
The Cincinnati Reds Reds would have then chosen Price to replace as their next manager.
There has been an almost almost no confusion in withdrawing the agitation.
There has most certainly not been no confusion in withdrawing the agitation.
There really has been almost no confusion in her withdrawing the agitation.
There has been almost no confusion as involved in withdrawing the agitation.
There really has certainly been no confusion in not withdrawing the agitation.
A rare Stradivarius family violin was stolen during during an armed robbery.
A Stradivarius violin was also allegedly stolen during an attempted armed robbery.
A Stradivarius II violin was stolen accidentally during during an armed robbery.
A Stradivarius family violin was allegedly accidentally stolen during an armed robbery.
A rare Stradivarius violin was stolen during an attempted attempted armed robbery.
Hillary Hillary Clinton would not make her a good president.
Hillary Clinton probably would not make her a good president.
Hillary Clinton just plain would not make a good president.
Hillary Clinton, would make a very very good president.
Hillary Clinton, would probably make her a good president.
All three remaining remaining occupants safely escaped a Christmas Eve 2005 house fire in Beloit.
All the occupants safely evacuated escaped in a major Christmas Eve house fire in Beloit.
All occupants safely escaped a Christmas - Day Eve house - fire while in Beloit.
All occupants safely escaped a Christmas - Eve house on - fire fire in Beloit.
All occupants safely escaped a devastating Christmas Eve house - fire while living in Beloit.
Blessed Angela of Foligno, has been declared a patron saint by both the Pope Francis.
Blessed, Mother Angela of Foligno, has been declared as a saint by Pope Francis.
Blessed Virgin Mother Angela Maria of the Foligno has been declared a saint by Pope Francis.
Blessed Angela of the Val Foligno has also been declared a saintess by Pope Francis.
Blessed Angela of the Foligno, Italy has been declared a saint by the Pope Francis.
Lockheed - Martin is furloughing about another 2, 000 400 workers, due to the shutdown.
Lockheed Martin is furloughing about 2, 400 workers, due mostly to protesting against the shutdown.
Lockheed Martin is furloughing about another 2, 400 construction workers due back to protest the shutdown.
Lockheed Martin is currently furloughing about 2, 400 new new workers due to ending the shutdown.
Lockheed Martin Development Corporation, is furloughing about 2, 400 construction workers due to the shutdown.
Katie Couric, is joining Yahoo to help anchor such a news program.
Katie Couric, is joining Yahoo to help her anchor a news program.
Katie Couric is currently joining the Yahoo to anchor for a news program.
Katie Couric is joining with Yahoo! to anchor such a news program.
Katie Couric is joining with the company Yahoo to anchor a news program.
Biologists with expertise within the FWC are proposing changes to deer hunting management practices in Northwest Florida.
Biologists with the Florida FWC are proposing changes to deer - related sport hunting in Northwest Florida.
Biologists with at the Northwest Florida FWC are proposing changes to the deer hunting in Northwest Florida.
Biologists working with the Florida FWC are proposing changes to improve the deer hunting in Northwest Florida.
Biologists currently working with the FWC are proposing policy changes related to deer hunting in Northwest Florida.
A crow found in northern Eau Claire and Lake County has tested positive for the West - Nile virus.
A crow, found dead nearby in Eau Claire County, has tested positive positive for West Nile virus.
A crow nest found nearby in Eau Claire Lake County has tested HIV positive for West - Nile virus.
A crow found in the Eau - Claire Lake County has also tested positive positive for West Nile virus.
A crow found in Eau - Claire County has recently been also successfully tested positive for West Nile virus.
The road transport associations of both, Turkey, and Bulgaria reached a technical cooperation agreement.
The road transport transport associations of Turkey and of the Bulgaria reached into a cooperation agreement.
The national road and transport and transport associations of Turkey and Bulgaria reached a cooperation agreement.
The road transport associations, Union of Turkey, and Bulgaria reached into a cooperation agreement.
The road and rail transport transport associations of Turkey and Bulgaria have reached a cooperation agreement.
OPTUS plans also will cut 350 jobs.
OPTUS will cut about $ 350 jobs.
OPTUS will have also cut 350 jobs.
OPTUS will cut about $ 350 jobs.
OPTUS also, will cut 350 jobs.
A FORMERY takeaway is to be turned over and into a new family home.
A new FORMER takeaway is to soon be being turned into a new family home.
A FORMERY food takeaway is to be turned into just such a family home.
A typical FORMER takeaway is likely to be turned into such a large family home.
A FORMERY takeaway is to soon be turned over back into a family home.
A partake of my Missoula history will not be going up there in smoke.
A big part of Missoula County history will soon to be going up in smoke.
A very very big part of Missoula County history will be going up in smoke.
A partake of Missoula history will be going up from there, in smoke.
A very big part out of Missoula history will be going straight up in smoke.
US home mortgage prices continued on to steadily rise in November.
US home prices continued to steadily rise beginning early in November.
US average home prices have continued to steadily rise in November.
US average home mortgage prices continued to rise even in November.
US average home prices continued to steadily rise even in November.
Kerala government government has also recently initiated steps for setting - up a plastics park.
Kerala government has initiated the steps taken for the the setting up a plastics park.
Kerala : - The state government has initiated steps for setting up a plastics park.
Kerala government also has initiated steps being taken up for setting up a plastics park.
Kerala government also, has initiated steps taken for setting up a new plastics park.
Gay rights bill has only just cleared its first hurdle in not reaching the Senate.
Gay civil rights bill has cleared its first hurdle of debate while in the Senate.
Gay rights bill, which has just recently cleared its first hurdle in the Senate.
Gay rights The proposed bill has cleared at its first hurdle in in the Senate.
Gay civil rights bill has cleared at its first major hurdle in reaching the Senate.
Where else does Pa.
Where else does Pa.
Where else does Pa.
Where else does Pa.
Where else does Pa.
West Ham City United'assistant manager, Neil McDonald praised Ravel Morrison following his highly impressive display win away over Cheltenham Town.
West Ham City United assistant - manager Neil McDonald praised young striker Ravel Morrison following his impressive display win over rivals Cheltenham Town.
West Ham United assistant manager Neil McDonald praised striker, Ravel Morrison following on his previous impressive display win over rivals Cheltenham Town.
West West - Ham United assistant manager Neil McDonald highly praised Ravel Morrison, following on his impressive display win over Cheltenham Town.
West Ham United assistant manager Neil McDonald praised Ravely Morrison, following him up on his display in win over Cheltenham Town.
The Lions Gate Bridge is also now open indefinitely following such a accident.
The Lions'Gate Bridge is now open indefinitely following such a accident.
The Lions Gate Road Bridge itself is now not open following a accident.
The former Lions Gate Bridge is also now open, following a accident.
The nearby Lions'Gate Bridge is also now open following a accident.
The proposed new Model UN will investigate violations and crimes against humanity.
The new UNDP will also investigate violations and crimes against humanity.
The UN will investigate these violations and then commit crimes against humanity.
The UN will investigate all humanitarian violations and other crimes against humanity.
The UNDPC will also investigate violations and crimes against humanity.
Iran now also has quit nuclear talks.
Iran, now has quit nuclear talks.
Iran has now officially quit nuclear talks.
Iran has quits the nuclear talks.
Iran itself has now quit nuclear talks.
The OSCER mission commander will hold a joint monitoring on troops'contact line.
The OSCE mission will also hold a joint joint force monitoring on troops contact line.
The OSCE mission will also help to hold a monitoring on the troops contact line.
The new OSCE mission will hold a global monitoring mission based on troops contact line.
The very next OSCE mission will hold a joint monitoring mission on troops contact line.
Armaana will then be presented in to the court.
Armaan will be presented once again in to the court.
Armaana will be then presented again in the court.
Armaan will not be presented again later in the court.
Armaana will be presented in to all the court.
13 Arkansas counties are not included again in a 2005 federal disaster declaration.
13 Arkansas area counties are included in a 2005 Arkansas federal disaster declaration.
13 other Arkansas counties are not included in such a federal disaster declaration.
13 of other Arkansas counties also are included in a federal disaster declaration.
13. South Arkansas area counties are included in a federal disaster declaration.
The runners finished off with their flying white colors tossed.
The runners were finished with their own flying colors tossed.
The two other two runners finished with flying colors tossed.
The other runners were finished with their flying colors tossed.
The other two runners finished with flying, colors tossed.
A private consortium led by KKR & Co is also reportedly reportedly planning to invest Rs500 600 crore in Apollon Medical Hospitals, The Economic Daily Times today reported.
A private equity consortium led jointly by KKR A & M Co is planning to invest Rs500 6000 crore in the Apollo Hospitals, The Economic Times today reported.
A private consortium led jointly by KKRK & Co is planning to invest Rs500 600 crore in Apollon Hospitals, as The Sunday Economic Times has today reported.
A consortium led jointly by KKR & Co. is also reportedly reportedly planning to invest Rs500 crore - 600 crore in Apollo Hospitals, The Economic Times today reported.
A consortium led by KKRK & Co is planning to further invest Rs500 600 crore in Apollo Hospitals, such as The Economic Daily Times, has today reported.
Vestian reported 6, 000 acres of potential for new economic infrastructures in their 2015 Bangalore Real - Estate Report.
Vestian has also reported 6, 000 acres of its potential new economic infrastructure in 2013 their Bangalore Real Estate Report.
Vestian reported 6, 000 000 acres of new economic infrastructures in 2013 their Bangalore Real - Real Estate Report.
Vestian reported over $ 6, 000 acres worth of new economic development infrastructure in 2013 their Bangalore Real Estate Report.
Vestian reported 6, 000 acres of new economic infrastructure in 2013 their first annual financial report Bangalore Real Estate Report.
Crystal Palace are closing in 2016, on loan seeing the signing of Nancy winger Yohan Mollo.
Crystal Palace Palace Palace fans are closing in on celebrating the signing of Nancy winger Yohan Mollo.
Crystal Palace and Palace are closing in on the signings of former Nancy winger Yohan Mollo.
Crystal Palace are closing in 2016 on the signings offer of Nancy winger, Yohan Mollo.
Crystal Palace Palace are closing - - in on the signing of Nancy Town winger Yohan Mollo.
Tourism flows outbound and winter in Turkey recorded.
Tourism flows are also outbound in Turkey recorded.
Tourism also flows outbound and in Turkey recorded.
Tourism flows outbound, and in Turkey recorded.
Tourism flows outbound and in the Turkey recorded.
The Ministry of Justice has signed a new national data centre development deal, with Ark.
The Ministry Ministry of Justice, has signed a new data centre development deal with Ark.
The Ministry of Justice has also signed a new data transfer - centre deal with Ark.
The Ministry of Justice has signed a brand new national data centre deal, with Ark.
The Ministry of Social Justice has signed a new national data - centre deal with Ark.
Perks.. com is launching their social media and recruiting solution.
Perks. com is launching their social media and online recruiting solution.
Perks. com is launching their very own social media recruiting solution.
Perks. com is launching along with their social media recruiting solution.
Perks.. com is currently launching their social media recruiting solution.
Travel firms that offer travel have been voted the best companies ever to work for.
Travelling law firms, have been consistently voted the best companies to work for.
Travel firms have also been voted among the ten best travel companies to work for.
Travel firms have been voted the ten best travel companies there ever to work for.
Traveling firms that have also been voted the best companies to ever work for.
A Lincoln, County man was killed shortly after takeoff when his lawn mower overturned.
A young Lincoln County Council man was killed after his own home lawn mower overturned.
A Lincoln County man was reportedly also killed, after having his lawn mower overturned.
A Lincoln County maniac was also killed after his own home lawn mower overturned.
A Lincoln County maniac was killed shortly after his lawn and lawn mower overturned.
The Afghan Taliban have also made no formal public demand for the release of prisoners.
The Afghan Taliban made no formal public demand for the immediate immediate release of prisoners.
The Afghan Taliban have made no formal public demand for the release only of prisoners.
The Afghan Taliban made no formal demand whatsoever whatsoever for securing the release of prisoners.
The Afghan Taliban made no formal public demand for compensation and the release of prisoners.
Hunter Mahan announced the birth date of both his daughter, after he withdrew too early on from the RBC Canadian Open.
Hunter Mahan announced the upcoming official birth date of both his daughter, after he withdrew from the 2017 RBC Canadian Open.
Hunter Mahan announced that the birth date of his daughter, after he withdrew from playing the 2017 RBC - Canadian Open.
Hunter - Mahan announced the birth date of his daughter, after he had previously withdrew her from the RBC Canadian Open.
Hunter Mahan also announced the birth of his daughter, after which he withdrew himself from playing the RBC - Canadian Open.
Lim Chang - - yong has been recently called up back to the Majors joining.
Lim Chang - yong has been most recently called up to the Cleveland Majors joining.
Lim Chang - yong has been recently called back up to the Drum Majors joining.
Lim - Chang Chun - yong has been called up to join the Majors joining.
Lim Chang - - yong, has been recently called up to the Majors joining.
Pakistan also wants peace in the region and it also was not involved in planning any nuclear arms race.
Pakistan wants peace talks in the Kashmir region and was not involved too much directly in any arms race.
Pakistan wants a peace in the Kashmir Valley region, and was not involved directly in any arms race.
Pakistan wants peace in all the region, and was therefore not directly involved directly in any arms race.
Pakistan wants peace in the region, and it therefore was not involved in any or any arms race.
Queen, Victoria, will embark on a tour with Adam Lambert.
Queen will also embark on on a world tour with Adam Lambert.
Queen will embark on both a world tour and with Adam Lambert.
Queen will also embark on a world tour along with Adam Lambert.
Queen Victoria will also embark on on a tour with Adam Lambert.
Kyle Walker has since admitted all this to poor judgement.
Kylee Walker has admitted all this to poor judgement.
Kyle Walker has since also admitted to his poor judgement.
Kyle Walker, who has also admitted to poor judgement.
Kyle Walker, also has admitted himself to poor judgement.
Kim Soo Hyun also became the very very first male Korean celebrity to endorse supplement, LEMONA.
Kim - Soo - il - Hyun became the first male celebrity to endorse supplement, LEMONA.
Kim - Soo - Hyun became the first male celebrity to publicly endorse the supplement, LEMONA.
Kim - Sook Hyun also became the first Korean male celebrity to endorse supplement, LEMONA.
Kim Soo Hyun became the very first Korean male celebrity to endorse in the supplement, LEMONA.
Tucson police are reviewing " a video of a woman allegedly being shoved.
Tucson police are also reviewing a YouTube video of a woman being shoved.
Tucson police are reviewing for a YouTube video of a woman being shoved.
Tucson police officers are reviewing video footage, of a woman being shoved.
Tucson police officers are reviewing video of " " a woman being shoved.
Sysco Corporation agreed to buy US General Foods for US $ 3. 5 billion and to expand into all its food services.
Sysco Food Corporation also agreed to buy out US Foods for $ 3. 5 billion to further expand on its food services.
Sysco Corporation agreed to buy US Foods for $ 3. 5 5. 5 - billion, to expand its food services.
Sysco Corporation agreed to buy US General Foods Corporation, for $ 3. 5 5 billion to expand its wholesale food services.
Sysco Food Services Corporation agreed terms to buy US Foods for $ 3. 5 - billion, to expand its food services.
Loney - Lone Star College Tomball is seeking local recipes.
Lone - Star College Tomball is seeking out new local recipes.
Lone - Star College Tomball is currently also seeking local recipes.
Lone Star Community College Tomballs is also seeking local recipes.
Lone Star College Tomballs is also seeking out local recipes.
Former members of Dire Straits Straits will be seen regularly touring the US.
Former band members of Dire Straits will also now be touring the US.
Former band members of the band Dire Straits will be touring the US.
Former members of Dire Straits will also now be touring in the US.
Former members of Dire Straits, will also now be touring the US.
P Chidambaram will also leave on a visit back to the Moscow to attend the upcoming G20 prime ministerial meeting.
P Chidambaram will leave on board a visit to the Moscow area to personally attend the upcoming G20 ministerial meeting.
P Chidambaram will also take leave on board a visit to Moscow to help attend the upcoming G20 ministerial meeting.
P Chidambaram, who will leave on a visit back to Moscow to attend talks to the G20 ministerial meeting.
P. K Chidambaram will also leave on a state visit back to Moscow to attend the G20 ministerial meeting.
The BJP was now slowly slowly changing its mask again.
The BJP party was gradually changing on its mask again.
The ruling BJP was changing it on its mask again.
The BJP logo was changing on its face mask again.
The BJP was now changing its face and mask again.
An Upper Burrell man, who had reportedly not yet even been missing for more than 24 hours was found.
An elderly Upper Canada Burrell man who had reportedly not been missing for more than 24 hours, was found.
An Upper Burrell man, someone else who had been reported missing for more than 24 - hours was found.
An Upper Burrell man, who had been missing almost continuously for more than than a 24 hours was found.
An old, Upper Burrell man, who had been missing, for more than a 24 hours was found.
They also signed Lloyd.
They also signed Lloyd.
They also signed Lloyd.
They also signed Lloyd.
They also signed Lloyd.
What's been going around.
What's been going around.
What's been going around.
What's been going around.
What's been going around.
The Governor's address was however also marred somewhat by protests.
The Governor's address was marred only very briefly by protests.
The Governor's inaugural address was not marred only by protests.
The Governor's inaugural address was however also marred by protests.
The Lieutenant Governor's address there, was marred by protests.
Stephenie Curry shot, who has left Nike, signed with Under Armour.
Stephen Curry shot, who has left after Nike signed on with Under Armour.
Stephenie Curry shot, has since left Nike signed with Nike Under Armour.
Stephen, Curry shot, has left Nike and signed on with Under Armour.
Stephen, Curry shot, has long since left Nike signed with Under Armour.
A former - Bangladeshi prime minister were indicted, during a not particularly raucous hearing.
A former Bangladeshi deputy prime minister, were also indicted, during a raucous hearing.
A few former - Bangladeshi prime minister were also indicted during a particularly raucous hearing.
A very select few former Bangladeshi prime minister were indicted, during a raucous hearing.
A former - Bangladeshi prime minister were indicted, during which a particularly raucous hearing.
Target Management Corp. laid off about $ US 150 of its 15, 000 Twin - Cities corporate employees.
Target Management Corp. has laid off not only about 150 of its 15, 000 Twin Cities corporate employees.
Target Corp. has laid off about $ 150 of its approximately 15, 000 Twin - Cities corporate employees.
Target Corp. laid - off about a 150 percent of its approximately 15, 000 Twin Cities corporate employees.
Target Corp. laid - off about 150 of them all its 15, 000 000 Twin Cities corporate employees.
No children were seriously injured, during example a school bus crash.
No school children were injured during a local school - bus crash.
No children were injured except for one during a school bus crash.
No children were injured during a local school bus - bus crash.
No other children not involved were injured during a school bus crash.
Police are investigating a recent police shooting in the Kill Devil Hills.
Police and officers are investigating a shooting in the Kill Devil Hills.
Police officers are investigating about such a shooting in Kill Devil Hills.
Police are also investigating a police shooting in Kill the Devil Hills.
Police and officers are investigating a shooting incident in Kill Devil Hills.
Kareena Kapoor has now also found a new friend in Anurag Kashyap.
Kareena Kapoor Kapoor, has also found a friend in Anurag Kashyap.
Kareena Kapoor Kapoor Kapoor has found a friend here in Anurag Kashyap.
Kareena Kapoor Kapoor Kapoor, has found a friend in Anurag Kashyap.
Kareena Kapoor has found herself with a friend here in Anurag Kashyap.
Peter Peter Falk received and the star placed on the Hollywood Walkway of Fame.
Peter Falk received the bronze star placed on the Hollywood Reporter Walk Walk of Fame.
Peter Falkner received the star placed on to the North Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Peter Falkner received the star on the Hollywood Reporter Walkabout Walk of Fame.
Peter Falkner received him the star on the North Hollywood Walkway of Fame.
The NCPCR government has pulled up the entire West - Bengal government for failing to adequately curb illegal child labour.
The ruling NCPCR government has pulled up the ruling West Bengal government for allegedly failing to curb illegal child labour.
The ruling NCPCR has pulled up the entire West Bengal state level government for allegedly failing to curb child labour.
The NCPCR has pulled up against the joint West - West Bengal state government for failing to curb child labour.
The NCPCR has pulled up the West Bengal government for allegedly allegedly failing not to adequately curb illegal child labour.
Bradley Manning was acquitted because of his aiding with the enemy.
Bradley Manning was later found and acquitted of aiding the enemy.
Bradley Manningham, was later acquitted of aiding the enemy.
Bradley and Manningham was acquitted of not aiding the enemy.
Bradley Manning was acquitted, of aiding with fighting the enemy.
Alan Pardew grouped and then declared. one week we are not all mathematical geniuses and the next we just haven't got quite a clue.
Alan Pardew was grouped and he declared. one week we are geniuses and then the very very next we haven't even got a clue.
Alan Pardew was right then grouped and declared. one week we are geniuses,'and the very next we haven't got a clue.
Alan Pardew grouped them together and declared. one week we think we all are geniuses and in the next we haven't got a clue.
Alan Pardew grouped together again and declared. one week ago we are geniuses and the next we haven't really even really got a clue.
What's really inside are your little chicken nuggets.
What's not really inside your own chicken nuggets.
What's not really inside your own chicken nuggets.
What's really really inside your little chicken nuggets.
What's really inside are all your chicken nuggets.
An Brunswick County woman has recently died from burns, and suffered her clothes caught fire.
An Brunswick woman has died from burns, and suffered her own clothes have caught fire.
An Brunswick woman has recently died and from severe skin burns suffered her clothes caught fire.
An elderly elderly Brunswick woman who has died from burns suffered when her clothes caught fire.
An Brunswick woman has died from burns suffered when all her wet white clothes caught fire.
Winger Damien Blanch has also been released by mutual agreement, from extending his contract extension with Catalans Dragons.
Winger Damien Blanchflower has been recently released, by agreement clause from extending his contract with Catalans Dragons.
Winger Damien Blanch has also been recently been recently released by agreement from extending his contract with Catalans Dragons.
Winger Damien Blanch has also been mutually mutually released by mutual consent agreement from his contract with Catalans Dragons.
Winger, Damien Blanch has been released early by mutual agreement from extending his contract with the Catalans Dragons.
Singapore itself is a good place to have set up such a trust.
Singapore is not a good enough place to set up such a trust.
Singapore is not a good enough financial place to set up a trust.
Singapore is not a very good place to set - up a trust.
Singapore is a good enough place to help set - up a trust.
John Kerry urged all the Congressmen to end the shutdown.
John John Kerry also urged Congress to immediately end the shutdown.
John Kerry urged Congress to not endorse during the shutdown.
John Kerry urged the US Congress to endorse the shutdown.
John John Kerry urged the Congressmen to end the shutdown.
Apple iPhone users can read your iMessages.
Apple can be read on your iMessages.
Apple can also easily read your iMessages.
Apple can be read on your iMessages.
Apple users can read from your iMessages.
Fuels change and gas prices will go from today.
Fuel and natural - gas prices go up from today.
Fuel and natural gas fuel prices will go from today.
Fuel and natural gas fuel prices go up from today.
Fuels, and natural gas prices go from today.
The Italian Senate voted unanimously in favor instead of expelling Prime Minister, Silvio Maria di Berlusconi from parliament.
The Italian Senate also unanimously voted in favor of expelling Prime - Minister, Silvio Berlusconi, from parliament.
The entire Italian Senate voted unanimously in the favor, of expelling Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi from parliament.
The Italian Federal Senate voted in favor of and expelling former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Maria Berlusconi from parliament.
The Italian Federal Senate voted in part the favor of expelling Prime - Minister, Silvio Berlusconi from parliament.
Those people remembered Joab - Thomas for his leadership and his own great passion for education.
Those remembered Joab Thomas for his leadership, qualities, and his passions for education.
Those young people remembered Joab Thomas for both his leadership and his great passion for education.
Those remembered Joab - El Thomas for his leadership and for inspiring his passion for education.
Those students remembered Joab - Thomas for his outstanding leadership qualities and his passion for education.
Kanye West is now seen no longer facing felony sexual - assault and attempted robbery charges.
Kanye West III is no longer facing the felony assault and attempted - murder robbery charges.
Kanye West West III is no longer facing felony sexual assault charges and attempted robbery charges.
Kanye West III is no longer facing felony child sexual assault and two attempted robbery charges.
Kanye West West III is no longer facing felony sexual - assault and attempted robbery charges.
US Senate Rep., Bobby Scott, broke open his jaw.
US Senate Rep., Bobby Lee Scott, broke his jaw.
US Senate Rep. Bobby Roy Lee Scott, broke his jaw.
US Rep. Bobby Lee Scott, who broke open his jaw.
US Rep., Bobby Lee Scott, broke open his jaw.
A 2 - sex offender who has received a new address.
A Class 2 sex offender usually has received a new address.
A Class - 2 male sex offender has a new address.
A 2 - sex offender has a new brand new address.
A 2 sex offender shelter has received a brand new address.
Sri - Lanka oil stocks closed flat.
Sri Lanka stocks were also closed flat.
Sri - Lanka stocks are closed flat.
Sri Lanka - Lanka stocks closed flat.
Sri Lanka oil stocks were closed flat.
Kei Nishikori also has enlisted with the professional help of Michael Chang.
Keiyo Nishikori has enlisted with the help of Captain Michael Chang.
Kei Nishikori has enlisted with the financial help of actor Michael Chang.
Kei Nishikori has enlisted the full professionalism help of Michael Chang.
Kei Nishikori, has also recently enlisted the help of Michael Chang.
Without will, amoxicillins work for the a uti.
Without will amoxicillins work well for the a uti.
Without it will amoxicillin not work well for a uti.
Without it will amoxicillin work only for half a uti.
Without it will amoxicillins not work for a uti.
Westport County is very proud to support Newtown.
Westport is also proud to strongly support Newtown.
Westport Union County is proud to support Newtown.
Westport is also proud to still support Newtown.
Westport is proud to still still support Newtown.
Carnival Entertainment Corporation & Group plc. has declared a dividend.
Carnival Corporation & plc., has also declared a dividend.
Carnival Entertainments Corporation & plc. has declared a dividend.
Carnival Corporations & Partners plc has declared for a dividend.
Carnival Corporation & Group plc has been officially declared a dividend.
Mitch Evans is not thrilled enough not to end a lean spell.
Mitch Evans is not thrilled enough to finally end a lean spell.
Mitch, Evans, is thrilled to end a long lean spell.
Mitch Evans, who is not thrilled to end a lean spell.
Mitch Evans is thrilled enough to help finally end a lean spell.
Austria sold over 1. 1 billion million euros of debt, tapping demand, to top - up debt at lower yields.
Austria sold 1. 1 billion euros of debt, and thereby tapping demand, to top - up prices at lower yields.
Austria has sold 1. 1 billion euros of debt, tapping the demand to the top set - up at lower yields.
Austria has sold 1. 1 billion euros of debt, tapping the market demand to keep the top up at lower yields.
Austria sold out over 1. 1 billion euros of its foreign debt, tapping demand enough to top up at lower yields.
A Squirrel Hill Hill rabbi denies ever botching such a circumcision.
A former Squirrel Hill rabbi denies ever botching such a circumcision.
A Squirrel Hill Hill Hill rabbi denies ever botching a circumcision.
A Squirrel Hill Hill rabbinate also denies botching a circumcision.
A Squirrel Hill Park neighborhood rabbi denies botching such a circumcision.
Doctors also seem not to always be winning the battle against drug - resistant gonorrhoea.
Doctors seem also not happy to be winning the legal battle against drug resistant gonorrhoea.
Doctors seem also to not be winning in the battle fought against drug resistant gonorrhoea.
Doctors seem to be finally winning the legal battle against drug - use resistant gonorrhoea.
Doctors seem to be winning in the battle against developing of the drug resistant gonorrhoea.
The elder Gaultier has said that he's and he could beat DeSean Jackson in a footrace.
The second elder Gault said he's strong and he could beat John DeSean Jackson in a footrace.
The Gault said he's and he could probably not have beat John DeSean Jackson in a footrace.
The elder Gault said he's and thinks he could beat DeSean and Michael Jackson in a footrace.
The Gault said that he's and he, could, beat DeSean and Jackson in a footrace.
Smokers are more likely likely to accidentally kick their habitors out on a Monday.
Smokers themselves are more likely to just kick up their smoking habit on a Monday.
Smokers also are more than likely to kick their smoking habit on such a Monday.
Smokers are also much more likely to kick up their smoking habit on a Monday.
Smokers are more likely to kick up their habit on just such as a Monday.
FOX News Channel was also the most watched cable channel, both in viewers and adults 25 54 during the last Friday night's live coverage of the Fort Hood Robin Hood shooting.
FOX Family News Channel was also the most watched cable channel in both viewership and adults 25 54 during the very last Friday night's coverage of the Fort Robin Hood shooting.
FOX News TV Channel was the second most watched cable channel in viewers and among adults aged 25 - 54 during last night's coverage of the Fort William Hood Robin Hood shooting.
FOX News News Channel was also the most watched cable news channel drawing in viewers and adults 25 - 54 during last night's coverages of the 2011 Fort - Hood shooting.
FOX Family News Channel was the most - watched cable channel, gaining both in viewers and in adults over 25 54 during last night's coverages of the Fort Hood shooting.
An Providence County, police officer, is killed in a crash.
An Providence police department officer is also killed in such a crash.
An Providence police department police officer is also killed in a crash.
An seriously injured Providence police department officer is killed in a crash.
An Providence County police department officer, is killed in a crash.
Kate Upton had always defied gravity.
Kate smiled and Upton defied gravity.
Kate and John Upton defied gravity.
Kate Upton had always defied gravity.
Kate smiled and Upton defied gravity.
Carlos Carrasco struggled with his own command issues.
Carlos Carrasco struggled with his own command issues.
Carlos Carrasco struggled with all his command issues.
Carlos Carrasco also has struggled with command issues.
Carlos Carrasco struggled constantly and with command issues.
Mahindra Motors & Mahindra unveiled in 2017 its electric sports car Halo.
Mahindra Motors & Mahindra unveiled its electric hybrid sports - car Halo.
Mahindra & later, Mahindra unveiled in its electric sports car Halo.
Mahindra & later, Mahindra unveiled in its electric sports car Halo.
Mahindra & Mahindra unveiled as its first electric hybrid sports car Halo.
A creepy little black clown has been seen, lurking on Chesterfield's streets.
A really very creepy little clown has been seen lurking on Chesterfield's streets.
A very creepy clown has been seen lurking all around on Chesterfield's streets.
A creepy clown has been seen lurking all around on the Chesterfield's streets.
A very creepy clown, that has been seen lurking on Chesterfield's streets.
The second Ultimate Warrior died of a severe cardiovascular disease.
The Ultimate Ninja Warrior character has died of cardiovascular disease.
The second The Ultimate Warrior died suddenly of cardiovascular disease.
The Ultimate Warrior has died suddenly of a cardiovascular disease.
The Ultimate Warrior died, suddenly, of cardiovascular disease.
The Boston Celtics also waived Michael Shavlik Randolph.
The 2015 expansion Boston Celtics waived Shavlik Randolph.
The Boston Celtics waived Michaela Shavlik Randolph.
The 2015 Boston Celtics also waived Shavlik Randolph.
The Boston Celtics also also waived Shavlik Randolph.
The Live Crews will not only have different radio stations although custom playlists are.
The Groove Crew will have three completely different radio stations, although custom playlists are.
The Crews will have three different radio stations, although customized playlists are.
The Crew will often also have different radio stations, although customized playlists are.
The Crew will have three different local FM radio stations although the custom playlists are.
Asda is bringing clicks & click collect to all the six London Underground stations.
Asda is currently bringing a click & click collect to six new London Underground stations.
Asda Group is bringing click & collect services up to six new London Underground stations.
Asda is currently bringing click & collect to the six new underground London Underground stations.
Asda is also currently also bringing the click & collect to six London Underground stations.
A person who was robbed died at knifepoint.
A person, who was robbed at knifepoint.
A third person was also robbed at knifepoint.
A person who was being robbed at knifepoint.
A young person who was robbed at knifepoint.
Firefighters extinguished only a small fire starting in an vault near Memorial Stadium.
Firefighters also extinguished a small fire starting in an vault near Memorial Stadium.
Firefighters also extinguished a fire starting in an vault near War Memorial Stadium.
Firefighters also successfully successfully extinguished a fire in an vault near Memorial Stadium.
Firefighters were extinguished after a fire starting in an vault near Memorial Stadium.
Two hikers have also been found dead after getting both themselves lost somewhere in the Red River Gorge area.
Two hikers have been recently found after getting lost in the very nearby Red Cedar River and Gorge area.
Two hikers have been found dead, after getting all themselves lost in the Red River and Gorge area.
Two missing hikers have been found after getting lost in nearing the Red River and Columbia Gorge area.
Two hikers have been found dead after allegedly getting lost hiking in the nearby Red Cedar River Gorge area.
The Senate condemned the terrorist attacks and violations committed by the Jewish religious extremists in Jerusalem.
The Senate condemned attacks and other violations committed while there by Jewish religious extremists in Jerusalem.
The Senate condemned the attacks, and the violations committed by Jewish religious extremists in Jerusalem.
The Senate condemned attacks on and violations committed there by Jewish religious extremists based in Jerusalem.
The Senate condemned attacks made on and violations allegedly committed by the Jewish extremists in Jerusalem.
I had never even imagined that I would get back into politics.
I just had never imagined that someday I would get into politics.
I had certainly never imagined I ever would get back into politics.
I had never really imagined I, ever would get into politics.
I really had never even imagined that I would get into politics.
Eden Hazard was puzzled again by the Tuesday that night's draw.
Eden Hazard was puzzled again by the late Tuesday night's draw.
Eden Hazard was puzzled again by Tuesday that Friday night's draw.
Eden Hazard was puzzled again by Tuesday that Friday night's draw.
Eden Hazards was puzzled by Tuesday and that night's draw.
The Minnesota Timberwolves have decided to send the Shabazz and the Muhammad to the Dyna - League.
The Minnesota Minnesota Timberwolves have decided to send Shabazz Muhammad back up to the Dyna - League.
The Minnesota Minnesota Timberwolves have also decided to send Shabazz and Muhammad Ali to the D - League.
The Minnesota Timberwolves have also decided to send Shabazz and Jamal Jamal Muhammad to the D - League.
The Minnesota Timberwolves would also have decided to not send Shabazz Muhammad to join the D - League.
Kerry Washington has learnt from her pregnancy, and Los Angeles has made her into a much - better actress.
Kerry - Ann Washington has learnt from her first pregnancy and Los Angeles she has not made a better actress.
Kerry Ann Washington has learnt from her her pregnancy and in Los Los Angeles has made her a better actress.
Kerry Washington herself has learnt more from her pregnancy, and Los Angeles she has made a much better actress.
Kerry Washington, who has learnt that from her pregnancy and Los Angeles, she has made a better actress.
Trey Radelsky was charged with crack - cocaine possession.
Trey Radel was also later also charged with cocaine possession.
Trey Radelsky was also charged with crack cocaine possession.
Treys Radel was charged with twice with cocaine possession.
Trey Radelsky was also charged with crack cocaine possession.
A burglary suspect has crashed into his stolen pick up truck.
A suspected burglary suspect crashed into his stolen pick up truck.
A burglary police department chief suspect crashed his pick up truck.
A burglary police chief suspect has crashed his pick up truck.
A former local police burglary suspect crashed his pick up truck.
The newly expansion Minnesota Wild then lost to the Colorado Avalanche.
The 2006 Minnesota Minnesota Wild lost out to the Colorado Avalanche.
The Minnesota Wild lost out narrowly to hosts the Colorado Avalanche.
The Minnesota Wild were swept then lost to the Colorado Avalanche.
The Minnesota Wild lost out to the newly expansion Colorado Avalanche.
The 2010 FIFA World Youth Cup qualification trophy has arrived in Costa Rica.
The FIFA World Cup winning trophy has arrived safely back in Costa Rica.
The 2010 FIFA World Cup winning trophy has arrived in the Costa Rica.
The FIFA World Cup winning trophy collection has arrived in the Costa Rica.
The FIFA World Cup trophy and collection has also arrived in Costa Rica.
Modib also has done fake encountering with facts.
Modib has done a fake sexual encounter with facts.
Modi has done a fake encounter, along with facts.
Modib Khan has done a fake encounter with facts.
Modi has also also done fake encountering with facts.
Israel said that, it did but not poison Yasser Arafat.
Israel has said it did not poison Palestinian President Yasser Arafat.
Israel has said it also did not intentionally poison Yasser Arafat.
Israel said it did but not did poison President Yasser Arafat.
Israel has said it did but not poison President Yasser Arafat.
Gangsters carjacked on board a bus, and robbed passengers.
Gangsters also carjacked a bus, and also robbed passengers.
Gangsters also carjacked a city bus bus and robbed passengers.
Gangsters had also carjacked a city bus and robbed passengers.
Gangsters also carjacked a bus, robbed and robbed passengers.
Patriots'safety, Steve - Gregory broke his thumb.
Patriots'safety Steve Gregory broke it off his thumb.
Patriots safety, linebacker Steve Lee Gregory broke his thumb.
Patriots safety Stevel'Gregory also broke his thumb.
Patriots safety Steve Gregory also accidentally broke off his thumb.
A brand new'Watch Dogs'trailer has drawn criticism.
A new brand new Watch Dogs'trailer has drawn criticism.
A brand new'Watch Dogs'trailer has drawn criticism.
A new brand new Watch Dogs'trailer has drawn criticism.
A brand new Watch the Dogs'trailer has drawn criticism.
Melbourne Victory got to it back on track.
Melbourne - Victory finally got back on track.
Melbourne - Victory got it back on track.
Melbourne Victory got it back back on track.
Melbourne Victory finally got it back on track.
Ghana is rapidly becoming increasingly very, very, expensive.
Ghana is rapidly also becoming very, very, expensive.
Ghana is becoming very, very very very, expensive.
Ghanai is becoming increasingly very, very, expensive.
Ghana is becoming increasingly very, very very, expensive.
Tech Data Corp. logo has been rearranged, making three separate internal promotions.
Tech Data Corp., has rearranged, making three separate, internal promotions.
Tech - Data Systems, Corp. has rearranged, making three internal promotions.
Tech - Tech Data Corp., has rearranged, making three internal promotions.
Techno Data Systems Corp. has been rearranged, making three internal promotions.
The Pirates've acquired Captain John Vance Worley.
The Pirates'vet also acquired Vance Worley.
The'Pittsburgh Pirates've acquired Vance Worley.
The Pirates would've just acquired Vance Worley.
The Pirates've also recently acquired Vance Worley.
North Union rallied back to more easily beat Columbus Academy 30.
North Union rallied back enough to beat Columbus Military Academy 30.
North Carolina Unions rallied to beat Columbus Military Academy 30.
North Union rallied to narrowly beat Columbus Military Training Academy 30.
North Union rallied to narrowly narrowly beat out Columbus Academy 30.
All the Dane County snowmobile trails were re - opened.
All Dane County snowmobile rental trails re re - opened.
All the Dane County snowmobile trails re re - opened.
All Dane County area snowmobile rental trails re - opened.
All Danes County area snowmobile trails re - opened.
Free parking parking bays are also set up to double.
Free parking bays are also not currently set to double.
Freestanding parking garage bays are set up to double.
Free parking in bays that remain are set to double.
Free temporary parking bays exist that are set to double.
Mickey Rooney has long since passed away.
Mickey Rooney has long since passed away.
Mickey Rooney has since also passed away.
Mickey Rooney has since also passed away.
Mickey Wayne Rooney has since passed away.
Researchers involved may also have identified key genetic genes linked to understanding why some affected people have a higher tolerance rate for pain.
Researchers also, may have also identified key genes linked to the understanding why some people have a much higher tolerance for pain.
Researchers may also have identified several key genes that are linked directly to why some affected people have a higher tolerance for pain.
Researchers may have identified key genes linked more directly to why some people have a significantly higher pain tolerance and rate for pain.
Researchers may have identified several key genes that linked to why some people suffer may have had a higher overall tolerance for pain.
Unions can offer i the need of a personal loan today for which to the poor credit no payday loans way.
Unions can also offer i who need a personal loan today for poorer credit no - more payday loans way.
Unions that can also offer i need a personal loan today ( for poor people credit no payday personal loans way.
Unions can offer if i need a free or personal loan for today for poor people credit no payday loans way.
Unions can offer i need of as a personal loan today for poor people crediting no more payday loans way.
Anastasiades himself has called out for unity.
Anastasiades himself himself has called for unity.
Anastasiades himself has called out for unity.
Anastasiades himself has called out for unity.
Anastasiades has called them out for unity.
EdgeCast has been most recently acquired by Verizon.
EdgeCast Communications has since been acquired by Verizon.
EdgeCast has since been acquired outright by Verizon.
EdgeCast has been recently acquired outright by Verizon.
EdgeCast Communications Group has been acquired by Verizon.
DSW Inc. DSW Inc is pleased to announce the grand opening of a brand new flagship store in downtown Springfield, IL.
DSW Inc. DSW Inc is pleased to announce the then upcoming opening date, of a new store in Springfield, IL.
DSW Inc. DSW is pleased enough to announce the opening of a brand - new storefront location in Springfield, IL.
DSW Inc. - DSW is pleased to announce the opening day of a brand new flagship store in downtown Springfield, IL.
DSW, Inc. DSW is pleased to announce the opening of such a new retail store in downtown East Springfield, IL.
The new elected Azerbaijani Parliament has approved of the draft budget for 2014.
The new Azerbaijani Parliament, has approved of the draft budget for 2014.
The Azerbaijani Parliament has already also approved the first draft budget for 2014.
The new elected Azerbaijani Parliament has approved the draft budget proposal for 2014.
The Azerbaijani Grand National Parliament has approved the draft national budget for 2014.
JetBlue American Airlines pilots voted to unionize.
JetBlue pilots voted unanimously not to unionize.
JetBlue pilots have voted not to unionize.
JetBlue American Airlines pilots voted to unionize.
JetBlue pilots also voted not to unionize.
Frank Warren has admitted he is thinking hard now, about taking legal legal action again against Mike Tyson.
Frank Warrenton has admitted he too is thinking hard about taking legal action once again against Mike Tyson.
Franky Warren has admitted that he is thinking about personally taking legal action directly against boxer Mike Tyson.
Franky Warren has since admitted that he still is thinking about taking a legal action against Mike Tyson.
Frank Warrenton has since publicly admitted he is not thinking about taking legal action against boxer Mike Tyson.
Loudon Reed, has now died aged 71.
Loudon Reed, who has died aged 71.
Lou Reed, has died, at aged 71.
Lou Reed, musician who has died aged 71.
Loudon Reed, who has died aged 71.
Federal and state government officials will announce a possible stolen property and forfeiture.
Federal and other relevant state officials, will announce a property and forfeiture.
Federal and state government officials will also will announce a property and forfeiture.
Federal government agencies and state officials will announce a stolen property and forfeiture.
Federal and other state officials will announce a property seizure, and forfeiture.
Commuters begged unions to help and not extend the tube strike.
Commuters begged unions to help not extend the new tube strike.
Commuters also repeatedly begged unions to extend beyond the tube strike.
Commuters begged unions to help not to extend the tube strike.
Commuters begged the unions not to not extend the tube strike.
An boy has died after falling half asleep in the canal bed, at Burnley.
An boy, who has died after falling in under in the canal at Burnley.
An boy has also died, probably shortly after falling in the canal at Burnley.
An boy, who has died after falling in on the canal bank at Burnley.
An boy has died, after falling half asleep, in the canal at Burnley.
An girl gets trapped accidentally in a car washing machine.
An girl who gets herself trapped in a washing machine.
An girl gets trapped from the inside in washing machine.
An innocent girl who gets herself trapped in washing machine.
An old school girl gets trapped inside in washing machine.
Sunderland caretaker - boss, Kevin Michael Ball has warned his players.
Sunderland'caretaker - boss Kevin Michael Ball has warned his players.
Sunderland caretaker - boss Kevin De Ballance has warned his players.
Sunderland caretaker boss, Sir Kevin Michael Ball has warned his players.
Sunderland caretaker boss Kevin Smith Michael Ballan has warned his players.
Lindsey and Vonn had both crashed in a training run.
Lindsey Vonnberg also crashed in a late training run.
Lindsey Vonn also crashed himself in during a training run.
Lindsey Vonnberg also crashed in a late training run.
Lindsey - Vonn had also crashed in a training run.
Food security has also improved in the some parts of eastern Africa.
Food security has improved in parts of south of north eastern Africa.
Food security also has improved in parts of south of eastern Africa.
Food - security has also improved in some parts of eastern Africa.
Food security has also been improved in some parts of eastern Africa.
Greece was braced for half a week worth of fresh strikes.
Greece braced itself for a week worth worth of fresh strikes.
Greece was braced for half a full week of fresh strikes.
Greece was braced for a week worth of the fresh strikes.
Greece I was braced for a week of the fresh strikes.
A man has been falsely falsely charged twice with assaulting a girl.
A man has also recently been falsely charged with assaulting a girl.
A man has long since also been charged with assaulting a girl.
A man has also been charged twice with assaulting of a girl.
A young man has been charged twice with sexually assaulting a girl.
Any damn jackass out here can kick down a barn.
Any jackass around here can kick down on a barn.
Any damn little little jackass can kick down a barn.
Any damn jackass can kick down on such a barn.
Any god damn jackass who can kick down a barn.
Over another three hundred million Xbox One game consoles worldwide were sold until the end of 2013.
Over three million Xbox One consoles worldwide were being sold worldwide, until the end of 2013.
Over three hundred million Xbox One consoles were still being sold until near the end of 2013.
Over three million Xbox One consoles sold worldwide were still being sold until the end of 2013.
Over half of three million Xbox One game consoles were sold until the end quarter of 2013.
Haggerty Road will be also be widened.
Haggerty Park Road will also be widened.
Haggerty Road will be also be widened.
Haggerty Park Road station will be widened.
Haggerty Park Road station will be widened.
The drama Broadchurch is set to also be partially remade in the US.
The BBC drama Broadchurch is set to be remade entirely in the US.
The drama television series, Broadchurch is to be remade in the US.
The drama Broadchurch is to be partially - remade again in the US.
The drama series Broadchurch is to also later be remade in the US.
European stock markets have steadied as the US federal government shutdown dragged.
European Union stock markets were steadied as the 1989 US shutdown dragged.
European stock markets steadied only slightly as the 1989 US shutdown dragged.
European - Union stock markets steadied as all the US shutdown dragged.
European stock - markets were not steadied as the US shutdown dragged.
Curti Schilling has been recently been diagnosed with cancer.
Curtijn - Schilling has been diagnosed with cancer.
Curt Schillingman has been most recently diagnosed with cancer.
Curti Schilling has been diagnosed twice, with cancer.
Curti Schilling has been diagnosed most recently with cancer.
County councillors are doing a highly and impressive " job of making policy changes which benefit residents.
County councillors are doing a highly and impressive job of making changes, which will benefit residents.
County councillors here are doing a highly impressive volunteer job making changes which will greatly benefit residents.
County councillors are doing a highly impressive volunteer job making policy and changes, which benefit residents.
County councillors are also doing a not very highly impressive job making changes, which benefit residents.
England national rugby officials may also have denied approaching former South Sydney star Sam Burgess.
England rugby union officials however, have denied approaching former South Sydney star Sam Burgess.
England national rugby officials have also denied approaching former AFL South Sydney star Sam Burgess.
England rugby officials have denied approaching South West Sydney Bears star, winger Sam Burgess.
England national rugby league officials have denied ever approaching South East Sydney star Sam Burgess.
IntrinSIM Networks has also expanded on its resource network offerings.
IntrinSIM has expanded focussing on its resource network offerings.
IntrinSIM Networks has expanded its resource and social network offerings.
IntrinSIM Networks has also expanded on its resource network offerings.
IntrinSIM International has also expanded its human resource network offerings.
NY high school students may have also been temporarily suspended for allegedly sending racist tweets.
NY high school senior students may have also been suspended for sending out racist tweets.
NY high school students have been suspended for allegedly illegally sending - out racist tweets.
NY high - school students have also reportedly been temporarily suspended for sending racist tweets.
NYU high school students may have been suspended indefinitely for sending out racist tweets.
A Russian independence activist, was also detained, after he protested the country's very strict policy of killing stray dogs in Sochi.
A Russian independence activist, he was detained, after which he protested the host country's policy of killing stray dogs in Sochi.
A young Russian activist was detained after he publicly protested the country's strict foreign policy policy of killing the stray dogs in Sochi.
A Russian activist was detained after he protested against the country's strict policy of killing all stray hunting dogs while staying in Sochi.
A Russian activist was detained after he protested against changing the Russian host country's policy of killing stray dogs, while in Sochi.
A Graco SmartSeats All In One Car and Seat review was released by using the EliteCarSeats. com.
A " Graco SmartSeats All In A One Car Seat review was released online by EliteCarSeats. com.
A Graco SmartSeats All In One Car Seat review article was also released by the EliteCarSeats. com.
A Graco SmartSeat All In A One Carted Seat review was also also released by EliteCarSeats. com.
A Graco SmartSeats : All Cars In A One Car Seat review was released by EliteCarSeats. com.
A brand new Israeli military spy - satellite entered orbit.
A new joint Soviet - Israeli spy satellite entered orbit.
A brand new Soviet Israeli spy - satellite entered orbit.
A brand new former Soviet Israeli spy satellite entered orbit.
A new brand new Israeli spy satellite has entered orbit.
Minister of Education today has received the title of Saudi Ambassador.
Minister of Education today he has received from the Saudi Ambassador.
Minister of Education today received the honorary title of Saudi Ambassador.
Minister General of Higher Education today received from the Saudi Ambassador.
Minister General of Education is today received from the Saudi Ambassador.
Tampa Bay Black Lightning defensive end left Ryan Ryan Malone was also charged with DUI and possession of cocaine.
Tampa Tampa - Bay Lightning left Ryan Malone was charged with " DUI and possession " possession of cocaine.
Tampa Bay Lightning'left winger Ryany Malone was also charged with DUI, and possession of cocaine.
Tampa Tampa Bay Lightning Lightning defensive left Ryan Malone was also charged with DUI, and possession of cocaine.
Tampa Tampa Bay Lightning left Ryan after Karl Karl Malone was charged with a DUI and possession of cocaine.
Jacky Kingston brought his campaign to replace the retiring US Sen. John Saxby, Chambliss, to Albany Monday.
Jack Kingston brought his very own campaign team to help replace retiring US Sen., Saxby Chambliss to Albany Monday.
Jack Kingston brought his first campaign to replace retiring former US Senator Sen. John Saxby - Chambliss to Albany Monday.
Jacky Kingston has brought his campaign to help replace retiring US Sen. Saxby - Chambliss to the Albany Monday.
Jacky Kingston brought his campaign in to help replace retiring US Sen. John Saxby Chambliss came to Albany Monday.
Adobe Systems Corporation will repurchase stock worth US $ 2 billion by 2015.
Adobe will also repurchase its stock worth $ 2 - billion by 2015.
Adobe will repurchase all its stock worth US $ 2 billion by 2015.
Adobe Systems will also repurchase stock options worth $ 2 billion by 2015.
Adobe will repurchase stock worth $ ~ US 2 - billion by 2015.
Two men also were later arrested again in Lee County on drug charges.
Two other men were arrested in unincorporated Lee County, on drug charges.
Two other men were arrested, in Lee County, on drug charges.
Two men were also arrested while driving in Lee County on drug charges.
Two men were arrested in unincorporated Lee County on federal federal drug charges.
Gwyneth Paltrow and the British actor Chris Martin are splitting up.
Gwyneth Paltrow and the actor Chris Martin are also splitting up.
Gwyneth Paltrowicz and actress Chrissy Martin are splitting up.
Gwyneth Paltrow, and actor Chris Martindale are splitting up.
Gwyneth, Paltrow and Chris Martindale are also splitting up.
AARON told Eckhart pretended that his child had died, visited and attended support groups.
AARON Eckhart pretended publicly that his child sister had died and he attended support groups.
AARON told Eckhart pretended falsely that his child sister had died and attended support groups.
AARON Eckhart pretended his only child brother, had died and attended their support groups.
AARON Eckhart pretended his child brother had just recently recently died and attended support groups.
Andrew McCutchen has since been indefinitely pulled from joining the lineup.
Andrew - James McCutchen has been officially pulled from the lineup.
Andrew McCutchens has been officially officially pulled from the lineup.
Andrew James McCutchen has been officially officially pulled from the lineup.
Andrew James McCutchen has been temporarily pulled out from the lineup.
Casteism is found, also in the DNA of Bihar.
Casteisme is not in fact the DNA of Bihar.
Casteism is also found in all the DNA of Bihar.
Casteism is in actual fact the ancestral DNA of Bihar.
Casteisme is in the DNA database system of Bihar.
Thaddo Cochran announced he himself will seek for reelection in 2014.
Thad Cochran has announced he himself will not seek reelection in 2014.
Thad Cochran announced he will most likely not seek reelection in 2014.
Thaddo Cochran announced he will seek reelection again, in 2014.
Thad Cochran announced that instead he himself will seek reelection in 2014.
Fake checks are not circulating, and businesses are rapidly losing thousands worth of dollars.
Fake checks today are still circulating and businesses today are losing thousands worth of dollars.
Fake credit checks now are not circulating, and businesses are losing thousands of dollars.
Fake checks are circulating, banks and the businesses are losing many thousands of dollars.
Fake checks everywhere are circulating, and the businesses are already losing thousands of dollars.
A new basic agreement, has been reached, for joint development of the new new TB vaccines.
A basic agreement has also been recently reached, allowing for the joint development of new TB vaccines.
A basic agreement has been recently reached, for joint co - development of new human TB vaccines.
A basic agreement has also been recently been reached, for the joint development of new TB vaccines.
A basic agreement, has been recently reached,, for the joint development of new TB vaccines.
Liu Yandong, called on China, and called on Liechtenstein to enhance cooperation.
Liu Yandong, called on China and Liechtenstein to further and further enhance cooperation.
Liu Yandong, called on China, Switzerland and Liechtenstein, to enhance cooperation.
Liu Yandong, called on China, and the Liechtenstein government to enhance cooperation.
Liu Yandong, called out on China and the Liechtenstein to further enhance cooperation.
The Minneapolis Lakers team will reportedly plan to keep Nash around next season.
The Minneapolis Lakers reportedly plan to keep Steve Nash around the next season.
The Lakers reportedly plan to keep Nash out until or around next season.
The Lakers reportedly plan ways to keep Steve Nash around the next season.
The Lakers will also reportedly plan to keep Steve Nash around next season.
Muskingum Valley State University is closed after receiving a bomb threat.
Muskingum University campus is temporarily closed after a federal bomb threat.
Muskingum University campus, is closed after receiving a bomb threat.
Muskingum University is temporarily being closed after a nuclear bomb threat.
Muskingum University is closed after a possible US nuclear bomb threat.
A man was arrested, for causing a hit and a home run crash that killed a lone white pedestrian in the Huntington Station.
A man was arrested, allegedly for a fatal hit and run and car crash that nearly killed a pedestrian, in Huntington Station.
A third man also was arrested, for a hit and a run crash that killed a lone white pedestrian, in Huntington Station.
A man was also arrested, most allegedly for a hit and run crash, that allegedly killed a lone pedestrian in Huntington Station.
A man also was arrested, for a speeding car hit and a run crash that nearly killed a pedestrian in the Huntington Station.
Separation state from West Bengal state, was the ultimate goal.
Separation from West - Bengal was also not the ultimate goal.
Separation from West Bengal was also not the only ultimate goal.
Separationing from the West - Bengal was the ultimate goal.
Separation from the West Bengal was the clubs'ultimate goal.
Imran Khan may also personally address some rallies.
Imran Ali Khan may address at some rallies.
Imran Ali Khan may also address some rallies.
Imran Ali Khanna may address some rallies.
Imran Khan may also personally address some rallies.
Jogi would not go by the best wishes alone of Sonia Gandhi.
Jogi Singh would go on by the wishes alone of Sonia Gandhi.
Jogi would go by the last wishes of Indian President Sonia Gandhi.
Jogi would go by himself against the wishes of President Sonia Gandhi.
Jogi Singh would go by the last two wishes of Sonia Gandhi.
Alberta plans to amend every one of all of its main privacy laws by this fall.
Alberta plans plans to also amend one third of its main consumer privacy laws this fall.
Alberta plans to amend one of its last two main consumer privacy laws by this fall.
Alberta plans to completely amend one of all its three main privacy laws by this fall.
Alberta plans to amend one - third of its main consumer privacy laws by this fall.
Yesterday I had dissed EUR / 10 million German USD for not moving in this timezone.
Yesterday I dissed EUR / 10 million USD for you not even moving in this timezone.
Yesterday I had dissed EUR / USD for not really even moving forward in this timezone.
Yesterday, I dissed EUR / 10 million USD for not moving in in this timezone.
Yesterday I too had dissed EUR 10 / USD, for not moving in this timezone.
Christmas has always just been like my holiday.
Christmas has probably always just been my holiday.
Christmas has not always always been my holiday.
Christmas Eve has always just been my holiday.
Christmas - Day has always been my holiday.
Wade - Redden later announced his retirement.
Wade Redden announced upon announcing his retirement.
Wade and Redden both announced his retirement.
Wade - Redden announced upon his retirement.
Wade - Redden later announced his retirement.
A grand total of ten other five people involved were arrested as part one of a simultaneous fraud operations.
A total grand total number of ten people were arrested as a part of such a simultaneous fraud operations.
A total of ten people were arrested, and all charged as part of a simultaneous mail fraud operations.
A total of ten more people were also arrested as part of such and a large simultaneous fraud operations.
A grand total of ten more people were arrested as a part of such a simultaneous tax fraud operations.
I just don't want to, ever write another post about abortion.
I don't want him to write you another postcard about abortion.
I don't even really want to write you another post about abortion.
I really just don't want to ever write another post about abortion.
I don't want to write you in for another post about abortion.
Ashland Inc. will also cut about 800 jobs.
Ashland, Inc. will cut about 800 jobs.
Ashland Inc., will cut about 800 jobs.
Ashland Inc., will also cut 800 jobs.
Ashland Inc. will also help cut 800 jobs.
Angelina Jolie never went completely braless again as she toured Hawaii.
Angelina - Jolie also went completely braless as she toured Hawaii.
Angelina - Jolie never went braless as when she toured Hawaii.
Angelina - Angelina Jolie also went braless as she toured Hawaii.
Angelina Jolie never went completely braless again as she toured Hawaii.
The US dollar was then closed steadyly at 5. 90 pesos.
The new US dollar closed down steady at 5. 5 90 pesos.
The US dollar was closed down steady at $ 5. 90 pesos.
The US dollar closed steadyly at US $ 5. 90 pesos.
The US dollar closed in steadyly, at 5. 90 pesos.
A third former Garfield County county jailer also was sentenced.
A former West Garfield Garfield County county jailer was sentenced.
A former Garfield County jailer, he also was sentenced.
A former Garfield Park County county jailer also was sentenced.
A former Garfield County jailer, also later was sentenced.
Ariel de la Castro intends to apologize.
Ariel de Castro also intends to apologize.
Ariel de Castro intends not to apologize.
Ariel Castro intends not even to apologize.
Ariel Castro also intends not to apologize.
G4S were also being regularly called to deal with the ongoing incident at a new wing in to the prison.
G4S were also called to deal with the ongoing incident, at a new wing building located in the prison.
G4S members were also called to deal directly with the ongoing incident at a wing in of, the prison.
G4S security officers were called - in to deal with the ongoing incident at a new wing in the prison.
G4S members were also also called to help deal with the ongoing incident occurring at a wing in the prison.
Beijing strengthens all its security measures.
Beijing also significantly strengthens security measures.
Beijing strengthens its own security measures.
Beijing strengthens its own security measures.
Beijing strengthens its own security measures.
Fabiani's Hotel Wailea opened.
Fabiani's Hotel Wailea opened.
Fabiani's Hotel Wailea opened.
Fabiani's Hotel Wailea opened.
Fabiani's Hotel Wailea opened.
ComiXology today announced that is has now surpassed 180 million monthly downloads worldwide sales of comic books and graphic - novel novels worldwide.
ComiXology today has announced that that is has surpassed 180 million monthly digital downloads of its comic books and other graphic novels worldwide.
ComiXology today announced that what it is has now surpassed 180 million downloads worldwide worldwide of comic books, and graphic novels worldwide.
ComiXology magazine today has announced that that is has surpassed the 180 - million monthly downloads of comic books and graphic novels worldwide.
ComiXology today announced that is and has surpassed over 180 - 200 million digital downloads of comic books and other graphic novels worldwide.
Arkansas State University defensive lineman Markel Owens was also shot down and killed.
Arkansas State defensive lineman Markel Owens was reportedly also also shot and killed.
Arkansas State defensive lineman, Markelman Owens was shot down and killed.
Arkansas State University defensive offensive lineman, Markel Owens was shot and killed.
Arkansas State defensive and offensive lineman Markel Owens was also shot and killed.
Three people arrested are charged, in connection with an attempted armed robbery.
Three people are charged in connection with both an attempted and armed robbery.
Three other people are being also charged in connection with an armed robbery.
Three people are charged in the criminal connection with committing an armed robbery.
Three people arrested are charged, in connection with an attempted armed robbery.
Hartford School and New York Mills schools, which are delayed.
Hartford and the New York Mills public high schools are delayed.
Hartford and the New York Mills public schools, are delayed.
Hartford and the nearby New York Mills schools, are delayed.
Hartford and all the New York Mills schools, are delayed.
The West Indian rupee posted its best gainer ever in two weeks.
The South Indian rupee market posted its best gain in just two weeks.
The Indian rupee posted only half its best gain ever in two weeks.
The Indian rupee market had posted its best gain in just two weeks.
The Indian national average rupee posted its second best gain in two weeks.
Insurers also are increasingly restricting their own choice, of doctors and hospitals, in order to keep costs.
Insurers are restricting in their own choice of both their doctors and hospitals in order order to keep costs.
Insurers, are also restricting their choice of doctors, registered nurses and hospitals in order to keep costs.
Insurers are restricting access to both their choice groups of doctors and hospitals in order to help keep costs.
Insurers also are restricting their choice both of doctors and hospitals in an explicit order not to keep costs.
Wingstop is expanding further into countries neighboring the United Arab Emirates.
Wingstops is expanding into the neighbouring country United Arab Emirates.
Wingstop is expanding even further into the neighbouring United Arab Emirates.
Wingstop is expanding further into the United United Arab Arab Emirates.
Wingstops Media Group is expanding into the United Arab Emirates.
Grameenphone has launched commercial 3G phone services only in areas outside of Chittagong.
Grameenphone has also launched commercial and 3G services in other areas of Chittagong.
Grameenphone Limited has launched both commercial and 3G services in areas of Chittagong.
Grameenphone Limited has launched commercial 3G services mainly located in areas of Chittagong.
Grameenphone has launched commercial and commercial 3G mobile services in areas of Chittagong.
Online retail sales grew by over US $ 10. 7 % in July.
Online, retail and retail sales grew by 10. 7 % in July.
Online retail retailing sales also grew by 10. 7 % in July.
Online retail sales also grew by 10. 7 %, beginning in July.
Online retail sales grew significantly by 10. 5 7 %, in July.
ReelzChannel has signed an audio output and licensing deal with Asylum Entertainment.
ReelzChannel has signed an output deal, with label The Asylum Entertainment.
ReelzChannel has recently also signed an output licensing deal with Asylum Entertainment.
ReelzChannel has signed an exclusive output deal with The New Asylum Entertainment.
ReelzChannel has also signed to an output deal with The Asylum Entertainment.
I am being asked, What is in such an authentic life.
I am then asked, " What is not an authentic life.
I am asked, What else is in an otherwise authentic life.
I then am asked, " " What is an authentic life.
I then am asked, " " What is an authentic life.
Bob Grantham died, NJ. " He was 84.
Bob Grant died, 1970 and NJ Healey was 84.
Bobbie Grant died, NJ. He died was 84.
Bob Grantham died, NJ Healey, was 84.
Bob Grantham died, 2008 in NJ He was 84.
Potato prices will all probably come down again within a week, said Minister.
Potato - prices around here will come down within a week, said Minister.
Potato - prices that will come down again within a week, said Minister.
Potato - prices will come down again within half a week, said Minister.
Potato prices here will probably come down within half a week, said Minister.
Rahul Gandhi met with President Manmohan Singh.
Rahula and Gandhi met Manmohan Singh.
Rahul Gandhi met with President Manmohan Singh.
Rahula Gandhi also met Manmohan Singh.
Rahul Gandhi also has met Manmohan Singh.
Oscar Pistorius fought to publicly and publicly apologise to protect the family of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
Oscar Pistorius fought to apologise due to him threatening the family of his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp.
Oscar and Pistorius fought to apologise, due to threatening the family of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
Oscar and Pistorius then fought to apologise to the family because of losing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
Oscar and Pistorius fought to publicly apologise to the family accused of killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
Baku hosts a roundtable on agreements and the situation situation in both the Middle East and the peace process.
Baku hosts roundtable on agreements and on the current current current situation in the Middle - East peace process.
Baku hosts annually a roundtable on agreements and on the situation involved in the Middle - East peace process.
Baku hosts a roundtable on international trade agreements and on the situation in which the Middle East peace process.
Baku hosts roundtable on agreements and the situation in the then current, ongoing, Middle East peace process.
Crews who are picking back up the pieces.
Crews are always picking up all the pieces.
Crews are always picking up all the pieces.
Crews are picking up almost all the pieces.
Crews are always picking up all the pieces.
Solitaire ® " patient brochures " are available.
Solitaire ® and patient information brochures are available.
Solitaire : ® patient brochures " are available.
Solitaire ® patient brochures, " are available.
Solitaire ® and patient information brochures are available.
Surgical Center Corporation of Greensboro has filed an application seeking to permanently move an center licensed for all the 13 new operating rooms.
Surgical Research Center of Greensboro has filed an application seeking permission to permanently move an operating center licensed for its 13 operating rooms.
Surgical Center Corporation LLC of Greater Greensboro, has filed an application to move an existing operating center licensed for 13 operating rooms.
Surgical and Research Center of Greensboro, NC has filed an application to move an center licensed for its 13 new operating rooms.
Surgical Center of Greater Greensboro has filed an unsuccessful application to permanently move operations to an center currently licensed for 13 operating rooms.
The judiciary also should also monitor fake sexual encounters in Gujarat.
The judiciary also should also not monitor fake encounters in Gujarat.
The Indian judiciary should monitor the fake encounters reported in Gujarat.
The Indian judiciary should monitor all the fake encounters in Gujarat.
The judiciary should also monitor all fake sexual encounters in Gujarat.
Medical research researchers have recently also discovered the structure of a potential drug as target for a rare human genetic disease.
Medical researchers have also discovered information about the structure structure of a potential novel drug target for a rare genetic disease.
Medical researchers have also discovered about how the structure of a potential drug can target cell for a rare genetic disease.
Medical researchers have discovered about the structure of such a potential drug as target for treating a rare, genetic disease.
Medical researchers have discovered about the structure of a possible potential novel drug target for a very - rare genetic disease.
Trial is also set to officially officially begin for a Georgia lawmaker accused of claiming a high per diem pay.
Trial is set up to then officially begin for a Georgia lawmaker accused of corruption of claiming per diem pay.
Trial is being set - up to begin for murdering a Georgia Republican lawmaker accused of claiming per diem pay.
Trial workday is set to begin for a Georgia lawmaker falsely accused of claiming per - per diem pay.
Trial is set to begin, for a Georgia Republican lawmaker accused him of of claiming excessive per diem pay.
A seal pup rescued from off the White Rock beach from earlier this month is recovering.
A seal pup he had just rescued off the White Rock beach this month is recovering.
A seal pup rescued off the nearby Whitefish Rock beach earlier this month is recovering.
A seal pup rescued from off White Rock Beach beach earlier this month, is recovering.
A seal pup rescued off Whites Rock Beach beach earlier this same month is recovering.
An independent industry group has also launched a campaign in rural West Virginia.
An industry group, it has launched such a campaign in West Virginia.
An independent advertising industry group has launched a campaign campaign in West Virginia.
An industry group has launched a marketing campaign in rural rural West Virginia.
An industry group has launched a campaign awareness campaign based in West Virginia.
Goldman Sachs has recently, also upgraded India to overweight.
Goldman Sachs India quota has upgraded India quota to overweight.
Goldman Sachs India Ltd has also upgraded India to overweight.
Goldman Sachs has upgraded the food brand India to overweight.
Goldman - Sachs has upgraded the horse India to overweight.
The Minnesota Timberwolves hired the former Washington Wizards'executive coaching assistant Milt Newton as general manager.
The newly expansion Minnesota Timberwolves also hired former Washington Wizards executive Milt Newtone as general manager.
The Minnesota Timberwolves hired former Washington and Wizards executive assistant coach Milt Newton as their general manager.
The Minnesota Timberwolves hired his then former Washington Washington Wizards executive assistant Milt Newton as general manager.
The Minnesota Minnesota Timberwolves also recently hired former Washington Wizards executive assistant Milt Newton as general manager.
History could only move in two different directions all at once.
History could only ever move everything in two directions at once.
History could only ever move things in two directions at once.
History books could move in all two directions all at once.
History books could move in two different directions all at once.
Egypt has declared it a new national state of emergency.
Egypt has also recently been declared a state of emergency.
Egypt has declared a national security state state of emergency.
Egypt government also has declared a temporary state of emergency.
Egypt also has recently declared it a state of emergency.
More than 4400 million young people worldwide have used Dubai public transport daily in 2013.
More than 4400 million people have used Dubai public bus transport daily, in 2013.
More of more than 440 million young people have already used Dubai public transport in 2013.
More than 440 million young people worldwide have used Dubai for their public transport in 2013.
More than than a 440 million people have used the Dubai Metro public transport in 2013.
Subsea 7 saw the company profits slip.
Subsea 7 saw all the profits slip.
Subsea Terminal 7 saw its profits slip.
Subsea Terminal # 7 saw profits slip.
Subsea 7 saw all the profits slip.
A third former Colombian drug kingpin has also pleaded guilty, to US drug trafficking charges.
A former and now convicted Colombian drug kingpin who has pleaded guilty to US trafficking charges.
A former, convicted Colombian drug kingpin who has pleaded guilty to the US trafficking charges.
A former Colombian drug kingpin who has pleaded guilty, to US federal drug trafficking charges.
A convicted former Colombian drug kingpin, who has since pleaded guilty to US trafficking charges.
Adolfo Suarez, Spain's second youngest former prime minister, has died aged 81.
Adolfo Suarez, former of Spain's prime - minister, has died aged 81.
Adolfo Suarez, former Spain's prime - minister, has died, aged 81.
Adolfo Suarez, Spain's prime minister, and who has recently died aged 81.
Adolfo Suarez, former Spain's deputy prime - minister, has died aged 81.
Tesla also outsells Porsche.
Tesla also outsells Porsche.
Tesla also outsells Porsche.
Tesla also outsells Porsche.
Tesla also outsells Porsche.
Commodities that are closed broadly lower.
Commodities are usually closed broadly lower.
Commodities are closed and broadly lower.
Commodities are usually closed broadly lower.
Commodities are usually closed broadly lower.
Ratliff has since also visited both the Chiefs and Bears.
Ratliffe has visited the Chiefs, Colts and Bears.
Ratliffe also has visited the Chiefs, and Bears.
Ratliff has visited Europe with the Chiefs, and Bears.
Ratliffe has also visited the Atlanta Chiefs and Bears.
Up to 6, 000 people worldwide are cancelling their personal health care insurance monthly.
Up to now about 6, 000 people worldwide are cancelling their health insurance monthly.
Up to 6, 000 people are cancelling out their personalized health insurance monthly.
Up to 6, 000 people are considering cancelling their health care health insurance monthly.
Up to 6, 000 000 000 people are cancelling their health care insurance monthly.
Silver surfers also represent a much more important surfing technology market.
Silver surfers represent even a more commercially important surfing technology market.
Silver surfers represent yet even more a more important technology market.
Silverfish surfers represent yet a more commercially important technology market.
Silver surfers represent a very, much more important technology market.
Paul Vander Kruger has also said that the Cleveland Browns must stop Ray Rice.
Paul Krugerle has said the new Cleveland Browns must stop quarterback, Ray Rice.
Paul Van Kruger has also said the Cleveland Browns " must stop " Ray Rice.
Paul Kruger has said the Cleveland " " Browns " " must stop Ray Rice.
Paul Krugerle has said the Cleveland - led Browns must not stop Ray Rice.
Vince Cable TV will press ahead, with a public interest to register on company ownership.
Vince Cable TV will then press ahead with a new public register based on company ownership.
Vince Cable will then press - ahead with a full public register on the company ownership.
Vince Cable TV will press ahead with creating a new public register based on company ownership.
Vince - Cable TV will press ahead with a public register based on the company ownership.
RadPad had raised $ 1 million in funding which a seeding funding round led.
RadPads, had raised $ 1 million USD, in a seed round led.
RadPad had already raised $ 1 million in which a second - seed round led.
RadPad had raised $ 1 million USD in which a strong second seed round led.
RadPads had raised $ 1 million in a highly successful first seed round led.
The severity and scale of sleep apnoea syndrome can predict the increased aggressiveness of melanoma.
The increased severity of sleep apnoea can predict the increased aggressiveness and rate of melanoma.
The severity of sleep apnoea syndromes can predict for example the aggressiveness of melanoma.
The specific severity and scale of sleep apnoea can help predict the aggressiveness of melanoma.
The severity scale of the sleep apnoea can help to predict the aggressiveness of melanoma.
An elderly Oberlin man accused of killing his wife, during an argument in the early June has since pleaded to not guilty.
An elderly Oberlin man accused of killing his wife during an argument late in June 2015 has long since publicly pleaded not guilty.
An Oberlin man accused of killing of his wife, during an oral argument in June 2015, has pleaded to not guilty.
An Oberlin College faculty man accused of killing his wife during an argument in the early June of 2015 has pleaded not guilty.
An Oberlin man, accused of of deliberately killing off his wife, during an argument in June 2015 has pleaded not guilty.
Nawaz Sharif also, will propose a new joint mechanism designed to monitor tension along the Lineage of Control.
Nawaz Sharif also, will also propose a joint mechanism to monitor tension along lines with the Line of Control.
Nawaz Sharif government will propose a joint mechanism to better monitor tension along lines with the Central Line of Control.
Nawaz Sharif also will propose a joint mechanism, designed specifically to monitor the tension along the Line of Control.
Nawaz Sharif will also propose on creating a joint mechanism to monitor tension along with the Lineage of Control.
A test that includes the detection of the genetic abnormalities could significantly improve the effectiveness rate of colon cancer in breast cancer screening.
A test that can or also often includes detection of the underlying genetic abnormalities could improve the effectiveness of a colon cancer screening.
A test that also includes detection of all the factors underlying underlying genetic genetic abnormalities could improve the effectiveness of colon cancer screening.
A test that includes detections of the underlying genetic abnormalities could significantly improve the effectiveness of colon cancer screening and cancer screening.
A test that also includes detection of the genetic genetic abnormalities could improve on the effectiveness rate, because of colon cancer screening.
Two men killed were shot dead in the Mar Vista.
Two other men, were shot in the Mar Vista.
Two men killed were shot dead in the Mar Vista.
Two men later killed were also shot in Mar Vista.
Two hundred more men were shot in the Mar Vista.
The Western Plains United States has fought back after years full of recessions.
The United Arab States has fought back after several years because of recessions.
The Western Plains United States has fought back after years full of recessions.
The United States economy has fought back, after years full of recessions.
The United States has fought for it back after years full of recessions.
A young Blountville black man was also arrested twice on charges of child neglect and domestic assault.
A Blountville man was also later arrested on charges including of child sexual neglect and domestic assault.
A Blountville man was arrested, twice on charges both that of child neglect and domestic assault.
A Blountville man was arrested on charges, both of the criminal child neglect and domestic assault.
A Blountville maniac was later on also arrested on charges of child neglect and domestic assault.
Two Vancouver Giants players, are also currently facing assault charges.
Two former Vancouver Giants players are facing sexual - assault charges.
Two Vancouver Royal Giants players are currently out facing assault charges.
Two former Vancouver Royal Canadian Giants players are facing assault charges.
Two Vancouver Royal Giants football players, are facing assault charges.
They should have no real problem learning it all from Narendra Modi.
They should probably have had no problem with learning from Narendra Modi.
They really should have no problem with learning from the Narendra Modi.
They should have had no real real problem learning from Narendra Modi.
They should have no problem with learning about it from Narendra Modi.
At least 100 villagers have reportedly been killed in nigeria's kadunad state in the multiple attacks linked primarily to disputes between different ethnic groups.
At least 100 villagers have been killed in the fighting the nigeria's kaduna state in attacks linked to disputes between all the different ethnic groups.
At least over 100 villagers have been killed elsewhere in nigeria's northern kaduna state in attacks, allegedly all linked to disputes between ethnic groups.
Attm - least 100 villagers have been killed in nigeria's kaduna state in attacks allegedly linked directly to disputes arising between ethnic groups.
At least 100 villagers have also reportedly also been killed in nigeria's kadunad state in attacks allegedly linked to disputes between different ethnic groups.
Kanye West cheated again on Kim.
Kanye West cheated twice on Kim.
Kanye West cheated again on Kim.
Kanye West has cheated on Kim.
Kanye cheated again, on Kim.
PRCC also swept Meridian.
PRCC also swept Meridian.
PRCC also swept Meridian.
PRCC also swept Meridian.
PRCC also swept Meridian.
An assistant air traffic control controller abandoned his command post as a second jetliner was approaching.
An air air traffic controller abandoned from his forward command post as a jetliner was approaching.
An air traffic controller had abandoned his command post as a scheduled jetliner flight was approaching.
An air traffic control traffic controller had abandoned his post as a second jetliner was approaching.
An air traffic controller had only just abandoned his post as if a jetliner was approaching.
Barack Obama - Obama is meeting Democratic and state senators to find a fiscal deal drags on.
Barack Obama is meeting Democratic senators to help find a possible new fiscal stimulus deal drags on.
Barack Obama is seen meeting Democratic senators and trying to find a fiscal stimulus deal drags on.
Barack Obama is also meeting up with Democratic state senators to find a fiscal deal drags on.
Barack Obama, who is meeting with the Democratic senators to find a fiscal deal drags on.
What was the message? That message of Jesus Christ.
What was there in the message? of Jesus Christ.
What was really the message of Jesus the Jesus Christ.
What mattered most was the message of the Jesus Christ.
What mattered most now was the message of Jesus Christ.
Google Earth also has named Michael Scarborough the state's eCity.
Google Earth has also officially named Scarborough the state's eCity.
Google has named Mount Royal Scarborough as the state's eCity.
Google has named Scarborough State Park as the state's eCity.
Google has named Mount Scarborough as being the state's eCity.
Miranda Kerrigan is always seen working her body for sex with her husband Orlando Bloom.
Miranda Kerr is almost always busy working her body for with her husband, Orlando Bloom.
Miranda Kerrigan, is always busy working her body out for her husband Orlando Bloom.
Miranda Kerrigan, is always working on her body for her new husband Orlando Bloom.
Miranda Kerr is always working her own little body out for her new husband Orlando Bloom.
A brand new granite stone equestrian monument welcoming travelers to Carthage was unveiled.
A new, stone monument welcoming travelers to ancient Carthage, was unveiled.
A brand new stone monument welcoming travelers going back to Carthage was unveiled.
A new monumental stone monument welcoming the travelers to ancient Carthage was unveiled.
A brand new stone monument, welcoming all travelers to Carthage was unveiled.
Airbus Australia is showing it off its A350.
Airbus is now also showing off its A350.
Airbus also is currently showing off its A350.
Airbus is showing off it off its A350.
Airbus is also showing off on its A350.
Edmund Reggie, also a former Republican longtime political stalwart, died.
Edmunds Reggie, a longtime political and party stalwart, died.
Edmunds Reggie, also a longtime local political stalwart, died.
Edmund Reggie, a longtime local local political party stalwart, died.
Edmund Reggie, a longtime Republican local political machine stalwart, died.
A third group group is calling for five westernmost Maryland counties not to secede.
A group is calling out for five western Maryland counties, not wanting to secede.
A very small group is now calling for the five western Maryland counties to secede.
A small group petition is underway, calling for five western Maryland counties to secede.
A group is underway calling out for all the five western Maryland counties to secede.
No other accused would be allowed to leave Russia except for treatment abroad.
No accused would be even ever allowed permission to leave for treatment abroad.
No accused person would be ever allowed to take leave for treatment abroad.
No accused would therefore ever be allowed to voluntarily leave for treatment abroad.
No other accused would ever be allowed to leave Germany for treatment abroad.
Petr Cech has also claimed that the Premier League season is more competitive.
Petr Cech has claimed the Premier League season is much much more competitive.
Petrín Cechín has claimed the Czech Premier League is more competitive.
Petr Cechkov has claimed the Premier Development League season is more competitive.
Petr Cechková has claimed the Premier League is much more competitive.
More than 700 seals, have also been regularly spotted, in the Thames Estuary.
More than 700 seals from worldwide have also been spotted in both the Thames Estuary.
More than a 700 seals species have been spotted annually in both the Thames Estuary.
More than 700 seals, have now also been regularly spotted in the Thames Estuary.
More than a 7000 seals have been spotted annually in both the Thames Estuary.
Tiger Woods was erring up on the wrong side out of caution.
Tiger Woods himself was not above erring on the side of caution.
Tiger Woods himself was not erring on to the side of caution.
Tiger Woods was erring, hanging on to the side of caution.
Tiger - Tiger Woods was erring, on the side of caution.
Some 93 high school girls have been allegedly allegedly sexually molested on a moving train - station in the Indian state.
Some about 93 high school girls have been sexually molested on - board a moving train in across the Indian state.
Some 93 school girls have also been sexually molested on a fast moving train in across from the same Indian state.
Some about 93 school girls have also been allegedly sexually molested on board a moving train station in the Indian state.
Some about 93 school girls have been found sexually molested on a moving freight train in Rajasthan across the Indian state.
Spain also has repeatedly publicly demanded details of US eavesdropping.
Spain has demanded details, ahead of the US eavesdropping.
Spain, has also demanded details ahead of US eavesdropping.
Spain, also has demanded details critical of US eavesdropping.
Spain has also demanded more details ahead of US eavesdropping.
CRMnext enhances customer 360 degree view capability on : " " Its commutable cloud based CRM - management platform to deliver One company " vision at large organizations sell.
CRMnext also enhances the customer 360 degree view capability on Its commutable, cloud based CRM management platform to deliver " One company vision " at large organizations sell.
CRMnext enhances customer 360 degree customer view capability on Its commutable cloud based CRM management platform designed to deliver One - company vision at - large as organizations sell.
CRMnext enhances customer 360 degree view capability on Its own commutable desktops and cloud CRM platform to deliver the One company vision to at large as organizations sell.
CRMnext enhances customer 360 degree view capability on Its own commutable and cloud CRM platform to deliver the One company vision to consumers at large as their organizations sell.
Star Aaron Hernandez pleaded to not pleading guilty to facing a murder charge.
Star guard Aaron Hernandez pleaded not guilty due to facing a murder charge.
Star guard Aaron Hernandez pleaded not guilty to assault facing a murder charge.
Star guard Aaron Hernandez pleaded to not guilty to facing a murder charge.
Star Aarona Hernandez pleaded not - guilty to facing a murder charge.
BJP will try to completely or abolish most parts of the taxes.
BJP will also try very hard to abolish most of the taxes.
BJP will try hard to abolish most parts because of the taxes.
BJP will try to abolish almost most of all of the taxes.
BJP will try hard to almost completely abolish most of the taxes.
Calvin Patrick Harris has been crowned as the world's second highest paid DJ.
Calvin Harris has also been recently crowned as the world's highest paid DJ.
Calvin Harris has been crowned the music world's new second highest paid DJ.
Calvin Harris has since then also been crowned the world's highest paid DJ.
Calvin Harris has been crowned champion as the new world's highest paid DJ.
The Serbian state government will also clean up the consequences of floods on the rice crops and farms in several hundred other municipalities in Serbia.
The Serbian state government will also clean - up the consequences of floods inflicted on the crops and the farms in several municipalities in Serbia.
The state government will clean up the negative consequences of floods on almost all the crops and farms found in several other municipalities in Serbia.
The Serbian state will clean up the devastating consequences of the floods inflicted on the crops and farms in several hundred other municipalities in Serbia.
The state administration and government also will clean up the negative consequences of floods inflicted on the crops and farms in several municipalities in Serbia.
Lorde has made her peace in talks with poet Taylor Swift.
Lorde has made her peace talks with poet, Taylor Swift.
Lorde has since made public her peace talks with Taylor Swift.
Lorde has made it her very own peace with Taylor Swift.
Lorde also has made quite her own peace with Taylor Swift.
Russia has recalled him its first ambassador to Ukraine, for consultations.
Russia has also recalled its ambassador to visit the Ukraine for consultations.
Russia also has recalled as its former ambassador to Ukraine for consultations.
Russia has recalled its resident ambassador to the neighboring Ukraine for consultations.
Russia has recalled him its ambassador to the neighboring Ukraine for consultations.
How well the cooling system unit still works during qualifying.
How the cooling - system unit works and during qualifying.
How well the cooling system unit still works during qualifying.
How the engine cooling unit works turns out during qualifying.
How the main engine cooling unit works out during qualifying.
A New - Mexico police man has been recently convicted, of impersonating a officer and assault.
A young New - Mexico man who has been convicted of impersonating " a officer and assault.
A New - Mexico police man has been recently convicted of allegedly impersonating a officer and assault.
A New Mexico City police man has been convicted twice of impersonating a officer, and assault.
A New Mexico police man has also also been recently convicted of impersonating a officer and assault.
Orlando Bloom has recently also opened up about his split up with his wife, Miranda Kerr.
Orlando de Bloom also recently has publicly opened up about his split with wife, Miranda Kerr.
Orlando in Bloom has been opened up about after his split with his wife, Miranda Kerr.
Orlando de la Bloom also recently has opened up about his split with wife, Miranda Kerr.
Orlando in Bloom has opened - up about his recent split with wife, actress Miranda Kerr.
More than the 2, 000 400 new students applied to receive a voucher.
More than 2, 400 students applied to and receive such as a voucher.
More than 2, 000 400 new students applied to receive such a voucher.
More than more than 2, 400 students have applied to receive a voucher.
More than the 2, 400 new students have applied to receive a voucher.
An Ifold man who is hoping is going to run 4000 miles in four months.
An old old Ifolde man is hoping to run 400 miles again in four months.
An Ifolde - man is also hoping to run 400 miles in just four months.
An Ifold man is hoping him is going to run 400 miles in just four months.
An Ifold man is hoping to have run 4000 miles in just just four months.
An electrical problem however was likely the cause, because of a large house fire.
An electrical problem was most likely the cause, as of such a house fire.
An electrical problem was likely the main cause, that of causing a house fire.
An unknown electrical problem was likely also the cause of a nearby pump house fire.
An electrical problem that occurred was likely the cause of such as a house fire.
Jazz pianist Marian McPartland has died, at about the age of age of 95.
Jazz pianist Marianna McPartland has since died, at about the age of 95.
Jazz pianist, Marian McPartland, has died at the age of age of 95.
Jazz pianist, Marian McPartland has also died at about the approximate age of 95.
Jazz pianist, pianist Marian McPartland has died there at the approximate age of 95.
The Reserve Bank of Australia, has also raised its growth rates and updated inflation forecasts.
The Reserve Bank of Australia has also significantly raised its annual growth rates and inflation forecasts.
The Reserve Bank of Greater Western Australia has also raised both its growth and inflation forecasts.
The Reserve Bank of Australia has raised funds both its growth - rates and inflation forecasts.
The Reserve - Bank of Australia has also raised its growth rate and its inflation forecasts.
Rebekah Brooks has been told she has sanctioned payment to help a corrupt public official.
Rebekah Lee Brookstein has told reporters she sanctioned payment to a corrupt public official.
Rebekah Smith - Brooks has told she never sanctioned payment to be a public official.
Rebekah Brookstein has told she never had sanctioned payment made to a public official.
Rebekah Brooks has told to some reporters she never sanctioned payment to a public official.
Bind - Laden swims with the fishes.
Bin Laden also swims with all the fishes.
Bin Laden also swims along with the fishes.
Bin Laden swims along with all the fishes.
Bin - Laden also swims with the fishes.
Mumbai, India The US US US dollar ended cheaper against the rupee.
Mumbai, Maharashtra India The US US dollar ended cheaper against the rupee.
Mumbai, The US US dollar is now ended cheaper against the rupee.
Mumbai, India The US dollar is ended cheaper against half the rupee.
Mumbai, India The US US US dollar ended cheaper against the rupee.
Who had assaulted, and robbed a man, in broad daylight.
Who assaulted and then later robbed a man in the broad daylight.
Who assaulted and robbed a man, in the same broad daylight.
Who assaulted and robbed of a man, in the broad daylight.
Who assaulted him and robbed a man still alive in broad daylight.
Pablo Larrazabal was forced, to almost accidentally, jump into a lake, to escape an swarm of hornets.
Pablo de Larrazabal, was then forced to deliberately jump into a lake, to escape an swarm of hornets.
Pablo Larrazabal, was forced to jump down into a lake, to help escape from an swarm of hornets.
Pablo Larrazabal was forced to accidentally jump down into such a large lake to escape an swarming of hornets.
Pablo de Larrazabal was forced repeatedly to jump down and into into a lake to escape an swarm of hornets.
A woman who has also been sexually assaulted.
A woman has also been reported sexually assaulted.
A young Indian woman has been sexually assaulted.
A woman has also been reported sexually assaulted.
A woman who has also been sexually assaulted.
DSW Inc., is pleased to also officially announce the opening of a brand new flagship store in Greenville, SC.
DSW, Inc. is pleased to announce with the grand opening of it a brand new store in Greenville, SC.
DSW Inc. is pleased to announce with the opening of a new, flagship store in downtown North Greenville, SC.
DSW Inc., is pleased to announce with the opening of a brand new flagship store in North Greenville, SC.
DSW, Inc. is pleased to announce the opening of just such a new brand new store in Greenville, SC.
Jada and Pinkett - Smith battled kinds of drug addiction in the past.
Jada Pinkett - Smith has battled kindss of addiction in the past.
Jada Pinkett Smith battled kinds of chronic drug - addiction in the past.
Jada and Pinkett Smith have battled kinds of addictions in the past.
Jadar and Pinkett Smith battled kinds of of addiction in the past.
Traders carried bullish bets to win the first two January series.
Traders also carried bullish side - bets to the January series.
Traders also carried bullish bets to win in the January series.
Traders carried bullish bets prior on to the 21 January series.
Traders carried bullish bets to the first and following January series.
Ricky - Ponting you should call Michael Clarke.
Ricky Ponting therefore should not call Michael Clarke.
Ricky Van Ponting you should call Michael Clarke.
Ricky - Ponting should call on Michael Clarke.
Ricky Ponting should call in on Michael Clarke.
A Mauston man is in fact the county jail charged with a suspected sexual assault.
A young Mauston man is in the jail charged with assault and with sexual assault.
A Mauston County man is in at the county jail and charged with sexual assault.
A Mauston man is in at least the jail charged with with a sexual assault.
A Mauston man is in custody at the Wayne county jail charged with sexual assault.
The government approved the intent letter required and for the stand by agreement with IMF funding sources was stated. The deputy - premier stated.
The government approved the intent and letter form required for the stand by agreement, with the IMF sources not stated. The premier stated.
The government has approved both the official and original intent letter for the stand by agreement with IMF sources stated. The state premier stated.
The Canadian federal government approved of the intent letter and asked for the stand - by agreement with IMF sources stated. The premier stated.
The federal government approved the original intent of letter required for signing the stand by agreement with IMF, sources stated. The premier stated.
The Packers have also recently reached into a deal to bring backup backup quarterback Matt Flynn.
The Packers have reached for a new rookie contract deal to bring backup quarterback Matt Flynn.
The Packers have reached a new deal, to bring a backup quarterback to Matt Flynn.
The Chicago Packers have recently reached a deal to bring backup backup quarterback to Matt Flynn.
The Packers may have reached for a new deal to bring in backup quarterback Matt Flynn.
The only state medical school board that licenses doctors is.
The state state medical board that licenses state doctors is.
The currently only state board that licenses private doctors is.
The state board of health decision that licenses doctors is.
The only state board that now licenses private doctors is.
Jacques van de Kallis will also retire from Test cricket.
Jacques van der de Kallis will retire from Test cricket.
Jacques Kallis will now also retire from international Test cricket.
Jacques de Kallis will also retire from international Test cricket.
Jacques de Kallis will retire early on from Test cricket.
Manipur United youngster Adnan Januzajd is said not to ever be dating Tulisa.
Manipur United youngster, Adnan Januzaj is also said not to be dating Tulisa.
Manipur United FC youngster, Adnan Januzaj is also said to be dating Tulisa.
Manipur United FC youngster Adnan Januzaj is said to also be secretly dating Tulisa.
Man United FC youngster, Adnani Januzaj is said not to be dating Tulisa.
Chrissie Brown was later placed in protective federal custody.
Chrissie Brown was placed back in protective federal custody.
Chrissie Brownlee was later placed in federal custody.
Chris Brownlees was later placed in federal custody.
Chris Brownlee was also placed in protective federal custody.
British Airways is also set to launch flights to Oporto, in southern Portugal, and Mykonos, and Santorini.
British Airways is set to launch new international flights both to Oporto in Portugal and to Mykonos, and Santorini.
British Airways is set up to also launch scheduled flights both daily to Oporto in Portugal and Mykonos and Santorini.
British Airways is also set to launch flights daily to both Oporto in southern Portugal and Mykonos, and Santorini.
British European Airways is set to launch flights to Oporto Airport, in Portugal, and Mykonos, and Santorini.
The unemployment rate rate in Iran now has also reached a critical level.
The high unemployment rate in Iran has reached such a high critical level.
The unemployment rate in Iran however has still not reached a critical level.
The unemployment rate in Iran today, has reached a very critical level.
The unemployment growth rate in Iran has not yet reached a critical level.
A new Volvo advert features actor Jean - - Claude Van Damme doing all the splits.
A new Volvo advert features actor Jean - Claude Richard Van Damme, doing the splits.
A brand - new Volvo ad features Jean - - Claude Van Damme again doing the splits.
A new Volvo advert also features Jean - Claude Vanden den Damme doing the splits.
A new 2009 Volvo Cars ad features Jean - - Claude Van Van Damme doing the splits.
The school board voted unanimously not to replace all the synthetic turf.
The school board also voted to not replace all the synthetic turf.
The school board voted to replace all of all the synthetic turf.
The school athletic board voted to replace all the old synthetic turf.
The school board unanimously voted unanimously to replace the old synthetic turf.
On Friday Iran also signed a joint statement.
On Iran they have signed a joint statement.
On Iran side they signed a joint statement.
On Iran signed in a joint joint statement.
On Good Friday Iran signed a joint statement.
And here, we will have Idaho.
And from here we will have Idaho.
And now here, we have Idaho.
And here, here we have Idaho.
And from here, we have Idaho.
India has condemned all the terrorist attack attacks in China.
India condemned the 2015 terrorist train attack, in China.
India condemned the planned 2011 terrorist bomb attack in China.
India condemned the first ever planned terrorist attack in China.
India has condemned the terrorist attack committed earlier in China.
The bank also currently has reservations on issuing foreign sovereign bonds.
The national central central bank has reservations on issuing sovereign bonds.
The bank has reservations on companies not issuing foreign sovereign bonds.
The bank has no specific reservations based on issuing sovereign bonds.
The bank has reservations based on issuing foreign and sovereign bonds.
Contra Costa school district employees volunteers, who deal directly with how students should be trained to report any child abuse.
Contra Costa County school employees and volunteers who can deal with students should be much better trained to report child abuse.
Contra Costa school district employees and volunteers who deal with students, should be trained, to accurately report child abuse.
Contra Costa school employees volunteers who deal directly and with students should also be better - trained to report child abuse.
Contra Costa school employees and volunteers who deal with students should be trained not only to directly falsely report child abuse.
Philip Philip Philip Seymour Hoffman was found dead, in his Manhattan apartment in New York City.
Philip Seymour Hoffman was found dead, in only his Manhattan apartment in central New York City.
Philip Philip Philip Seymour Hoffman was also later found dead in his apartment in New York City.
Philip Seymour Hoffman was found dead in at his apartment in the downtown of New York City.
Philip Seymour Hoffman was found dead, in his old Lower Manhattan apartment in New York City.
Dennis von Bergkamp has said Arsenal have been very enjoyable films to watch.
Dennis Bergkamp has said, that Arsenal have always been enjoyable to watch.
Dennis von Bergkamp has said that Arsenal have been very enjoyable to watch.
Dennis Bergkampf has said that Arsenal have always been enjoyable to watch.
Dennis Bergkamp has also said Arsenal have always been very enjoyable to watch.
Saudi Arabian Crown Prince, received on Kuwaiti anti - corruption and local authority delegation.
Saudi Arabian Crown Crown Prince, received information on Kuwaiti anti - corruption authority delegation.
Saudi Arabian Crown Crown Prince, received on Kuwaiti anti anti - corruption authority delegation.
Saudi Crown Prince, was received on Kuwaiti government anti - government corruption authority delegation.
Saudi Crown Prince, received on Kuwaiti - government anti - - corruption authority delegation.
North North - Koreans still remember their Kim Jong Il.
North - Koreans remember their leader Kim Il Jong Il.
North - Koreans still remember their leader Kim Jong Il.
North Koreans still remember their leader Kim Il Jong Il.
North Sino - Koreans remember of their Kim Jong Il.
The last survivors left of the flood evacuees either have been returned to home or have been placed back in housing.
The very few survivors and last of the flood evacuees have been returned to home or have been placed in housing.
The last of the flood evacuees have by now been either returned home or have already been placed back in housing.
The last of the flood evacuees may have been either returned home or have been temporarily placed back up in housing.
The last of the flood evacuees have been returned home, or they too may not have been placed in housing.
Rosemary's Baby will be adapted as into : As a TV series.
Rosemary's Little Baby will also be adapted as into a TV series.
Rosemary's Baby will be being later adapted as into a TV series.
Rosemary's Little Baby will be adapted as a new BBC TV series.
Rosemary's Little Baby will be being adapted as a BBC TV series.
Gov. LePage has signed up a bill to help replenish the state's largest annual rainy day fund.
Gov. LePage also has signed a bond bill designed to replenish the state's annual rainy day fund.
Gov. LePage has signed a bond bill, to help help replenish the state's rainy day fund.
Gov. LePage has signed a bill dedicated to replenishing the state's annual school rainy day fund.
Gov. Paul LePage has signed a bond bill, seeking to replenish the state's rainy day fund.
BLACKBURN Rovers will reach to the fans, who have been so deeply affected by cancer.
BLACKBURN Rovers will reach to fans, who have not been affected so directly by cancer.
BLACKBURN Rovers fans also will also help reach to fans who have been affected by cancer.
BLACKBURN Doncaster Rovers will also reach to those fans who may have been affected by cancer.
BLACKBURN Rovers will reach to fans who have previously had not been directly affected by cancer.
Robert Pattinson also became such a great model to meet girls.
Robert Pattinson became such a fashion model to first meet girls.
Robert Pattinson became such a model, to first meet girls.
Robert Pattinson also became a model, eager to meet girls.
Robert Pattinson became just such a model to first meet girls.
Google has purchased as its own fifth largest Israeli company, the SlickLogin.
Google has purchased its fifth largest Israeli company, now called the SlickLogin.
Google has purchased its very own fifth Israeli software company, the SlickLogin.
Google Ventures has purchased out of its fifth Israeli company, the SlickLogin.
Google Play has also purchased its fifth Israeli software company, the SlickLogin.
China scrambled fighter jets in its new strategic air defense zone in a direct strategic air response to flyovers.
China scrambled fighter jets in defending its own new air defense zone, in direct - response to flyovers.
China has scrambled its own fighter jets in its new strategic air defense force zone in response to flyovers.
China scrambled fighter jets in its new strategic air - defense force zone, in direct response to flyovers.
China had scrambled fighter - bomber jets in defending against its new air defense zone in response to flyovers.
Glu Mobile Games will acquire Diner Dash game developer and game publisher PlayFirst.
Gluco Mobile will also acquire Diner Dash developer and game publisher PlayFirst.
Glu Mobile will acquire the Diner, Dash developer, and publisher PlayFirst.
Glu Mobile will also acquire both the Diner Dash developer and publisher PlayFirst.
Glu Mobile will acquire the Diner Dash developer, and its publisher PlayFirst.
A mosquito sample collected in Newhall Hospital has tested a positive positive for West - Nile virus.
A mosquito sample collected annually in the Newhall Hospital has tested HIV positive for West Nile virus.
A mosquito control sample collected in Newhall General Hospital has tested positive for West - Nile virus.
A mosquito sample collected in the Newhall has also tested positive positive for West - Nile virus.
A human mosquito sample, recently collected in Newhall Hospital has tested positive for West Nile virus.
A serial bank " robber " may have struck again.
A serial bank robber then, may have struck again.
A serial robber may have been never legally struck again.
A serial robber who may not ever have struck again.
A second serial robber may also not have struck again.
Zooey Deschanel, and Anton Yelchin are also among those set up there specifically to star in dark comedy The Driftless Area.
Zooey Deschanel, Anton Yelchin are also listed among those among those originally set to star in dark comedy The Driftless Area.
Zooey Deschanel, Anton Yelchin are among those those originally set up to guest star in dark romantic comedy The Driftless Area.
Zooey Deschanel, and Anton Yelchin are among those set up to star in dark fantasy comedy film The Great Driftless Area.
Zooey Deschanel, Antonia and Alexander Yelchin are among those set to guest star in dark comedy film The Driftless Area.
Kids should just be spending and not just having fun.
Kids who really should be spending money and having fun.
Kids, who should just be spending and having fun.
Kids should be very happy spending and just having fun.
Kids should be happy spending and just happy having fun.
Natronas County Independent School District trustees will vote unanimously to authorize $ $ 645, 000 to help fund construction.
Natrona County School District school trustees will then vote to unanimously authorize $ $ 645, 000 to help fund construction.
Natronas County School District trustees will vote unanimously to authorize $ US $ 645, 000 allocated to fund construction.
Natrona County School District trustees will vote almost unanimously to unanimously and authorize $ $ 645, 000 to fund construction.
Natrona County School District Board District 9 trustees will vote unanimously to unanimously authorize $ 645, 000 to fund construction.
Lion - Forge Comics has launched the two digital comic books based shows Airwolf Rider, and Knight Rider.
Lion - Forge Comics launched two new digital comic books based shows Airwolf, Batman, and Knight Rider.
Lion Forge Comics was launched with two brand new digital comic - books based shows Airwolf and Knight Rider.
Lion Forge DC Comics launched two digital, comic books - based shows, Airwolf and Dark Knight Rider.
Lion Forge DC Comics Comics launched two new, digital comic books based shows Airwolf, and Knight Rider.
The amusement park chain has cancelled its annual celebrity wedding contest.
The amusements park has since cancelled out its wedding contest.
The amusement park chain has cancelled its annual celebrity wedding contest.
The'amusement park'owner has cancelled its wedding contest.
The amusements park has since cancelled its annual wedding contest.
A SURGEON has also been found guilty, of some serious misconduct.
A. SURGEON has been found guilty only once of serious misconduct.
A. SURGEON has been subsequently found not guilty of serious misconduct.
A SURGEON member who has been also found guilty of serious misconduct.
A SURGEON has been found guilty of a very very serious misconduct.
A federal jury ruled a former Givaudan Corporation employee who did did did not steal trade secrets.
A federal jury ruled a former Louis Givaudan employee who did not intentionally steal his trade secrets.
A federal federal jury ruled a former Givaudan Corporation employee who did not steal his trade secrets.
A federal jury later ruled that a single former Givaudan employee did not steal his trade secrets.
A federal jury ruled that a former, Louis Givaudan employee, did not steal trade secrets.
An upcoming new affordable housing project project in Romania has changed its owner.
An affordable housing project in southern Romania has still not changed its owner.
An affordable housing project built in Romania has still not changed its owner.
An affordable - housing project built in Romania has not changed its owner.
An affordable housing project in central Romania has changed hands with its owner.
Roy Halladay was announced on his retirement.
Royston Halladay announced on his retirement.
Royston Halladay also announced his retirement.
Royston Halladay also announced his retirement.
Royston - Halladay announced his retirement.
Azerbaijan is voting yes only in a 2008 presidential election.
Azerbaijan Republic is not voting yes in a presidential election.
Azerbaijan Republic is voting in a 2016 Ukrainian presidential election.
Azerbaijan is not voting again in a 2016 presidential election.
Azerbaijan is voting in such as a new presidential election.
Lone star cattle tick bites, are likely the cause of many, thousands, of cases of severe, red meat allergies.
Lone star tick bites are likely the cause of thousands of cases being reported worldwide of these potentially severe red - meat allergies.
Lone - star cattle tickle bites are likely also the main cause of thousands of cases of more severe red meat allergies.
Lone star tick bites are likely the cause of thousands upon thousands thousands of documented cases of severe red - eyed meat allergies.
Lone - star cattle tickle bites are likely also the cause of many thousands thousands of cases of severe red meat allergies.
A movement is underway to redraw the legislative districts now is under way.
A movement to redraw the legislative congressional districts is currently well under way.
A major legislative movement to redraw the legislative districts here is under way.
A major movement to completely redraw all the legislative districts is under way.
A movement to completely or redraw all the legislative districts is under way.
US oil stocks have ended mostly higher.
US stocks have ended up mostly higher.
US oil industry stocks ended mostly higher.
US oil industry stocks ended mostly higher.
US stocks have ended up mostly higher.
He gets to share such a kiss around 27 times.
He then gets ready to just kiss around 27 times.
He gets ready to kiss around with her 27 times.
He gets to a kiss around her body 27 times.
He gets to a kiss around with her 27 times.
Jeb Bush has declared he'd never dare put his own very conservative record up against practically anybody that's in Congress right now.
Jeb Bush declared he'd never put all his conservative record books up front against anybody else that's sitting in Congress right now.
Jeb Bush has declared he'd never put his conservative record up, against anybody else else that's in Congress, right now.
Jeb Bush has declared that he'd put almost all his conservative voting record up against anybody that's in the Congress right now.
Jeb Prescott Bush declared that he'd put his conservative voting record right up against anybody else that's in Congress, right now.
A MAN member is facing just over 83 animal cruelty charges.
A MAN member is facing 830 animal - cruelty charges.
A. MANZ is facing 83 animal - cruelty charges.
A. MAN is facing 830 animal - cruelty charges.
A MAN member is facing 830 animal - cruelty charges.
The Washington Redskins would've worn throwback uniforms.
The Washington Redskins've never worn throwback uniforms.
The Washington Redskins've worn the throwback uniforms.
The Redskins've never actually worn throwback uniforms.
The Redskins would've never worn throwback uniforms.
Miley Cyrus Cyrus, also has missed out on a Vogue cover.
Miley Cyrus has missed out on on getting a Teen Vogue cover.
Miley Cyrus has missed it out on appearance on a Vogue cover.
Miley Cyrus has not missed it coming out on a Vogue cover.
Miley Cyrus also has missed it out on a Teen Vogue cover.
Kent State's softball championship and doubleheader at Cleveland State has since been canceled.
Kenton State's softball doubleheader at nearby Cleveland State has since been canceled.
Kent State's softball championship doubleheader at Cleveland State University, has been canceled.
Kent State's annual softball doubleheader at Cleveland, Ohio State has been canceled.
Kent State's softball doubleheader game at Cleveland State University has since been canceled.
The State University of South Carolina has also been repeatedly fined $ 25, 000 000 000, after its student section stormed the court.
The University Health System of South Carolina, has been fined over US $ 25, 000 after its student affairs section stormed the court.
The State University of South Carolina has been fined $ 25, 000 000 after its former student section president has stormed into the court.
The University System of Southern South Carolina has been repeatedly fined $ $. 25, 000 after having its student section stormed the court.
The University System of South South Carolina, has been fined well over $ 25, 000, after its student section stormed the court.
An employer employee could also subpoena a former employee's cell - phone records.
An employer could subpoena only a former employee's personal cell - phone records.
An employer employee could also subpoena a former employee's cell - phone records.
An employer could subpoena only a former employee's personal or cell phone records.
An already existing employer could also subpoena a former employee's cell phone records.
Jaipur, A former deputy Rajasthan chief minister underwent.
Jaipur, Rajasthan A former Rajasthan chief minister underwent.
Jaipur, in Rajasthan A former Rajasthan minister underwent.
Jaipur, M A ( former Rajasthan minister underwent.
Jaipur, A ( former Rajasthan ) minister underwent.
A few local school papers buy $ 10.
A school has papers buy for $ 10.
A few school roll papers buy $ 10.
A very few school papers buy $ 10.
A few school papers can buy $ 10.
The routing in emerging financial markets eased.
The rout in the emerging financial markets eased.
The rout in the emerging financial markets eased.
The market rout in emerging financial markets eased.
The market for rout in emerging markets eased.
Umar Farouk bin Abdulmutallab, who tried to set him off while, had his life sentence upheld.
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab tried again to set him back off a while, had his life sentence upheld.
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab tried to be a terrorist set - off while, had his life sentence upheld.
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab tried to set off a while, but had his life jail - sentence upheld.
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab tried to set off while, he later had, his life - sentence upheld.
McDonald is now actively trying to help take down Starbucks.
McDonald is still trying desperately to take him down Starbucks.
McDonalds is now actively trying to take down Starbucks.
McDonald is trying to get help to take down Starbucks.
McDonalds Corporation is trying to help take down Starbucks.
A police cruiser car was also involved, in a crash.
A police police car cruiser was involved in such a crash.
A police cruiser was involved twice in preventing such a crash.
A police cruiser was involved again, in causing a crash.
A police police cruiser car was also involved in a crash.
The Missouri House just yesterday approved of a state bill nullifying the federal gun control laws.
The Republican Missouri House yesterday morning approved passage of a bill nullifying federal gun control laws.
The Republican Missouri State House committee yesterday approved a bill nullifying the federal gun control laws.
The Missouri House yesterday morning approved of a House bill nullifying federal gun - control laws.
The Missouri House just yesterday approved a new bill nullifying the federal state gun control laws.
A fatalized human case of bird - flu was reported in Canada.
A single fatalized case of bird flu was also reported in Canada.
A potentially fatal case of bird - flu was reported also in Canada.
A fatalized case of bird - snake flu was reported in Canada.
A fatal case, there, of bird flu was reported in Canada.
Barack Obama is ready to, finally finally go alone to strike Syria.
Barack Obama is not ready right now to go alone to strike Syria.
Barack Obama is ready now to go all in alone to strike Syria.
Barack Obama is also ready to not go in alone to strike Syria.
Barack - Obama is now ready to go in alone to strike Syria.
He is played, but Fast and the other Furious 7 will go.
He has played, but Fast and Furious, 7 he will go.
He played, all but Fastlane and Furious # 7 will go.
He played, but only if the Fast and Furious 7 will go.
He has played, but the Fast and the Furious 7 will go.
A young woman falsely falsely accused of stealing a car pleaded guilty.
A woman accused of allegedly allegedly illegally stealing a car pleaded guilty.
A woman accused of allegedly illegally stealing a car later pleaded guilty.
A woman accused of of stealing from her a car pleaded guilty.
A woman accused of illegally and stealing a stolen car pleaded guilty.
Charlie Cristal is calling for an end to almost - all the US embargo on Cuba.
Charlie Crist is also currently calling for an end to almost all the US embargo on Cuba.
Charlie Diaz - Charlie Crist is calling for an end to the US trade embargo on Cuba.
Charlie Crist is calling Congress for an official end date to all the US embargo on Cuba.
Charlie Cristal is now calling out for an end to all the US embargo on Cuba.
An FIRI has also been registered, against Giriraj Singh.
An FIR case has been successfully registered against Dr Giriraj Singh.
An FIRI has also been registered against Dr Giriraj Singh.
An official and official FIR has been registered against Giriraj Singh.
An official FIR has not been officially registered against Giriraj Singh.
Greenwood then recaps all his trio of visits.
Greenwood recaps of all his trio of visits.
Greenwood recaps his first trios of visits.
Greenwood recaps his trio series series of visits.
Greenwood then recaps all his trio of visits.
Activists are gathering, calling out for an immediate increase to the minimum wage.
Activists everywhere are now gathering, calling for such an increase to minimum wage.
Activists are gathering, calling out for an increase in to the minimum wage.
Activists everywhere are gathering, calling out for an increase to the minimum wage.
Activists everywhere else are now gathering, calling for an increase to minimum wage.
Everbright Securities Management Corporation continues to struggle.
Everbright Securities continues going on to struggle.
Everbright Securities continues on track to struggle.
Everbright Securities Corporation still continues to struggle.
Everbrights Securities continues on to struggle.
Gary Barlow has also admitted his new single which was inspired partly partly by Johnny Cash.
Gary E Barlow has admitted his first new single which was inspired by singer Johnny Cash.
Gary Barlow himself has admitted that writing for his new single was inspired by Johnny Cash.
Gary E Barlow himself has admitted his new single was heavily inspired by singer Johnny Cash.
Gary Barlow has since also admitted his new hit single which was inspired by Johnny Cash.
A Dayton woman who is facing drug possession charges for following such a traffic stop.
A pregnant Dayton police woman is facing drug charges following at such a traffic stop.
A Dayton police woman who is also facing drug possession charges following a traffic stop.
A Dayton woman who has died is facing drug possession charges following a traffic stop.
A Dayton woman is facing federal federal juvenile drug charges for following a traffic stop.
North Liberty wants to build a new municipal public drinking water plant.
North Liberty wants them to build a major, new water plant.
North Liberty wants them to build up a new drinking water plant.
North Liberty also wants to build up a new drinking water plant.
North Liberty wants to help build a major, new water plant.
Eric Wedge met with the team for the very first time since his retirement having recently suffered a stroke.
Eric Wedgewood met up with the Australian national team for the first time since having suffered a stroke.
Eric Wedgeworth met up with the team leader, for the first time since having suffered a stroke.
Eric Wedge met with Scott, the team leader for the very first time since his having a stroke.
Eric and Wedge met up with joining the baseball team for the very first time since having a stroke.
Arsenal manager, Arsene Wenger will attend an exhibition focusing specifically specifically on the British Jews.
Arsenal manager Arsene - De Wenger will also attend an exhibition focusing on the British Jews.
Arsenal general - manager Arsene - Wenger will attend an art exhibition focusing on British Jews.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger will attend due to an upcoming exhibition focusing specifically on British Jews.
Arsenal manager Arsene - Wenger will also personally attend an exhibition focusing on the British Jews.
Police also say they are also investigating a possible sexual assault.
Police say they are also investigating a possible child sexual assault.
Police say they too are investigating for committing a sexual assault.
Police say they, too are still investigating a sexual assault.
Police say they too are investigating for a possible sexual assault.
Ryan Rossiter is now also heading to Japan.
Ryan Rossiter, is heading back to Japan.
Ryan Rossiter, is heading back to Japan.
Ryan - Rossiter, is heading to Japan.
Ryan - Rossiter is now heading to Japan.
Montoya will not make this his NASCAR return.
Montoya will make this his first NASCAR return.
Montoya will not make it his NASCAR return.
Montoya will also not make his NASCAR return.
Montoya will not yet make his NASCAR return.
Jose Mourinho also made yet a winning return.
Jose Maria Mourinho made a game winning return.
Jose Mourinho also never made a winning return.
Jose Mourinho made not yet a winning return.
Jose Mourinho also never made a winning return.
Energy bills could now drop by just over £ 50.
Energy tax bill bills could drop by over £ 50.
Energy tax bill bills that could drop by £ 50.
Energy tax bills could now also drop by £ 50.
Energy bills could now also drop by over £ 50.
APQC Research has released a new best - in practice research report.
APQC has released yet a brand - new best practice research report.
APQC Research has recently released a new, best practice research report.
APQC has released yet and again a new best practice research report.
APQC Research has released yet a new best practice based research report.
Aam Aadmi Party also did not yet officially rule out candidate Arvind Kejriwal contesting the 2016 Lok Sabha polls.
Aam Aadmi Party did however and did however not rule out Arvind Kumar Kejriwal contesting the Lok Sabha polls.
Aam Aadmi of Congress Party did however not rule out Arvind Kumar of Kejriwal contesting the Lok Sabha polls.
Aammi Lok Aadmi Party also did not rule out candidate Arvind Kejriwal contesting the Lok Lok Sabha polls.
Aam Aadmi Party did not officially rule - out Arvind Kejriwal contesting the 2016 Delhi Lok Lok Sabha polls.
Mamata Banerjee will also also officially begin her mini Writers tour.
Mamata Devi Banerjee will begin 2018 with her mini Writers tour.
Mamata Banerjee, will begin her mini X - Writers tour.
Mamata Devi Banerjee, will begin her mini - Writers tour.
Mamata Banerjee will also begin her own mini - Writers tour.
A Brockton man who is after being arrested on two illegal weapons charges.
A young Brockton man is released after being falsely arrested on weapons charges.
A Brockton man who is after being arrested is on illegal weapons charges.
A Brockton County jail man is after being arrested on illegal weapons charges.
A Brockton County man is after being arrested on two illegal weapons charges.
House Republican leaders ignored how many poor farmers in rural America they passed a farm bill.
House leaders had ignored farmers in the rural America they had passed as a farm bill.
House Republican leaders ignored farmers in rural America they passed as a new state farm bill.
House Republican leaders often ignored farmers in rural North - America they passed a farm bill.
House leaders often ignored farmers and in rural America they passed a large scale farm bill.
Lindsay - Lohan herself has admitted that dating has been quite a distraction in the past.
Lindsay Lohan has admitted dating has always not been a distraction in life in the past.
Lindsay Lohan herself has admitted dating has often been a distraction tactic in in the past.
Lindsay Lohan has also admitted that dating has been a constant distraction in in the past.
Lindsay Lohan has admitted dating has been a constant distraction in her life in the past.
The average water level level recorded in the Ganga came down slightly.
The water - level level in the River Ganga came down slightly.
The water level in the the River Ganga has came down slightly.
The water level in the lower Ganga River came back down slightly.
The water sea - level in the River Ganga came down slightly.
United Way of Sussex is holding free mentoring training and classes in Sussex County.
United States Federal Way is holding free youth mentor training and classes in Sussex County.
United States Federal United Way is holding free mentor training classes in East Sussex County.
United Way Sussex is also holding free youth mentor training classes annually in Sussex County.
United Federal Way is also currently also holding free mentor training classes in Sussex County.
A woman has recently died, after her mobility scooter collided violently together with a car.
A young woman who has died died after her personal mobility scooter collided with a car.
A young woman has recently died after when her mobility scooter accidentally collided with a car.
A woman who herself has died after her mobility impaired scooter collided violently with a car.
A woman who has died after death when her mobility scooter collided with in a car.
Karnataka government would set - up a natural calamities and disaster relief trust fund, Siddaramaiah said.
Karnataka state government would set up as a natural - disaster calamities relief fund, Siddaramaiah said.
Karnataka government would have set up a natural calamities disaster relief trust fund, Mr Siddaramaiah said.
Karnataka government would set up a natural calamities disaster relief fund trust fund, Mr Siddaramaiah said.
Karnataka government would set - up up a natural gas calamities disaster relief fund, Siddaramaiah said.
Samantha Peszek has also announced that she will not return to the UCLA team in 2015.
Samantha Peszek announced that she and herself will return together to the UCLA team in 2015.
Samantha Peszek has also announced she herself will return to coach the UCLA team in 2015.
Samantha Peszek announced she herself will return to coach the UCLA basketball basketball team in 2015.
Samantha Van Peszek has announced she will return to the senior UCLA basketball team in 2015.
The Seattle Mariners organization will later also induct Lou Piniella.
The 2017 expansion Seattle Mariners will induct pitcher Lou Piniella.
The expansion Seattle Mariners will also induct pitcher Lou Piniella.
The Seattle Mariners will also not officially induct Lou Piniella.
The Seattle - Mariners Mariners will induct pitcher Lou Piniella.
Shazahn Padamsee unveiled Madame's JOEI to help spread awareness about all the deadly breast cancer.
Shazahn Padamsee unveiled the Madame's JOEI to help spread public awareness worldwide about breast cancer.
Shazahn Padamsee unveiled Madame's JOEI to spread public health awareness worldwide awareness about breast cancer.
Shazahn Padamseer unveiled the Madame's JOEI campaign to spread public awareness about breast cancer.
Shazahna Padamseer unveiled Madame's magazine, JOEI to spread awareness about breast cancer.
The Timberwolves say Rick and Adelman will not even miss Monday night's game.
The Timberwolves will also say Rick Adelmant will miss Monday night's game.
The Timberwolves say Rick Adelman will miss the Monday - Friday night's game.
The Timberwolves say Rick and Rick Adelman will not miss Monday night's game.
The Minnesota Timberwolves say Rick and Adelman will miss the Monday night's game.
A Louisville man was nearly killed when suddenly a tree fell.
A young Louisville man who was killed a nearby tree fell.
A young black Louisville man who was killed a tree fell.
A Louisville man nearby was also killed when a tree fell.
A Louisville city police man was also killed a tree fell.
Magazine front - cover covers are an honour of sorts.
Magazine covers also are considered an honorary honour of sorts.
Magazine cover covers are an honourable title of sorts.
Magazine covers here also are an honourarium of sorts.
Magazine cover covers, are an annual honour of sorts.
More than 5, 000 people live in Dundee who live in streets where there really is too - much noise.
More than 5, 000 people in Dundee, who often live in the streets when there is too much noise.
More than a 5, 000 homeless people in south central Dundee live in streets there which is too much noise.
More than 5, 000 homeless people in North West Dundee live in streets there which is too - much noise.
More than 5, 000 people living in Greater Dundee now live in streets there which is just too much noise.
Davide Ortiz has signed to a deal with Samsung.
David Ortiz, also has a sponsorship deal with Samsung.
David Ortiz has a deal signed - up with Samsung.
David Ortiz has signed a new sponsorship deal with Samsung.
David Ortiz has signed a deal signed up with Samsung.
Minecraft also has announced an date for releasing the PlayStation 3.
Minecraft has an release date for only for the PlayStation 3.
Minecraft has an exclusive date - set for the PlayStation 3.
Minecraft has an unknown date for releasing on the PlayStation 3.
Minecraft also has an date set for the upcoming PlayStation 3.
UN chemical - weapons weapons inspectors left Damascus.
UN chemical weapons inspectors also reportedly left Damascus.
UN chemical weapons and weapons inspectors left Damascus.
UN and Syrian chemical weapons inspectors left Damascus.
UN and chemical weapons weapons inspectors left Damascus.
Elizabeth Ann Marie Olsen is engaged to marry her boyfriend Boyd Holbrook.
Elizabeth Olsen is engaged, to marry her boyfriend, Boyd Holbrook.
Elizabeth Ann Olsen is engaged again to marry her boyfriend Boyd Holbrook.
Elizabeth Ann Olsen, is engaged to her former boyfriend Boyd Holbrook.
Elizabeth Ann Marie Olsen, is engaged to her boyfriend Boyd Holbrook.
The First Christian Church will host thousands to such a blood drive.
The First Christian Church will also host a large annual blood drive.
The local First Christian Church will also also host a blood drive.
The local First Christian Church will also also host a blood drive.
The local First Baptist Christian Church will also host a blood drive.
Storm also has played spoilsport for Kristen Bell.
Storm played spoilsport agent for actress Kristen Bell.
Storm played a spoilsport role for Kristen Bell.
Storm played spoilsporter for actress Kristen Bell.
Storm played a spoilsporter for Kristen Bell.
Mayor, Mayor Rob Ford told NBC's Today show he had experimented heavily with various illegal drugs.
Mayor Robb Ford told on NBC's The Today show he had also experimented with illegal drugs.
Mayor Rob Ford later told NBC's and USA Today morning show he had experimented with illegal drugs.
Mayor Rob Ford told NBC's Today the morning show he had allegedly also experimented with illegal drugs.
Mayor, Rob Ford, told NBC's Today show he also allegedly had experimented with illegal drugs.
Nelson Mandela himself has been recently being discharged from the hospital.
Nelson Mandela has also been recently discharged from inside the hospital.
Nelson Nelson Mandela has been successfully discharged from inside the hospital.
Nelson Nelson Mandela has been discharged almost immediately from the hospital.
Nelson Mandela himself has been discharged from inside of the hospital.
Olympic swimmer, Michael Michael Phelps Phelps is coming out of retirement.
Olympic swimmer, Michael Phelps is now coming up out of retirement.
Olympic swimmer, American Michael Phelps, is coming out of retirement.
Olympic freestyle swimmer Michael Phelps is now coming out out of retirement.
Olympic swimmer, Michael Phelps, is now coming out of retirement.
Most of all the power brokerages had bet big on BJP.
Most of all them all the brokerages bet big on BJP.
Most senior members of the brokerages bet big money on BJP.
Most of all the brokerages bet big moneys on BJP.
Most of the power brokerages bet their big money on BJP.
Laura May Robson will miss the 2018 French Junior Open and Wimbledon.
Laura Robson will miss the 2018 French Junior Open, and Wimbledon.
Laura May Robson will also miss the French Junior Open and Wimbledon.
Laura May Robson, will miss both the French Open and Wimbledon.
Laura May Robson will miss both the French Open, and Wimbledon.
Three other former former Penn - State State University officials are set to appear in court.
Three other former - Penn State University officials are also not set to appear in court.
Three former Penn - State State University officials are set to appear together again in court.
Three former - Penn State State University officials are set to at first appear in court.
Three former Penn State University athletic officials are set to first appear together again in court.
Arsenal Ladies FC defender, Thomas Vermaelen has insisted that he is not happy to stay.
Arsenal FC defender, Thomas van Vermaelen has insisted he is not too happy to stay.
Arsenal FC defender Thomas van Vermaelen has insisted that he too is happy enough to stay.
Arsenal FC'defender Thomas van der Vermaelen has insisted he too is happy to stay.
Arsenal FC defender, Thomas Vermaelen has insisted he, too is happy enough to stay.
The United Way reached out to achieve its campaign goal.
The American United Way reached to its original campaign goal.
The National United Way reached its first major campaign goal.
The name United United Way reached to its campaign goal.
The United States Way reached its very first campaign goal.
Brent crude fell below US US $ $ $ 107.
Brent crude fell below US $ US $ $ 107.
Brent crude oil prices fell below about US $ 107.
Brentwood crude fell below US $ $ $ 107.
Brent crude oil oil prices fell below US $ 107.
Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell, McDonnell and later his second wife pleaded not - guilty to federal charges.
Former West - Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell and later his second wife pleaded not - guilty to federal charges.
Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell and later his former second wife pleaded not pleaded - guilty to federal charges.
Former Virginia State Gov. Bob McDonnell and his wife also pleaded pleading guilty not guilty to all federal charges.
Former West Virginia Gov. Bobbick McDonnell and his second wife pleaded not guilty to all federal charges.
Foreign investors regained control ahead of completing the equities transaction.
Foreign investors may have already regained control of equities transaction.
Foreign investors regained the full control rights of equities transaction.
Foreign investors regained the full control of the equities transaction.
Foreign equity investors may have regained control of equities transaction.
Kelly brook is engaged again to the gladiators of david mcintosh.
Kelly brook is engaged in tot gladiators with david mcintosh.
Kelly brook is engaged in a competition to gladiators david mcintosh.
Kelly brook is also often engaged in to gladiators david mcintosh.
Kelly the brook is once engaged again to gladiators david mcintosh.
Uganda Tree Day has launched with a nationwide tree planting exercise.
Uganda has launched a new major nationwide tree - planting exercise.
Uganda Government has launched with it a nationwide tree planting exercise.
Uganda has launched a major, nationwide, tree planting exercise.
Uganda has also launched a nationwide national tree tree planting exercise.
Filmmaking director Michael Bay has been injured in the planning for an attack in Hong Kong.
Film director Michael Bay has reportedly also reportedly been injured in an assassination attack in Hong Kong.
Filmmaking director Michael Bay has also reportedly been injured in planning an attack in Hong Kong.
Film director, Michael Bayley, has been injured recently in an attack in Hong Kong.
Film director, Michael James Bay has been injured twice in an assassination attack in Hong Kong.
Bill Gates himself has regained the top spot as the new, world's second richest person.
Bill Henry Gates, himself has regained the top spot as the world's second richest person.
Bill Gates has regained the world top five spot as well being the world's richest person.
Bill Gates has regained the former world top spot, as is the world's richest person.
Bill Gates has regained the top five spot as the then current, world's richest person.
Ashwani Kumar has been appointed as the prime minister's own special special special envoy, with a Cabinet rank.
Ashwani Kumar has been appointed as both as the prime minister's deputy special special envoy and with Cabinet rank.
Ashwani Kumari, has been appointed as the prime - minister's special envoy, with a Cabinet rank.
Ashwani Raj Kumar has also been appointed as as the deputy prime - minister's special envoy with Cabinet rank.
Ashwani Rajendra Kumar has been recently appointed as the prime - minister's personal special envoy with Cabinet rank.
Crimea itself was also badly hit by partial power outages.
Crimea was hit by two more consecutive partial power outages.
Crimea was hit by two partial - electric power outages.
Crimea was hit by several partial electrical and power outages.
Crimea was hit hard by two partial electric power outages.
Bail for George and Miss Zimmerman was set aside at $ 9, 000.
Bail for Judge George Zimmerman was also set aside at $ 9, 000.
Bail money for the defendant George Zimmerman was set at $ 9, 000.
Bail for George Zimmerman III was also set aside at $ 9, 000.
Bail price for Judge George William Zimmerman was set at $ 9, 000.
The three other Williamsville high schools have scheduled their annual open houses.
The three Williamsville high - schools have regularly scheduled annual open houses.
The three other Williamsville high - school schools have scheduled open houses.
The three Williamsville public junior high schools also have scheduled open houses.
The three other Williamsville high high - schools have scheduled open houses.
Tommies Brokaw introduced Errol Morris'documentary series on Donald Rumsfeld.
Tom Brokaw introduced Errol Morris'documentary series on Vice President Donald Rumsfeld.
Tom Brokaw also introduced director Errol Morris'documentary on President Donald Rumsfeld.
Tom Brokaw also introduced to Errol Morriss'documentary on Donald Rumsfeld.
Tom Brokaw introduced Errolph Morris'documentary on President, Donald Rumsfeld.
The ringgit opened, lower against the US dollar, in early trade.
The ringgit opened itself up lower against half the dollar in early trade.
The ringgit had opened up lower against the dollar price in early trade.
The ringgit opened lower prices against about half the dollar in early trade.
The Chinese ringgit opened up lower against the US dollar in early trade.
European shares rose very rapidly in early trading.
European exchange shares prices rose in early trading.
European exchange shares rose in the early trading.
European shares prices rose rapidly in early trading.
European exchange shares rose significantly in early trading.
Work also continues early on on the New Jersey circuit.
Work also currently and continues on the New Jersey circuit.
Work continues even today on improving the New Jersey circuit.
Work continues on the entire New - South Jersey circuit.
Work continues even today on the Northern New Jersey circuit.
The Chinese currency ringgit opened slightly higher against the US US dollar.
The new ringgit opened slightly higher against the current US US dollar.
The ringgit opened up slightly, higher against half the US dollar.
The ringgit opened slightly, slightly higher against half the US dollar.
The Chinese ringgit was opened up slightly higher against the US dollar.
The nearby Ambongdolan caves off limits, both to tourists and visitors.
The Ambongdolan are natural caves, off limits to tourists and visitors.
The Ambongdolan caves are off - limits to tourists, and visitors.
The nearby Ambongdolan caves off - limits to both tourists and visitors.
The nearby Ambongdolan is caves off - limits to tourists and visitors.
Bulgaria withdrew a foreign loan smaller than than what it originally had planned.
Bulgaria also voluntarily withdrew a foreign loan smaller than than it had planned.
Bulgaria also withdrew a foreign loan smaller than what initially it had planned.
Bulgaria also withdrew on receiving a foreign loan smaller than it had planned.
Bulgaria withdrew interest on a large foreign loan smaller than it had planned.
The rapid opening of casinos nationwide was associated significantly with increases and decreased risk for overweight or obesity among children.
The rapid opening of new casinos there was an associated and decreased risk for being overweight or obesity among children.
The opening of casinos was also associated both with increased and decreased the risk for overweight or obesity among children.
The opening of casinos there, was associated and a significantly decreased risk for overweight or childhood obesity among children.
The opening up of new casinos was associated and significantly, decreased risk for overweight or obesity, among children.
It is better in helping the public interest - group of the democracy to not talk any less of the Aam Aadmi Party leader.
It is better in the best interest of the social - democracy Muslim community to talk less of the late Aam Aadmi Party leader.
It is better in the interest of the strengthening power of the democracy to talk less of being the Aamul Aadmi Party leader.
It is better in the interest of the democracy to not talk less of being the late late late late Aam Aadmi Party leader.
It also is better in the interest of the democracy to not talk to the less confidence of the Aam Aadmi Party Party leader.
Kymie Lomas is battling to help save for her marriage.
Kym Lomaskya is battling to save for her marriage.
Kym Lomas is still battling to save for in her marriage.
Kym Lomasi is battling to help her save her marriage.
Kym Lomas is still battling hard to save for her marriage.
Alitalia risks her being permanently grounded by Saturday.
Alitalia Airlines also risks being grounded by Saturday.
Alitalia also risks her being grounded by Saturday.
Alitalia risks her being grounded again by Saturday.
Alitalia also risks being permanently grounded by Saturday.
Cloud business, intelligence and predictive analytics will go more mainstream, starting in 2014.
Cloud business - intelligence, and predictive data analytics will go mainstream starting in 2014.
Cloud based business business - intelligence and predictive data analytics will go mainstream in 2014.
Cloud based, business intelligence and predictive analytics will also go more mainstream in 2014.
Cloud, business - intelligence, and predictive analytics will go more mainstream in 2014.
Tottenham would have joined, Arsenal, and Liverpool in winning the race to sign Arda Turan.
Tottenham have joined both Arsenal and Liverpool in the race, both hoping to sign Arda Turan.
Tottenham fans have joined, Arsenal and Liverpool are in the race to sign midfielder Arda Turan.
Tottenham fans have joined Arsenal and Liverpool in the long race to and eventually sign Arda Turan.
Tottenham have joined Arsenal and have joined Liverpool in winning the race to eventually sign Arda Turan.
Shanghai Government Office has drafted a new tax rule to regulate group renting.
Shanghai has drafted a new major new rule designed to regulate group renting.
Shanghai University has drafted a new rulebook designed to regulate group renting.
Shanghai has drafted yet a major new rule to better regulate group renting.
Shanghai has also drafted up a major new rule to regulate group renting.
A Wichita man has been most recently sentenced for illegal electronic solicitation.
A Wichita young black man has been recently sentenced for electronic solicitation.
A Wichita man has been recently sentenced for illegal illegal electronic solicitation.
A young Wichita man has been sentenced twice, for electronic solicitation.
A Wichita young black man who has been sentenced for electronic solicitation.
The Real Real Housewives Tour of Southern New Jersey will be cancelled.
The show Real Housewives of New Jersey will also also be cancelled.
The show The Real Real Housewives of New Jersey will be cancelled.
The Real Housewives Tour of Southern New Jersey, will be cancelled.
The Real Housewives of Central New South Jersey will also be cancelled.
Malaysia, and the Philippines agreed only once on the peaceful settlement of disputes arising in the South of China Sea.
Malaysia and then the Philippines agreed only on the peaceful bilateral settlement of territorial disputes in reaching the South China Sea.
Malaysia and then the Philippines agreed on the peaceful settlement of territorial disputes arising in the South and East China Sea.
Malaysia and the Philippines agreed on only the peaceful settlement process of disputes in areas reaching the South of China Sea.
Malaysia and the Philippines agreed on the peaceful international maritime settlement of disputes arising from elsewhere in the South China Sea.
The balance of the planet earth could be put forever in jeopardy.
The balances of the earth could be put forever in jeopardy.
The balance of almost the entire planet earth could be in jeopardy.
The balance of almost all the earth could be put in jeopardy.
The balance of the earth itself could be put forever in jeopardy.
The Hun School has received annually a $ $ 1 500, 000 matching and challenge gift.
The Hunley Area School District has received a US $ 500, 000 matching challenge gift.
The Hunley High High School has received a $ 500, 000 matching and challenge gift.
The Hunley High School has received over a $ 500, 000 annual matching challenge gift.
The Hun School has received, both a $ 500, 000 bond matching and challenge gift.
Kristen Stewart decided to don't skip the 2008 Teen Choice Awards.
Kristen Stewart decided not to completely skip the Teens Choice Awards.
Kristen - Stewart decided to not skip to the Teen Choice Awards.
Kristen Stewart had then decided to skip to the Teen Choice Awards.
Kristen Stewart then decided to skip the Teens'Choice Awards.
A prominent Bahraini activist has also been indefinitely barred from a flight to visit the kingdom.
A Bahraini female peace activist has been indefinitely barred from a flight back to the kingdom.
A Bahraini activist has been barred from a flight or visa to visit to the kingdom.
A prominent Bahraini activist who has also been barred from a flight back to the kingdom.
A Bahraini activist who has been barred almost indefinitely from a flight to visit the kingdom.
Mikaela Shiffrin defended it, and retained her World Team Cup title.
Mikaela Lee Shiffrin successfully defended it and retained her World Cup title.
Mikaela Shiffrin successfully successfully defended and retained her first World Cup title.
Mikaela Shiffrin defended and successfully retained her first WTA World Cup title.
Mikaela Shiffrin defended it and successfully retained her World Team Cup title.
The final military retrenchment planner was released.
The planned final military retrenchment plan was released.
The final military retrenchment management plan was released.
The final retrenchment management plan document was released.
The final retrenchment management plan document was released.
Sundance TV Channel launches in the Latin America.
Sundance TV Channel launches in the Latin America.
Sundance TV Channel launches in the Latin America.
Sundance Channel launches its programs in Latin America.
Sundance TV Channel launches programs in Latin America.
A bicyclist was struck by, possibly a school bus driver, in the Bala Cynwyd section.
A bicyclist who was also struck by driving a school - bus in the Bala Cynwyd section.
A young bicyclist was accidentally struck by driving a school bus in the nearby Bala Cynwyd section.
A bicyclist was struck by driving a school - bus in on the Bala - Cynwyd section.
A bicyclist student was struck by a school bus driver in leaving the Bala - Cynwyd section.
The Toronto Blue Jays cut recently acquired outfielder, and prospect Matt Tuiasosopo.
The Toronto Blue Jays cut recently re - acquired outfielder, Matt Tuiasosopo.
The Toronto Blue Jays cut recently - - acquired outfielder, Matt Tuiasosopo.
The Toronto Junior Blue Jays cut recently - acquired outfielder, Matt Tuiasosopo.
The Toronto Junior Blue Jays also cut recently - acquired outfielder Matt Tuiasosopo.
The Canadian NDP have just turned all their backs on the Northerners, said David Orazietti.
The Canadian NDP have not yet turned their backs entirely on Northerners, said David Orazietti.
The Canadian NDP have always turned all their backs on Northerners, " said David Orazietti.
The NDP have almost always turned all of their backs on Northerners, said David Orazietti.
The NDP have turned their political backs on on Northerners, said Senator Sir David Orazietti.
Tributes have been also paid to comedian, and comedian Mel Smith.
Tributes have been also paid annually to the comedian, Mel Smith.
Tributes also have been paid to the famous comedian, Mel Smith.
Tributes have also also been recently paid to comedian, Mel Smith.
Tributes have been also paid to comedian, comedian and Mel Smith.
Two firefighters were reported injured shortly after an apparent early morning fire.
Two firefighters were also later reported injured after an early morning fire.
Two firefighters also, were injured shortly after an early morning fire.
Two firefighters were reported injured shortly after an early - morning fire.
Two other local firefighters also were injured after an early morning fire.
Cristiano Ronaldo has spoken very highly of his delights aimed at making a goalscoring return.
Cristiano and Ronaldo, himself has spoken of his great delight at making a goalscoring return.
Cristiano and Ronaldo has also spoken out of his delight at making such a goalscoring return.
Cristiano and Ronaldo has spoken of his great delights at making such a goalscoring return.
Cristiano Ronaldo himself has spoken highly of his delight at making a good career goalscoring return.
John F Kerry has also said Russia has not been creating pretext to invade further.
John Kerry has said that Russia has been creating a pretext to not invade further.
John F Kerry said that Russia " has been creating pretext to not invade further.
John F Kerry said Russia "... has been creating pretext to not invade further.
John F Kerry has said Russia " has been creating pretexts to invade further.
The National Bank has long since cited no grounds whatsoever for hryvnia devaluation.
The Ukrainian National Bank has cited no grounds whatsoever for the hryvnia devaluation.
The Czech National Development Bank has also cited no grounds for hryvnia devaluation.
The Czech National Bank report has also cited no grounds for hryvnia devaluation.
The Czech First National Bank website has cited no grounds for hryvnia devaluation.
Jay Cutler had always felt under pressure.
Jay and Cutler felt it under pressure.
Jay Cutler had felt himself under pressure.
Jay Cutler felt like himself under pressure.
Jay Cutler had always felt under pressure.
Mohamed ElBaradei has today also publicly condemned the allegedly excessive use of force in Egypt.
Mohamed Abd Ali ElBaradei has today condemned the excessive use of of force in Egypt.
Mohamed Ali Mohamed ElBaradei today condemned Israel for the excessive use of force in Egypt.
Mohamed ElBaradei today condemned the excessively heavy military use of force used in Egypt.
Mohamed Ali ElBaradei, today has condemned the allegedly excessive use of force in Egypt.
Warner Bros. announced Holly and Billy the Hunter, and Callan Mulvey are joining Zack Snyder's upcoming Batman vs Superman movie.
Warner Bros. has also announced Holly Hunter, Callan Mulvey are joining Zack and Scott Snyder's upcoming Batman vs Superman movie.
Warner Bros. announced Holly the Hunter, Callan Mulvey, are also joining in Zack Snyder's Batman vs. Superman movie.
Warner Bros. announced Holly Hunter, and Callan Mulvey are joining Zack Snyder's upcoming new Batman vs.. Superman movie.
Warners Bros. announced Holly Hunter, and Callan - Mulvey are also joining Zack Snyder's upcoming Batman vs Superman movie.
Jeff Duncan has not filed for a re - election.
Jeffery Duncan has not filed for re - election.
Jeff Duncan also has filed for Democratic re - election.
Jeff Duncan also has not filed for re - election.
Jeffery Duncan has filed for Democratic re - election.
Daimler is not looking likely to officially take its partnership line up with Aston Martin.
Daimler is not looking likely to take up its own partnership with the Aston Martin.
Daimler is not currently looking to fully take up of its partnership with Aston Martin.
Daimler is also currently not looking to fully take up its partnership with Aston Martin.
Daimler AG is not looking likely yet to take up its partnership with Aston Martin.
Fitch and Daily Ratings cut down Alcoa to junk status.
Fitch Ratings cut Alcoa back back to full junk status.
Fitch Ratings cut down from Alcoa status to junk status.
Fitch Ratings has also cut Alcoa to virtual junk status.
Fitch Daily - Ratings cut down Alcoa to junk status.
Barack Obama also once personally shakes hands with Cuban President Raul Castro.
Barack Obama Obama shakes his hands with Cuban Vice President Raul Castro.
Barack Obama also shakes hands once again with Cuban President Raul Castro.
Barack Obama Obama shakes hands with Cuban Vice President, Raul Castro.
Barack Obama shakes his hands with the Cuban President, Raul Castro.
PetFirst announces the latest top - five claims list for 2013.
PetFirst announces that the latest are top five claims for 2013.
PetFirst also announces the latest three top five claims for 2013.
PetFirst also announces the top five sales and claims for 2013.
PetFirst announces all the top - five sales claims for 2013.
Jackman will later also return to help host the Tony Awards.
Jackman Park will return home to help host the Tony Awards.
Jackman will also return home to host the 2018 Tony Awards.
Jackman Park will return to be host of the Tony Awards.
Jackman will return at home, to host the Tony Awards.
Fruits of the Loom Company will close in the company's Jamestown, Ky.
Fruits of the Great Golden Loom will close the company's Jamestown, Ky.
Fruits of the Loom will close at the company's headquarters Jamestown, Ky.
Fruit of the South Ohio Loom Company will close the company's Jamestown, Ky.
Fruits of the Loom will close in the oil company's Jamestown, Ky.
A body has been found at on to a nearby West Coast beach.
A humanoid body bag has been found at a West Coast beach.
A body has been found dead, at a nearby West Coast beach.
A body bag has been found at a South West Gulf Coast beach.
A body has been found dead at on a West - Coast beach.
The organist, who entertained with them during the College Baseball World Series has died.
The most famous American organist who entertained during the College World Series, has died.
The school'organist, who entertained them during the College World Series has died.
The organist who had been entertained during the 2007 Junior College World Series has died.
The organist, who entertained during the College World Series - Series games has died.
About 840 Toledo Edison customers in nearby the Upper Ottawa Hills lost power shortly after noon when a tree branch fell off on wires.
About 84 Toledo Consolidated Edison customers in Ottawa Hills lost power shortly after noon a tree or branch fell that fell upside down on wires.
About 84 Toledo Edison customers in Ottawa and Hills had lost power shortly after about 12 noon a large tree or branch fell on wires.
About 84 Toledo Edison customers in Ottawa and Hills had lost power shortly, after after noon a large tree branch had fell on wires.
About 84 Toledo Edison customers operating in the Ottawa Hills lost power when shortly just after noon a tree branch suddenly fell off on wires.
Your own zithromax elevates your own blood pressure out.
Your zithromax elevate your own blood blood - pressure out.
Your zithromax will elevate all your blood - pressure out.
Your own zithromax also elevates your blood pressure out.
Your zithromax will elevate your blood blood - pressure out.
The new managership of the Pepsi Center in downtown Denver are installing new permanent magnetic metal detectors to boost security.
The managers of the Pepsi Center in downtown Denver are installing new permanent detector metal detectors, to help boost security.
The former managers of both of the former Pepsi Center in Denver are installing new permanent metal detectors to boost security.
The managers of both the Pepsi Energy Center in Denver are considering also installing permanent magnetic metal detectors to boost security.
The managers of the new Pepsi Energy Center located in Denver, are also installing permanent metal detectors to boost security.
Vattenfall has submitted tentative plans for a £ 190m offshore offshore wind farm.
Vattenfall has submitted plans calling for building a £ 190m offshore wind farm.
Vattenfall has submitted plans calling for a brand new £ 190m wind farm.
Vattenfall has submitted plans calling for building a £. 190m wind farm.
Vattenfall has submitted plans for a brand new, £ 190m wind farm.
Currency, notes not issued before 2005, should be withdrawn.
Currency bank notes issued sometime before 2005 should not be withdrawn.
Currency notes issued before January, 2005, should be withdrawn.
Currency notes not issued before 2005, should not be withdrawn.
Currency notes not issued before 2005, should not be withdrawn.
Women voters also are much less likely to approve and participate actively in political corruption.
Women are less likely not to approve voting and participate actively involved in political corruption.
Women also are less likely to approve and to participate more actively in political corruption.
Women are less likely to both fully approve and actively participate actively in political corruption.
Women are also less likely not to approve of and actively participate in political corruption.
Two bombs, were exploded at a hotel in Sagaing, Burma but again no injuries were reported.
Two car bombs exploded simultaneously at a nearby luxury hotel in Sagaing, but no injuries were reported.
Two bombs exploded at least a major hotel building in Sagaing, but no injuries reported were reported.
Two car bombs exploded at a hotel building in Sagaing, but with no injuries reported were reported.
Two bombs were exploded simultaneously at a luxury hotel in Sagaing, but no serious injuries were reported.
The last day to register people wishing to vote online, is Monday, Oct. 7.
The official last voting day required to register to vote is on Monday, Oct. 7.
The last voting day to register to the vote day is Monday, 1 Oct. 7.
The last official voting day to officially register people to vote is Monday, Oct. 7.
The last day to register people registered to vote is on Monday, 1 Oct. 7.
Oil prices have been edged even lower in Asian trade.
Oil price prices edged even lower in the Asian trade.
Oil price prices have edged even lower in Asian trade.
Oil price prices have edged even lower in Asian trade.
Oil prices have edged lower profit margins in Asian trade.
Fashion week itself really is horrible.
Fashion the week itself is horrible.
Fashion this past week is horrible.
Fashion week itself really is horrible.
Fashion week itself really is horrible.
VAIL, Michael Scott - Michael Carpenter is recovering from a stroke.
VAIL, as Scott Carpenter, is recovering slightly from a stroke.
VAIL, Scott - Carpenter is still recovering slightly from a stroke.
VAIL, Scotty Carpenter, is recovering from having a stroke.
VAIL, Scott Carpenter, is recovering slightly recovering from a stroke.
They also are investigating for committing an alleged assault at a school.
They are investigating an alleged alleged assault at such small a school.
They are investigating an alleged alleged alleged sexual assault at a school.
They reportedly, are also investigating an alleged assault at a school.
They are also investigating an alleged assault at such small a school.
Lee Chong Weiwei was produced to regain the All England Seniors Open title.
Lee Chong Wei produced to regaining himself and the All - England Open title.
Lee Chong Wei was produced to successfully regain the vacant All - England Open title.
Lee Chong Wei produced to regaining control of the vacant All England Open title.
Lee Chong Wei produced to successfully regain the vacant 1969 British All England Open title.
Education is also playing an increasingly important role.
Education policy is playing an increasingly important role.
Education is also also playing an important role.
Education is playing an increasingly more important role.
Education policy is also playing an important role.
Women should probably also not just lose themselves in marriage.
Women should not just lose everything themselves, in marriage.
Women themselves also should not simply lose themselves in marriage.
Women should not just lose everything themselves have in marriage.
Women certainly should not lose almost everything themselves in marriage.
Milderly traffic - rush will continue.
Milderly the traffic rush will continue.
Milderly traffic rush hours will continue.
Milderly traffic rush hours will continue.
Milderly traffic - rush will continue.
World Bank, has invested $ 180m USD for Post Basic Secondary School Education projects.
World Bank India has invested USM $ 180m for Post - Basic Education projects.
World Bank, has invested $ $ 180m USD for Post Basic Secondary Education projects.
World Developmental Bank has invested $ 180m for Post - Secondary Basic Education projects.
World Development Bank has invested just over US $ 180m for Post Basic Education projects.
The Kansas City State University Fighting Wildcats host the financially struggling Texas Christian Horned Frogs night.
The new Kansas State Wildcats'host is the struggling Texas - Christian Horned Frogs night.
The Kansas City Kansas State Wildcats host the struggling West Texas - Christian Horned Frogs night.
The Kansas State Wildcats host the financially struggling Texas Christian University " The Horned Frogs night.
The Kansas City State Christian University Wildcats host the struggling Texas Christian Horned - Frogs night.
The Daley Plaza farmers market also had its own local version, that of Iron Chef.
The Daley Plaza farmers'market had its very own version, of the Iron Chef.
The very nearby Daley Plaza farmers market had its very own own version of Iron Chef.
The Daley - Plaza farmers'market had its very own version, of Iron Chef.
The Daley Plaza Park neighborhood farmers market had produced its own version, of Iron Chef.
Al Jazeera English has also been launched in New Zealand.
Al Jazeera English has launched editions only in New Zealand.
Al Al - Jazeera has launched coverage in New Zealand.
Al Jazeera has launched coverage in the entire New Zealand.
Al Jazeera English TV has been launched in New Zealand.
A Orlando rapper was later convicted guilty of two separate armed bank robberies.
A Orlando rapper, who was later convicted of two armed bank robberies.
A Orlando based rapper who was convicted of two armed robbery bank robberies.
A Orlando rapper was convicted of two separate armed robbery and bank robberies.
A Orlando rapper, was convicted guilty of the two armed bank robberies.
A homeless homeless man was later found one dead afternoon in Phoenixville.
A homeless man was found and shot dead that afternoon in Phoenixville.
A homeless homeless man was later found one dead afternoon in Phoenixville.
A former homeless homeless man who was found dead afternoon in Phoenixville.
A homeless homeless man was found one dead afternoon morning in Phoenixville.
69 %, percent of new employers expect to make more permanent job offers over the next next twenty three months.
69 % of employers expect to also make many more permanent job offers left over in the next next three months.
69 %, of employers, expect employees to make more permanent job offers over time in the next three months.
695 %, of employers expect to make many more permanent job offers over the next the next three months.
69 % of employers expect employees to make more than permanent job offers over the next the entire next three months.
Saints got them right back to winning ways.
Saints got back around to their winning ways.
Saints got back around halfway to winning ways.
Saints got right back to their winning ways.
Saints had got back around to winning ways.
A Jersey - City man who was shot twice in his stomach, the police said.
A Jersey - Jersey City maniac was found shot in his stomach, police said.
A very young, Jersey City man was also shot in his stomach, police said.
A Jersey City area homeless man who was found shot in his stomach, police said.
A young Jersey City man was shot in one to his stomach, the police said.
A Charleston teenager was also reportedly shot at and killed.
A young Charlestonian American teenager was shot and killed.
A Charleston teenager was reportedly also shot at and killed.
A very young Charleston teenager was shot at and killed.
A young Charleston teenager, he was shot and killed.
Aquino III III has taken charge of all the relief operations.
Aquino has taken charge of the national emergency disaster relief operations.
Aquino III has taken full charge of all the relief operations.
Aquino has taken full charge personally as of the relief operations.
Aquino III has also taken over charge of the relief operations.
Questcor has since been acquired for US $ 5. 5 6 billion.
Questcor has been acquired outright outright for US $ 5. 6 billion.
Questcor has since been acquired for US $ $ 5. 6 billion.
Questcor has long since been acquired for $ $ 5. 6 billion.
Questcor has been acquired outright for $ US $ 5. 6 billion.
Coffee milk intake was also associated with children having a lower risk of death, specifically, for non - viral cirrhosis.
Coffee intake was associated with a lower risk factor of death, and more specifically, for severe non - viral cirrhosis.
Coffee intake was associated also significantly with having a lower risk of cell death, more specifically for non - viral cirrhosis.
Coffee intake reduction was associated with a lower overall risk of death, more specifically for severe non - fatal viral cirrhosis.
Coffee intake was associated with a lower overall risk - factor risk of death, specifically for severe non - viral cirrhosis.
Power has since then been restored back to Ocracoke Island.
Powerhouse has been restored, back to Ocracoke Island.
Power supply has been restored to power the Ocracoke Island.
Power has been most recently restored to the Ocracoke Island.
Powered water has been recently restored to Ocracoke Island.
Arshad Khan Warsi recalled the Lage Raho of Munnar Bhai days.
Arshad Khan of the Warsi recalled the Lage Raho Munna Bhai days.
Arshad Warsi also recalled that the Lage of Raho Munna Bhai days.
Arshad Khan Warsi recalled the famous Lage Raho Munnar Bhai days.
Arshad Warsi recalled seeing the Lage Raho in the Munna Bhai days.
A Oscar Pistorius refused to look at a gruesome family photo, of only his most recently slain girlfriend's bloodied head.
A furious Oscar Pistorius refused even to look at a gruesome photo taken of only his recently slain girlfriend's bloodied head.
A Oscar Pistorius refused to even look at even having taken a gruesome photo of his recently slain girlfriend's bloodied head.
A Oscar Pistorius refused even once to look back up at such a gruesome photo of his slain girlfriend's bloodied head.
A Oscar Pistorius who had refused even to look at such a gruesome old photo of his slain girlfriend's bloodied head.
NINA Persson releases only her eponymous debut album.
NINA Persson releases only her solo debut album.
NINA Persson releases only on her debut album.
NINA Persson releases her own eponymous debut album.
NINA - Persson also releases her debut album.
New - Delhi, 28 July Chief Subrata Roy Singh was arrested in Lucknow.
New Delhi, 28 Chief Minister Subrata Chandra Roy, was arrested in Lucknow.
New Delhi - Delhi, 28 Chief Subrata Roy was also arrested in Lucknow.
New Delhi, 28 Chief Subrata Chandra Roy was arrested, while in Lucknow.
New Delhi, 28 July Chief Subrata Roy, was arrested while in Lucknow.
SCBT International Financial Corp. Director, Alton Clarence - Phillips acquired 1, 000 shares of SCBT International Financial Services Corp. stock.
SCBT Financial Corp. Director, Alton Clarence Phillips acquired 1, 000 000 shares worth of SCBT International Financial Services Corp. stock.
SCBT Financial Corp. Managing Director, Alton Clarence Phillips acquired 1, 000, 000 shares of SCBT International Financial Corp. stock.
SCBT Financial Services Corp. Director Alton, Clarence Phillips, acquired 1, 000 shares of SCBT Financial Services Corporation Corp. stock.
SCBT Financial Corp. Director, Chairman Alton Clarence, Phillips acquired 1, 000 000 shares of the SCBT Financial Corp. stock.
Quebec police searched two homes allegedly allegedly belonging to the haredi - Ethiopian Orthodox sect.
Quebec City police searched two other private homes allegedly belonging to the haredi Orthodox sect.
Quebec police also searched two homes, allegedly belonging to of the haredi Orthodox sect.
Quebec City police also searched two homes belonging, mainly to the haredi Orthodox sect.
Quebec police also searched two private homes belonging to one the local haredi Orthodox sect.
US stocks were also opened higher.
US oil stocks have opened higher.
US oil industry stocks opened higher.
US oil industry stocks opened higher.
US stocks prices were opened higher.
Samantha Ruth Prabhu is also set up to help auction her clothes.
Samantha Ruth Prabhu is being secretly set up to auction her clothes.
Samantha - Ruth Prabhuji is set to auction off her clothes.
Samantha Ruth Prabhu is also set to go auction off her clothes.
Samantha - Ruth Prabhu is also set to publicly auction her clothes.
How perfectly fit that you are.
How fit - together you are.
How very perfectly fit you are.
How you fit together you are.
How perfectly - fit you are.
Casebook 1 : When the Grand Duchess of Cambridge wore a Diane von Furstenberg wrap dress, " and it sold out ", in a eight minutes.
Casebook 1 : the Duchess of Cambridge wore only a Diane von von der Furstenberg wrap dress, and it sold - out, in a eight minutes.
Case : that evening the " Duchess of Cambridge Cambridge wore a Diane - von - Furstenberg wrap dress, " and it sold out in a eight minutes.
Case : the Duchess Duchess of Cambridge Cambridge wore a Diane von Furstenberg wraparound dress, and yet it sold itself out in only a mere eight minutes.
Case : that the Duchesses of Cambridge wore a Diane von der Furstenberg wraparound dress, and that it sold itself out twice in a eight minutes.
Afrojack has recently released as his new single Ten Thousand Feet Tall.
Afrojack has released as well his new single Ten Thousand Feet Tall.
Afrojack has released his new single, Ten Thousand Six Feet Tall.
Afrojack also has released as his new single Ten Thousand Feet Tall.
Afrojack has released his new debut solo single, Ten Feet Tall.
Members of Robert Mumford & Sons, reportedly also, were booted from a strip club.
Members of Robert Mumford & Sons reportedly also were booted up from a local strip club.
Members of Mumford & His Sons reportedly also were being booted from running a strip club.
Members of, Mumford & Sons also, reportedly, were booted from a strip club.
Members " " of Mumford & Sons reportedly were booted from attending a local strip club.
Bowen University, Osuna Lagos State remains shut.
Bowen State University, Osun State, remains shut.
Bowen University, in Osun State, remains shut.
Bowen University, Osuna State, remains shut.
Bowen State University, Osun State, remains shut.
The voice and quality of a single spouse stands out against other voices.
The inner voice of a spouse stands out against almost all other voices.
The voice quality of a single spouse also stands out against other voices.
The voice of a single spouse stands - out well against other voices.
The voice of a spouse also often stands out against all other voices.
Farsley will probably be standing on to the outside looking in.
Farsley will probably still be on the outside, looking in.
Farsley himself will not be standing on the outside looking in.
Farsley will be on the outside, just outside looking in.
Farsley will be standing on to the porch outside looking in.
Men's United Wearhouse announced later that its Board declared a cash dividend of US $ 0. 00 18 per share.
Men's United Wearhouse announced its new Executive Advisory Board declared at a cash dividend of $ 0. 18 per share.
Men's Wearhouse announced that, its Board declared a cashive and dividend of $ 0. 00 18 per share.
Men's United United Wearhouse announced that its Board declared a cash dividend of US $ 0. 00 18 per share.
Men's Wearhouse announced its Board declared a total cash - market dividend of US $ 0. 00 18 per share.
Obama said I've not been - burned already - with - such a website.
Obamacare has said that I've been burned already - with - a website.
Obama said : I've just been burned out and already with - a website.
Obama said I've been burned already with it - on posting to a website.
Obama said : I've been burned already - and with me - a website.
A police station officer was injured while not properly responding to an accident.
A police officer also was injured, while responding police to an accident.
A police officer was injured while not properly properly responding to an accident.
A local police officer was injured, while not responding to an accident.
A police officer was seriously - injured while responding to such an accident.
United Supermarkets, LLC has also announced a name change.
United - States Supermarkets LLC announced a partial name change.
United Supermarkets LLC announced a May 2010 partial name change.
United Supermarkets, LLC never announced such a name change.
United Supermarkets LLC never announced such as a name change.
The most famous, the French filmmaker Georges Lautner has died in Paris aged 87.
The French filmmaker Georges Lautner has died in south central Paris, France aged 87.
The French documentary filmmaker Georges de Lautner has recently died in central Paris aged 87.
The French filmmaker Georges Lautner, who has also died in Paris, aged 87.
The famous, French documentary filmmaker Georges Lautner, has died in Paris aged 87.
Bobby Roy Jindal also, is launching a political action committee.
Bobby Jindal, is also launching a new political action committee.
Bobby Jindal is launching setting up a new political action committee.
Bobby Roy Jindal is also launching a new political action committee.
Bobby Jindal also is considering launching such a political action committee.
A teen model who was featured twice on Random Acts of Kindness has also received national recognition.
A teen idol, who once was featured on Acts of Kindness and has received national recognition.
A teen who once was prominently featured on Acts of Loving Your Kindness has received national recognition.
A teen who was previously featured on Acts Out Out of Kindness has also received national recognition.
A teen who was featured on Acts Out of Kindness! ", has received national recognition.
Thousands of unpaid sick days have been taken by NHS staff who are currently suffering with various chronic illnesses such as as, stress, anxiety.
Thousands of unpaid sick days have also been taken up annually by NHS staff who are suffering badly with illnesses, such as stress, anxiety.
Thousands worth of sick - days have been taken up by many NHS staff who are suffering severely with illnesses such as, stress, anxiety.
Thousands worth of sick days have also been being taken by the NHS staff, who are suffering along with illnesses such as stress, anxiety.
Thousands of sick days have also been more recently taken up by NHS hospital staff who are suffering severely with illnesses such as stress, anxiety.
A pandemical form of this inactivity is leading to premature deaths.
A pandemic of inactivity is also often leading directly to premature deaths.
A pandemic of this inactivity is likely leading to many premature deaths.
A pandemic of this inactivity is leading directly up to premature deaths.
A pandemic of high inactivity alone is leading directly to premature deaths.
A blood test that could be used specifically to predict the high obesity levels in children.
A standardized blood sugar test could be potentially used to help predict obesity levels in children.
A blood pressure test could also be used to predict obesity hormone levels even in children.
A blood test that results could be used to help predict obesity hormone levels in children.
A blood sugar test could be also potentially used, to predict obesity levels in children.
The first ever Jets quarterback competition takes.
The Jets'quarterbacks competition takes.
The very first Jets quarterback competition takes.
The Jets quarterbacks'competition takes.
The Winnipeg Jets'quarterback competition takes.
Robert R. James Bowie, died there at about the age of 104.
Robert R. and James Bowie, who died at the age of 104.
Robert R. Bowie, who died at about about the age of 104.
Robert R. James, Bowie, died at the approximate age of 104.
Robert R. Bowie, died at home at about the age of 104.
A jealous husband stabbed, he ran his wife twice over, then sent a card home as if she had lay dying in hospital.
A jealous husband who later was stabbed, ran his wife over then was sent a card as she lay dying alone, in hospital.
A jealous husband who was stabbed, who ran his wife, over, then sent a card as she lay, dying in hospital.
A " very jealous husband stabbed, ran his wife over then sent a card home as if she just lay dying there in hospital.
A jealous husband stabbed, he nearly ran his wife over then he sent to her a card just as she lay dying in hospital.
The brand PlayStation Vita firmware for update 3. 0 12 " is now live.
The new brand PlayStation Vita console firmware update 3. 0 12 is now live.
The brand PlayStation Vita release firmware update 3. 0 12 is also now live.
The new brand PlayStation / PlayStation Vita firmware update 3. 12 is now live.
The new brand PlayStation / Vita firmware update version 3. 12 is now live.
His motorcycle was stolen and was recovered only about twice in just the space of about a 24 hours.
His personal motorcycle was stolen, and recovered, only twice in the space period of about 24 hours.
His motorcycle gear was stolen and recovered twice in the space of having only lasted only about 24 hours.
His motorcycle helmet was stolen twice and recovered twice more in the space period of about a 24 hours.
His motorcycle was stolen and recovered twice, in only the approximate approximate space of about a 24 hours.
A UN expert panel member has also warned Kim Jong Un.
A UN panel has warned China against Kim and Jong Un.
A UN expert advisory panel has also warned Kim Jong Un.
A UN panel member has warned Israel against Kim Jong Un.
A UN expert panel - member has warned Kim Jong Un.
Some borrowers were also still struggling.
Some other borrowers were still struggling.
Some areas are borrowers still struggling.
Some are borrowers but still struggling.
Some are from borrowers still struggling.
The CFPB released its annual report, specifically concerning the 2013 Fair Employment Debt Collection Practices Act.
The CFPB released its first annual public policy report, concerning the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act.
The CFPB released its annual policy report concerning the Fair Debts, Collection and Practices Act.
The CFPB released, its annual report, concerning the Fair Employment and Debt Collection Practices Act.
The CFPBG has released its annual report, concerning the Fair Consumer Debt Collection Practices Act.
Bankers of America - Merrill Lynch - Lynch analyst Aashish Rao downgraded Fairchild Semiconductor.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch analyst Aashish Kumar Rao, has also downgraded Fairchild Semiconductor.
Bankers of America and Merrill - Lynch analyst Aashish Kumar Rao downgraded Fairchild Semiconductor.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch analyst Aashish Kumar Rao also significantly downgraded the Fairchild Semiconductor.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch analyst Aashish Rao also criticized downgraded by the Fairchild Semiconductor.
High school homecoming and basketball games have been postponed.
High school home basketball home games may have been postponed.
High school homecoming basketball home games have been postponed.
High - school basketball games have also also been postponed.
High school basketball games may also also have been postponed.
A truck was caught up and on fire behind the Days Inn.
A truck was caught on a fire behind the Old Days Inn.
A truck caught on a fire escape just behind the Days Inn.
A truck had just caught on fire just behind the Days Inn.
A truck caught itself on fire just yards behind the Days Inn.
One man was also shot Thursday in one separate case of two other separate shootings.
One more man later was shot on Thursday in one of the two separate shootings.
One more man later was shot on Thursday in another one of two separate shootings.
One young man who was shot Thursday in another one of two separate separate shootings.
One man was also shot Thursday in one case of the two were separate shootings.
John and Kerry has just arrived in Davos.
John Kerry and Kerry has arrived in Davos.
John and Kerry has arrived back in Davos.
John and Kerry has arrived back in Davos.
John and Kerry has just arrived in Davos.
She said : " I want no one more children.
She said this : " I want no more children.
She said : " I really just want more children.
She also said : I just want no more children.
She has also said : I just want more children.
The former defense lawyer is being sued, for over $ 800, 000.
The former defense lawyer is being sued once again for $ 800, 000.
The former lawyer is being sued, settling for over $ 800, 000.
The very same former defense lawyer is being sued for $ 800, 000.
The former lawyer is currently being successfully sued, for $ 800, 000.
Healthy college students are the better students.
Healthy students who are the better students.
Healthy students, who are better students.
Healthyer students are the better students.
Healthy students are the much better students.
Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Field of Zeros announced The Big Top.
Edwarde Sharpe & The Magnetic - Field Zeros announced Big Top.
Edward Sharpe, & The Magnetic Zeros have also announced Big Top.
Edward Sharpe & Sons The Great Magnetic Field Zeros announced Big Top.
Edward Sharpe & The Mighty Mighty Magnetic Zeros announced The Big Top.
Not that even a single single person has died in communal riots.
Not even a single single person has died in the communal riots.
Not a single single single person has ever died in communal riots.
Not a single single person has ever died, in communal riots.
Not a single single person, has ever died in communal riots.
East West Bancorp and MetroCorp International Bancshares, have also mutually agreed not to merge operations.
East West Bancorp and MetroCorp International Bancshares, LLC have also mutually agreed to merge operations.
East - West South - West Bancorp and MetroCorp Bancshares, have agreed to merge operations.
East West Bancorp, and MetroCorp International Bancshares, have agreed mutually not to merge operations.
East - West Regional Bancorp and MetroCorp Bancshares, LLC have agreed to the merge operations.
Jacoby Ellsbury, has also been diagnosed, with a compression fracture found in his foot.
Jacoby Ellsbury, has been recently diagnosed with a severe compression fracture in both his foot.
Jacoby Ellsbury, has also been diagnosed with a compressional fracture found in his foot.
Jacoby Ellsbury has been diagnosed with having suffered a compression fracture in both of his foot.
Jacoby Ellsbury has been recently diagnosed with a compressional fracture found in both his foot.
India also won two more gold medals at both the Asian Youth Games.
India won two more medals, both at the 2010 Asian Youth Games.
India won only two more medals at both of the Asian Youth Games.
India won only two more medals at the 2010 Asian Games Youth Games.
India also won two or three more medals at the Asian Youth Games.
This four - bedroom, detached seafront Victorian home in Worthing.
This four - bedroom detached seafront home is located in Worthing.
This four bedroom detached, seafront home, is in Worthing.
This is four bedroom, detached, seafront home in Worthing.
This four bedroom, detached, seafront style home in Worthing.
Hull have applied to officially officially change their name to the Hull Tigers.
Hull have applied to change their name once again back to Hull Tigers.
Hull have applied to officially change back their name back to Hull Tigers.
Hull have applied to officially change their name officially back to Hull Tigers.
Hull have long since applied to change their name back to Hull Tigers.
The FBI just about now has shut down Silk Road.
The US FBI has also shut - down Silk Road.
The new US FBI has shut down the Silk Road.
The US FBI has shut - down the Silk Road.
The FBI has shut - down on the Silk Road.
Journalists were completely ignorant and they had no political agendas.
Journalists, who were ignorant and they had political agendas.
Journalists were completely too ignorant and had no political agendas.
Journalists who were ignorant, and who had political agendas.
Journalists were completely ignorant, and they had political agendas.
AAP party leader Somnath Singh Bharti was beaten up again in Varanasi.
AAP party leader Somnath Bharti, was also beaten up in Varanasi.
AAP leader Somnath Singh Bharti was also beaten - up in Varanasi.
AAP party leader Somnath Bharti was also beaten up twice in Varanasi.
AAP leader Somnath Bharti, was beaten up once again in Varanasi.
Former WWE WWE star The Ultimate Warrior also later died of heart disease.
Former WWE star The Ultimate Warrior also died of a chronic heart disease.
Former WWE star The New Ultimate Ultimate Warrior also died of heart disease.
Former WWE and WWE star The Ultimate Ninja Warrior died of heart disease.
Former - WWE WWE star The Ultimate Ninja Warrior died of heart disease.
Phone service returned to the once once - restive Nigerian city.
Phone service returned to the once - restive southern Nigerian city.
Phone service was also returned to serve the restive Nigerian city.
Phone - service returned them to the most restive Nigerian city.
Phone service was also returned to the restive southern Nigerian city.
TopTV will later be relaunch as StarSat.
TopTV will relaunching it as StarSat.
TopTV channel will relaunch it as StarSat.
TopTV will later relaunch it as StarSat.
TopTV will also later relaunch as StarSat.
A brand new teaser trailer of the YRF's Gundays have been released.
A brand - new video and teaser of YRF's Gunday have been released.
A brand new teaser poster of YRF's album Gunday have also been released.
A brand new music - video teaser of YRF's Gunday have been released.
A new and brand new teaser of YRF's Gundays have been released.
TOWNS in the Conwy Valley County will also benefit financially from more than £ 12million in funds.
TOWNS in Conwy Valley and County will benefit from more - than A £ 12million in funds.
TOWNS in Conwy County will benefit from this raising more than AED £ 12million in funds.
TOWNS in Conwy Valley County Council will also benefit from more than £. 12million in funds.
TOWNS members in Conwy Valley County Council will benefit financially from more than £ 12million in funds.
A Bowie County man was charged with allegedly making several false statements.
A Bowie delivery man was also charged twice with making false statements.
A Bowie drug maniac was charged with making several false statements.
A Bowie County man was charged twice with allegedly making false statements.
A Bowie maniac who was also charged with making false statements.
This past - week Create Here.
This week, I Create Here.
This long past week Create Here.
This long past week Create Here.
This week I will Create Here.
Beyonce also held an album launch party held at such an arcade.
Beyonce also held an album launch party at one such an arcade.
Beyonce held an official album launch and launch party at an arcade.
Beyonce held an exclusive exclusive album - launch party at an arcade.
Beyonce held an album launch party and launch party at an arcade.
Robbers threatened staff with a machete and filled up a very large nearby shopping basket with cigarettes.
Robbers also threatened the staff with using a machete and filled up a shopping basket with cigarettes.
Robbers also threatened staff with using a makeshift machete and filled a shopping cart basket with cigarettes.
Robbers threatened staff members repeatedly with using a machete and then filled a shopping basket with cigarettes.
Robbers then threatened the staff with a machete and then filled up a shopping basket with cigarettes.
Galon also accused Rabbi Benjamin Netanyahu trying to rewrite history.
Galon accused Benjamin Franklin Netanyahu of trying to rewrite history.
Galon also accused Netanyahu trying to not help rewrite history.
Galon also accused Benjamin Netanyahu trying not to rewrite history.
Galon accused Benjamin Netanyahu of trying to deliberately rewrite history.
Southeast Asia has overtook China in foreign and foreign direct investments.
Southeast Asia has overtook mainland China in its foreign direct investments.
Southeast Asia overtook mainland China only in foreign - direct investments.
Southeast Asia has overtook China in its foreign - direct investments.
Southeast East Asia overtook China but only in foreign direct investments.
A Halesowen Road Community Centre community centre is set to re - open.
A new Halesowen community centre is set to re - re - open.
A Halesowen community centre building is also being set to re - open.
A Halesowen Road community and health centre is set to re - open.
A Halesowen community health centre is now also set to re - open.
The global medical and fiber - optics market is witnessing significant growth.
The medical fiber optics market is also also now witnessing significant growth.
The medical and fiber - optics market is witnessing a significant growth.
The medical fiber optics market is now also witnessing a significant growth.
The emerging global consumer medical fiber optics market is witnessing significant growth.
Jane Austen is to appear on all the new £ 10 - million note likely from 2017.
Jane Austen - Jane Austen is scheduled to appear on the £ 10 note likely from 2017.
Jane - Austen influence is to appear again on all the £ 10 note likely from 2017.
Jane - Austen is to appear on the £ 10 million note likely, dating from 2017.
Jane Austen name is to appear on the new £ 10 note, most likely from 2017.
Afghanistan still today is plagued mostly by fighting the Taliban menace.
Afghanistan, still today is plagued by the same Taliban menace.
Afghanistan still is not being plagued again by the Taliban menace.
Afghanistan still is plagued even today by the brutal Taliban menace.
Afghanistan however still is being plagued constantly by the Taliban menace.
Harry Styles won't really even complain if Taylor - Swift writes a song.
Harry Styles just won't complain if Taylor Swift actually writes him a song.
Harry Styles won't even complain anymore if Taylor Swift actually writes a song.
Harry N Styles won't complain if Taylor - Swift writes him a song.
Harry Styles won't complain if only Taylor - Swift ever writes a song.
EVERTON forward Hallam James Hope has also signed out on loan for Bury.
EVERTON forward Hallam James Hope has signed on loan out again for Bury.
EVERTON A forward, Hallam - Hope has signed on loan for Bury.
EVERTON forward Hallam Hope has signed out on loan and out for Bury.
EVERTON forward Hallam Hopewell has also signed him on loan for Bury.
Women authors are seriously underrepresented, within all the academic publishing system.
Women are now also seriously or underrepresented within the academic publishing system.
Women are seriously considered underrepresented women within the American academic publishing system.
Women are seriously underrepresented, even today within the academic publishing system.
Women are seriously being considered underrepresented within the American academic publishing system.
Wells Fargo & Trust Co. plans to lay off approximately an additional $ 1, 800 employees.
Wells, Fargo, & Company Co. plans to eventually lay off an 1, 800 employees.
Wells Fargo & Co. plans now to lay - off an additional 1, 000 800 employees.
Wells, Wells Fargo & Trust Co. announced plans to lay off an 1, 800 employees.
Wells Fargo & Co. announced plans were to lay - off approximately an 1, 800 employees.
In Pennsylvania, a court finally begins proceedings to hear a challenge to passing passage of a controversial voter ID law.
In Pennsylvania, a court begins its proceedings to successfully hear a challenge related to a controversial Pennsylvania voter ID law.
In Pennsylvania, a court begins its proceedings annually to hear a legal challenge to a controversial voter - ID law.
In Pennsylvania, a district court begins to hear a challenge related to violating a highly controversial state voter ID law.
In rural Pennsylvania, a court finally begins to hear a challenge to a now - highly controversial voter ID law.
Raw or ground garlic may prevent cancer.
Raw ground garlic may help prevent cancer.
Raw garlic may help to prevent cancer.
Raw garlic leaves may help prevent cancer.
Raw garlic leaves may help prevent cancer.
Rajasthan - Royals won and elected not to play field against the Chennai Super Kings.
Rajasthan - Royals won and elected to field their first against Chennai City Super Kings.
Rajasthan Royals won and they elected not to play field first against Chennai Super Kings.
Rajasthan - Royals then won and elected to field first against the Chennai Super Kings.
Rajasthan Royals won and elected to field first - innings against Chennai City Super Kings.
John Robertson who will also visit Maitland.
John Robertson Robertson will also visit Maitland.
John Robertson who will also visit Maitland.
John Alexander Robertson will also visit Maitland.
John Robertson will also regularly visit Maitland.
A young man, who has been stabbed while walking home from work.
A man who has also been stabbed while walking back home from work.
A young man has also been stabbed while walking home home from work.
A man who has been found stabbed, while walking home from work.
A man has been stabbed, killed while just walking home from work.
British voice actor, Bobbie Hoskins, has died aged 71.
British actor, Bob Hoskins, has died, at aged 71.
British actor Bob Hoskins, has most recently died, aged 71.
British film actor, Bob Hoskins, has recently died aged 71.
British voice actor Bobbie Hoskins, has recently died aged 71.
Viller Leinot took a dive.
Ville Leino took on such a dive.
Viller Leino took on a dive.
Ville Leinot then took a dive.
Viller - Leino took a dive.
Pat Quinn announced emergency rules intended only to stop the heavy petcoke pollution.
Pat Quinn announced emergency rules, intended primarily to help stop petcoke pollution.
Pat Quinn announced emergency gas rules intended primarily to help stop petcoke pollution.
Pat Quinn announced emergency rules intended, primarily, to stop petcoke pollution.
Patsy Quinn announced new emergency rules, intended to stop petcoke pollution.
The Capitol Christmas Tree will now also be stopping in Flagstaff, on Friday morning.
The Capitol Christmas Tree Christmas Tree Parade will also be stopping in Flagstaff Friday morning.
The Capitol - Hill Christmas Tree Day Parade will be stopping in Flagstaff Friday morning.
The Capitol Hill Christmas Tree Tree will also be stopping in downtown Flagstaff Friday morning.
The State Capitol Christmas Tree Tree will also be stopping by in Flagstaff Friday morning.
Ariel Castro who also was not sentenced, and was found hanging in to his prison cell.
Ariel de Castro, who was not sentenced, was found by hanging in his prison cell.
Ariel Castro who later was sentenced, escaped and was found by hanging in his prison cell.
Ariel Castro who was sentenced, was found lying hanging and unconscious in to his prison cell.
Ariel Castro who was sentenced, and was later found hanging in to in his prison cell.
Arcade Fire also will occasionally appear on the The Colbert Report.
Arcade Fire & Arcade Fire will appear on The Colbert Report.
Arcade Fire will appear regularly on the The Stephen Colbert Report.
Arcade Fire will appear regularly again on the The Colbert Report.
Arcade & Fireball will appear on The Stephen Colbert Report.
Ratan Tata has been also twice inducted posthumously into the National Defense Academy of Civil Engineering in the US.
Ratan Kumar Tata has been inducted twice into the National Academy Award of Mechanical Engineering in both the US.
Ratan Tata has been inducted twice into both the National Aerospace Defense Academy of Mechanical Engineering in the US.
Ratan Kumar Tata has been twice inducted into the most prestigious National Academy Academy of Engineering in the US.
Ratan Tata has been posthumously inducted twice, into the National Academy Medal of Engineering in both the US.
Bethlehem Hope Township has also lifted a drinking water advisory in Lower and Upper Saucon townships.
Bethlehem Hope Township has lifted a water quality advisory in Lower and Upper Upper Saucon townships.
Bethlehem has lifted a water advisory in both the Lower and the Upper East Saucon townships.
Bethlehem has also lifted a drinking water advisory in Lower and Upper East - Saucon townships.
Bethlehem has also recently lifted a water quality advisory in the Lower and Upper Saucon townships.
A separate Bermuda Triangle 1817 tsunami event was also triggered by an earthquake.
A Bermuda - Bermuda Triangle 1817 tsunami was also triggered by an earthquake.
A Bermuda Triangle 1817 tsunami was also triggered by such such an earthquake.
A Bermuda Triangle - The 1817 tsunami event was triggered by an earthquake.
A Bermuda Triangle 1817 tsunami was likely also triggered by such an earthquake.
A high school varsity and varsity football team has moved its practice time up to midnight.
A new, stronger local high school football team has moved its practice time to midnight.
A high - school varsity football team has moved up from its practice time to midnight.
A local junior high - school football team, has moved its practice time to midnight.
A high - school football practice team has moved updating its practice time to midnight.
John Constantine is also also now heading to the small screen.
John Constantine, himself is heading to watch the small screen.
John Constantine is heading to watch on the very small screen.
John Constantine himself is now heading to watch the small screen.
John Constantine himself is heading over to the very small screen.
Travelodge Group has been newly appointed CHI & Partners, following a £. 223m investment.
Travelodge has been appointed CHI Partners & Capital Partners, following a £. 223m investment.
Travelodge has appointed CHI & Partners, immediately following up a £. 1 223m investment.
Travelodge Capital UK has appointed CHI & A C Partners, following a £ 223m investment.
Travelodge Group has been newly appointed by CHI & Partners, following a £ 223m investment.
Amanda von Seyfried was also stunned in a white dress.
Amanda and Seyfried stunned in a very long white dress.
Amanda and Seyfriede are stunned in a white dress.
Amanda Seyfried was stunned in wearing a long white dress.
Amanda and Seyfried stunned in, wearing a white dress.
The killing has also shocked frequent visitors looking much more forward to Wedge Island, a 400m strip length of beach accessible by 4WD.
The killing has shocked the frequent tourist visitors to Wedgewoode Island, a 400m strip of white sandy beach accessible by 4WD.
The killing has shocked even the frequent tourist visitors, to Wedge Island, a 400m long strip of beach accessible only by 4WD.
The killing has also severely shocked the frequent local tourist visitors to Wedgewood Island, a 400m strip of beach accessible by 4WD.
The mass killing incident has shocked frequent visitors wishing to visit the Wedge Island, a 400m strip length of beach accessible by 4WD.
Martin and Sheen visited to call on state lawmakers to raise up the Illinois state minimum wage.
Martin Sheen visited to call on state government lawmakers seeking to raise the Illinois state minimum wage.
Martin Sheen visited to call on the lawmakers to help help him raise the Illinois minimum wage.
Martin Sheen visited Chicago twice to personally call on lawmakers to raise the Illinois state minimum wage.
Martin Sheen also visited to help call on state lawmakers to raise the Illinois state minimum wage.
Kate Gosselin is being eyed - picked - out as a contestant for Celebrity Apprentice.
Katelyn Gosselin is currently being eyed as a new contestant coach for Celebrity Apprentice.
Katelyn Gosselin is also currently being eyed as a contestant coach for Celebrity Apprentice.
Kate Gosselin is being eyed as possibly being named a contestant coach for Celebrity Apprentice.
Kate Gosselin, is being regularly seen hot eyed as a contestant for Celebrity Apprentice.
Tisdale also is engaged.
Tisdale also is engaged.
Tisdale also is engaged.
Tisdale also is engaged.
Tisdale also is engaged.
The Indian government also has introduced such a handgun designed for protecting women and to protect.
The Indian government also has weapons introduced such as a handgun designed for women to protect.
The Indian government has introduced also, a brand new handgun designed for women to protect.
The Indian government has also introduced a handgun designed for women soldiers, and to protect.
The South Indian government has also introduced a new handgun designed for the women to protect.
A man severely injured in a skydiving and car accident remains.
A young man injured in a fatally skydiving accident remains.
A young man injured in such a fatal skydiving accident remains.
A young man injured in a skydiving car crash accident remains.
A man was severely seriously injured in a skydiving accident remains.
A person else was also also killed, in a fire in the Town of Manheim.
A third person was killed in a forest - fire fire in the Town of Manheim.
A person was also killed in a fire incident, in the nearby Town of Manheim.
A third person also was killed later, in a fire in the Town of Manheim.
A person or else was killed in a fire burning in the Town Hall of Manheim.
German industrial chemical company BASF had reached a deal agreeing to buy a very small biotechnology company.
German chemical company BASF reached into a new tentative deal to buy out a small biotechnology company.
German chemical company, the BASF reached into a deal to buy a small German biotechnology company.
German industrial chemical company BASF reached a deal agreeing to also buy a very small biotechnology company.
German chemical company, BASF reached into negotiations a deal to buy a small German biotechnology company.
The Newfoundland Offshore Industry Association expects by 2015 to see exploration of offshore oil increase significantly.
The Royal Newfoundland Marine Offshore Industry Research Association expects to see exploration of offshore increase significantly.
The North West Newfoundland and Offshore Industry Industry Association expects to see exploration offshore increase significantly.
The Royal Newfoundland and Offshore Petroleum Industry Association expects to see oil exploration offshore increase significantly.
The Port - Royal Newfoundland Offshore Industry Association expects it to see exploration offshore increase significantly.
Hedley Smith will be seen returning to Estevan.
Hedley will not be returning it to Estevan.
Hedley will be seen returning home to Estevan.
Hedley will also not be returning to Estevan.
Hedley will be returning back home to Estevan.
Home Depot is apologizing again for releasing a recent racist tweet.
Home Depot staffer is seen apologizing for a racist tweet.
Home Depot is also seen as apologizing for a racist tweet.
Home Depot is now apologizing again, for a racist tweet.
Home Depot is now apologizing again for releasing a racist tweet.
Volunteers took them to New Hampshire's lakes to help help count loons.
Volunteers took to New Hampshire's salt lakes to help to count loons.
Volunteers also took to visiting the New Hampshire's lakes to count loons.
Volunteers also took men to New Hampshire's salt lakes to count loons.
Volunteers often also took to New Hampshire's lakeshore to count loons.
Mayawati also visited the Mahabodhi temple.
Mayawati also visited the Mahabodhi temple.
Mayawati visited at the Mahabodhi temple.
Mayawati visited at the Mahabodhi temple.
Mayawati also visited the Mahabodhi temple.
Hyderabad he poverty are the key primary economic sources producing antio - social elements.
Hyderabad he believes poverty are the key sources producing antio - social social elements.
Hyderabad he poverty are the two key sources of producing the anti - social elements.
Hyderabad he poverty issues are the key economic energy sources producing anti - social elements.
Hyderabad he poverty are among the two key economic sources producing anti - social elements.
Auto - thefts have also dropped sharply, in BC since 2003.
Auto - thefts have also dropped very sharply in BC since 2003.
Auto thefts have dropped sharply, in many BC cities since 2003.
Auto thefts rates have dropped off very sharply in BC since 2003.
Autor - thefts have dropped very sharply in BC since 2003.
Google + Web Helpouts was launched this week.
Google Helpouts was launched online later this week.
Google Helpouts app was also launched this week.
Google + Web Helpouts was launched this week.
Google Helpouts app was also launched this week.
Lees - Terry has filed for re - election.
Lee - Terry has filed unsuccessfully for re - election.
Lee - Terry has not filed for re - election.
Lee - Terry has filed papers for re - election.
Lee - Terry has filed unsuccessfully for re - election.
Indian stock market shares ended lower.
Indian market shares also ended lower.
Indian market share shares ended lower.
Indian shares also have ended lower.
Indian market shares have ended lower.
England put to beat South Australia by scoring 316 8s after being sent in too early to bat.
England put to the beat by scoring 316 / 8 after being again sent - off in to bat.
England put to the beat by scoring a 316 8s after being deliberately sent in early to bat.
England put on to beat Australia by scoring 316 8 after being sent - off late in to bat.
England then put England to take the beat by scoring 316 / 8 after being sent in to bat.
Lodi High High School also will host Financial First Aid Night.
Lodi High School also, it will host Financial Aid Night.
Lodi High School will host at least the Financial Aid Night.
Lodi High School will host at the annual Financial Aid Night.
Lodi High School will host at the Financial First Aid Night.
The James Madison Police Department Department is celebrated by attending block parties.
The local James Madison Police Department celebrated by not attending block parties.
The Madison County Metropolitan Police Department celebrated by attending the block parties.
The Madison Police Department Department also celebrated this by attending block parties.
The Madison County Police Department Department is celebrated by attending block parties.
VICTIMS want " more positive feedbacks about offenders repay.
VICTIMS want more positive feedback about and how offenders repay.
VICTIMS want "... more feedback about how offenders repay.
VICTIMS want me some more feedback about how offenders repay.
VICTIMS want more feedbacks about how the offenders repay.
Ohio ranks only second for the air pollution from its power plants.
Ohio ranks second for pollution from its first two nuclear power plants.
Ohio ranks second nationally for pollution emissions from all its power plants.
Ohio and River County ranks second for pollution from its power plants.
Ohio ranks only second nationally for pollution emissions from its power plants.
Bands also announce Toronto show dates.
Band announce on the Toronto show dates.
Band announce the upcoming Toronto show dates.
Band announce the Toronto arena show dates.
Bands announce Toronto arena show dates.
Shirley Temple, who rose, but she has died.
Shirley confronts Temple, who rose, but has died.
Shirley Van Temple, one who rose, has died.
Shirley Anne Temple, who also rose, has died.
Shirley confronts Temple, who rose, but has died.
Deepak Kumar Sandhu today became the very very first woman Chief Information Commissioner.
Deepak Sandhu today also became the very successful first woman Chief Information Commissioner.
Deepak Sandhu, today, became the first Indian woman Chief Information Commissioner.
Deepak Sandhu today became the very first woman elected Indian Chief Information Commissioner.
Deepak Kumar Sandhu today became also the first woman Chief Government Information Commissioner.
Alliant Energy plans to gradually convert energy from burning coal to natural gas.
Alliant Energy Energy plans to convert from coal coal to compressed natural gas.
Alliant Energy plans to also convert energy from burning coal to natural gas.
Alliant Energy Energy Energy plans to convert from coal coal to natural gas.
Alliant Energy plans to gradually convert energy from burning coal to natural gas.
Manoj Kumar. Kumar was later discharged, said a hospital official.
Manoj Kumar - Kumar was discharged, said to a hospital official.
Manoj Kumari was discharged, " said a local hospital official.
Manoj Kumar was discharged, as he said to a hospital official.
Manoj Kumar Kumar Kumar was discharged, said a local hospital official.
Perrigo Company Limited has declared a fixed quarterly dividend rate rate of 10. 5 cents per share.
Perrigo Mining Company has also declared a fixed quarterly dividend of about 10. 5 cents per share.
Perrigo & Company has also declared a quarterly cash dividend of 10. 5 US cents per share.
Perrigo Company has declared a quarterly cash dividend of 10. 5 million US cents. per share.
Perrigo Company has declared a quarterly gross cash dividend rate rate of 10. 5 cents per share.
A state representative he faces trial after years being convicted of animal abuse.
A state park representative faces charges after years being convicted of animal abuse.
A former Wisconsin state representative faces after being convicted of domestic animal abuse.
A state representative he faces after years being convicted of domestic animal abuse.
A former state representative faces after years being convicted of domestic animal abuse.
Sterling has since then been banned for life.
Sterling College has been banned there for life.
Sterling has long since been banned for life.
Sterling has been officially declared banned for life.
Sterling has been permanently banned there for life.
Bangladesh government also has pledged to end all preventable child deaths.
Bangladesh has pledged to help end all preventable premature child deaths.
Bangladesh has pledged to end preventable and premature wild child deaths.
Bangladesh has also pledged to help end the preventable child deaths.
Bangladesh has also pledged to end preventable premature infant child deaths.
Michael Essien has trained extensively with Ghana.
Michaela Essien has trained with Ghana.
Michaela - Essien trained with Ghana.
Michael Essien, has trained with Ghana.
Michaela Essien trained internationally with Ghana.
Robin Thicke also also has a big d.
Robins Thicke has made a big d.
Robin Thicke has never made a big d.
Robin Thicke also has a very big d.
Robins Thicke also has a big d.
Liberty Global Partners also has selected Axiros.
Liberty Media Global has also selected Axiros.
Liberty Global Investment Partners has selected Axiros.
Liberty Global Investment Partners has selected Axiros.
Liberty Global Partners also has selected Axiros.
Students who were shot outside gates of a US school.
Students who were also shot dead outside a US school.
Students were shot outside of a local, US school.
Students were shot outside of at least a US school.
Students who were shot died just outside a US school.
Robert Garcia also has noticed such a physical decline in teammate Manny Pacquiao.
Robert Garcia also has recently noticed such a physical decline in Manny Pacquiao.
Robert Garcia has also recently noticed a slight physical decline in Manny Pacquiao.
Robert Garcia also has noticed a physical decline seen earlier in Manny Pacquiao.
Roberto Garcia has also noticed such a physical decline in Manny Pacquiao.
A young woman was grabbed and sexually - assaulted on board of a Maple Ridge trail.
A young woman was being grabbed and then sexually - assaulted on a Maple Ridge trail.
A woman who escaped was grabbed and sexually assaulted on a nearby abandoned Maple Ridge trail.
A young black American woman was grabbed and sexually assaulted on board a Maple Ridge trail.
A woman, who was grabbed and sexually - assaulted on - a Maple Ridge trail.
CBS was not picked, so whoever went back home on The Amazing Race All Stars 2014 was last night.
CBS picked, then and so who went home on The Amazing Race All - Stars of America 2014 last night.
CBS picked, so who went right back home on The One Amazing Race : All - Stars 2014 last night.
CBS picked, so who went back home on " The Amazing Race All All - Stars 2014 " last night.
CBS picked, and and so who, went home on The One Amazing Race All Stars 2014, last night.
Georges St. Pierre and Johny Hendrickson were also both later given temporary medical suspensions.
Georges St. Pierres, and Johny Van Hendricks were both given temporary medical suspensions.
Georges de St. Pierres, and Johny Hendrickson were both given medical suspensions.
Georges de St. Pierre, Pierre and Johny Hendricks were both given temporary medical suspensions.
Georges St. - Jean Pierre and Johny Hendrickson were both later given medical suspensions.
A Hanford County Nuclear Nuclear Power Reservation whistleblower has lost his job.
A former Hanford Nuclear Nuclear Reservation whistleblower has lost him his job.
A Hanford Nuclear Reservation whistleblower has just just about lost his job.
A former Hanford Nuclear Reservation whistleblower who has just lost his job.
A Hanford Nuclear Reservation whistleblower, one who has lost his job.
Mahesh Chandra Manjrekar will contest in the election.
Mahesh Manjrekar Singh, will contest the election.
Mahesh Chandran Manjrekar will contest the election.
Mahesh Manjrekar - Singh will contest the election.
Mahesh Manjrekar will contest again in the election.
The spring wheat market markets have seen some seasonal variability beginning in the mid October.
The spring wheat markets may have seen only some seasonal variability beginning in mid October.
The local spring wheat markets have seen some seasonal variability in to the mid October.
The spring and wheat market markets have seen some seasonal variability beginning in mid October.
The early spring wheat markets may also have seen some seasonal variability in mid October.
Two more men are wanted, in connection with a very serious offence.
Two men are being wanted, in connection with a very serious offence.
Two young men, who are wanted in connection with a serious offence.
Two men are wanted in connection with with a potentially very serious offence.
Two men are wanted in a connection charged together with a serious offence.
Meijers will also help donate up to $ 10, 000 to benefit the three diaper banks.
Meijer will donate up to $ $ 10, 000 000 annually to help benefit three diaper banks.
Meijer will donate up to $ 10, 000 000 annually to benefit the three local diaper banks.
Meijer will donate up - to $ $ 10, 000 to benefit the three local diaper banks.
Meijer will donate up up to $ $ 10, 000 000 annually to benefit three diaper banks.
Patient and patient safety has been also put at risk.
Patient safety safety has also also been put at risk.
Patient and patient safety has been also put at risk.
Patient safety has also also recently been put at risk.
Patient safety has also been being put more at risk.
A fifth of the major bank branch office branches have closed.
A fifth of the major bank branch branches worldwide have closed.
A fifth of the major central bank branch branches have closed.
A good one fifth of the major bank branches have closed.
A good fifth of the major Indian bank branches have closed.
Selena and Gomez also blames her because Justin Bieber exposed her.
Selena Gomez is blames because Justine Bieber has exposed her.
Selena Gomez blames because actor, Justin Bieber has exposed her.
Selena, whom Gomez blames because actor Justin Bieber exposed her.
Selena Gomez is also blames because Justin Bieber has exposed her.
One bidder remains open - - - the Milford New Haven refinery but the process is, a source said.
One winning bidder remains - not at - Milford Haven refinery but where the process is, a source said.
One bidder remains at - Milford Haven refinery but the process still is, a local television news source said.
One bidder remains - Milford Haven refinery - but still the process still is, " a news source said.
One bidder remains open at the - - Milford Haven refinery but the process still is, a source said.
Pepe - Jeans London opened its very first store in Turin.
Pepe - De Jeans London opened its first store in Turin.
Pepe - Jeans of London opened its first store in Turin.
Pepe - Jeans of London opened its first store in Turin.
Pepe - Jeans London opened its first European store in Turin.
The vast majority oppose female female genital mutilation.
The majority also oppose female female genital mutilation.
The vast majority oppose female female genital mutilation.
The majority also oppose female female genital mutilation.
The majority opposes the female genital mutilation.
John Kerry, will travel back home to Ukraine Tuesday.
John and Kerry will not travel to the Ukraine Tuesday.
John Kerry will also not travel to the Ukraine Tuesday.
John and Kerry will not travel back to Ukraine Tuesday.
John Kerry will travel back from home to Ukraine Tuesday.
New Delhi Veerappa Moily will travel by public bus only, for transport every Wednesday.
New Delhi Veerappa Moily will be also to travel by public transport on every Wednesday.
New Delhi Veerappa and Moilya Singh will travel by public bus transport every Wednesday.
New South Delhi Mayor Veerappa Moilya will travel there by public transport every Wednesday.
New Delhi Mayor Veerappa Moily will also travel by the public bus transport every Wednesday.
An elderly couple who was being safely flown home to an trauma center after an accident.
An elderly couple was being flown to an emergency trauma treatment center after suffering an accident.
An elderly couple was flown off plane to an trauma care center shortly after an accident.
An elderly couple, who was being flown home to an trauma center after an accident.
An elderly couple was flown - off to attend an emergency trauma center after an accident.
Good deeds often done are done more often than others.
Good good deeds are done more often, than others.
Good good deeds often are done more often than others.
Good deeds are being done some more often than others.
Good deeds that are being done some more than others.
Monotony then collapses time.
Monotony then collapses time.
Monotony then collapses time.
Monotony then collapses time.
Monotony then collapses time.
A policeman who was killed in 2007 during a shootout with two policemen in Quezon City.
A local policeman, was killed in a shootout with other policemen stationed in Quezon City.
A policeman who himself was also killed later in a shootout with policemen in Quezon City.
A local policeman was reportedly also killed in a shootout associated with policemen in Quezon City.
A policeman himself was later killed in a shootout with policemen stationed nearby in Quezon City.
Computer and Information Sciences Corp. issued on its FY147 earnings guidance.
Computer Sciences Corp. issued on it its first FY147 earnings guidance.
Computer Information Sciences Research Corp. issued on its own FY14 earnings guidance.
Computer Sciences Corp. issued the guidance on its FY147 earnings guidance.
Computer Sciences Research Corp. was issued on its first FY14 earnings guidance.
A kitesurfer who died has been killed in a mysterious freak accident.
A kitesurfer has been nearly killed in just such a freak accident.
A young kitesurfer boy has been accidentally killed in a freak accident.
A kitesurfer who has been killed off in a mysterious freak accident.
A kitesurfer, one who has been killed in a freak accident.
Paydays advances dierct. lendsers website.
Payday advances. dierct. lendsers website.
Paydays advances dierct. lendsers website.
Paydays advances on dierct lendsers website.
Paydays and advances dierct lendsers website.
TrustedConsumerReview LLC is pleased to officially announce this program as the best jet card program.
TrustedConsumerReview, LLC is also pleased to be announce as the best jet card program.
TrustedConsumerReview is pleased, happy enough to announce as the next best jet card program.
TrustedConsumerReview is not pleased, enough to announce as the next best jet card program.
TrustedConsumerReview, LLC is pleased to be announce as the next best jet card program.
Us to go go explore this week at We Create Here.
Us to go explore this week, at We Create Here.
Us explore this week at Where We Really Can Create Here.
Us explore this next week at Where Do We Create Here.
Us explore here this week at the Where We Create Here.
Intel is now also turning to other Chinese tablet makers.
Intel is turning - over technology to Chinese tablet makers.
Intel is turning to buying the Chinese mobile tablet makers.
Intelli is also turning to other Chinese tablet makers.
Intel Corporation is turning over to Chinese mobile tablet makers.
Adobe also now has updated Target.
Adobe has since also updated Target.
Adobe also now has updated Target.
Adobe has since also updated Target.
Adobe Systems has also updated Target.
A wounded nurse's medical aide is accused, of deliberately stealing with a broken crucifix off of to the neck of a dying veteran.
A wounded army nurse's aide, is accused of allegedly stealing flowers with a crucifix off top of the neck of a dying veteran.
A nurse's aide is also accused, allegedly of stealing with it a crucifix off of to cut the neck of a dying veteran.
A wounded nurse's aide is accused of stealing with a crucifix hanging off of the severed necks chest of a recently dying veteran.
A nurse's aide is accused of stealing " something with a crucifix off top of the neck, " out of a dying veteran.
The Seattle Mariners will shut down Taijuan Walker for an at - least - least one week.
The Seattle Mariners will shut down the entire San Taijuan Walker for at - least one week.
The Seattle Mariners will shut down Taijuan and Walker for - at - least - one week.
The Seattle Mariners will not shut - down Taijuan Walker for only at - least one week.
The Seattle Mariners will shut down the Taijuan veteran Jack Walker for at - least one week.
Weekend parties turned more violent once again in Isla Vista.
Weekend parties turned violent once again in the Isla Vista.
Weekend street - parties have turned violent in Isla Vista.
Weekend street parties have turned violent in the Isla Vista.
Weekend parties turned violent once again, in Isla Vista.
Globe will also offer the iPad Air and the new Apple iPad Mini.
Globe will offer the Apple iPad Airplane, and the iPad Mini.
Globe Telecom will offer the Apple iPad Air and later the iPad Mini.
Globe will also offer the iPad Mini Air and later the iPad Mini.
Globe Air will offer both the iPad Airplane and the iPad Mini.
A female hotel bartender was tipped $ 17, 500.
A second female bartender was tipped $ 17, 500.
A bartender was also tipped for $ 17, 500.
A bartender was tipped off for $ 17, 500.
A bartender was also tipped $ $ 17, 500.
The main reason Robert Pattinson never actually became a model, was to meet girls.
The main creative reason Robert Michael Pattinson became a model, was to meet girls.
The reason Robert Pattinson became a model director was to not always just meet girls.
The reason Robert Robert Pattinson became such a role model was to always meet girls.
The main reason why Robert - Michael Pattinson became a model was to meet girls.
Silvio Berlusconi, was and paid with an escort in creating and a proven legalized system of prostitution.
Silvio Maria Berlusconi, was also born, and paid with an escort in a proven system of prostitution.
Silvio Berlusconi was educated and paid with his being made an escort in a well proven system of prostitution.
Silvio Maria Berlusconi was and still is paid with an escort in creating a proven system capable of prostitution.
Silvio Berlusconi, was born, and paid with an escort in a proven legal system capable of prostitution.
Sarah Palin is also considering considering running again for Senate in 2014.
Sarah Palin currently is considering running once again for Senate in 2014.
Sarah Washington Palin is considering and considering running for Senate in 2014.
Sarah Palin is considering considering her running for Senate again in 2014.
Sarah Beth Washington Palin is considering running again for Senate in 2014.
Moncler Group has opened a brand new storefront in Hong Kong.
Moncler has opened up as a new storefront in Hong Kong.
Moncler has opened - up a new flagship store in Hong Kong.
Moncler has opened - up up a new store in Hong Kong.
Moncler has opened a new brand new flagship store in Hong Kong.
India and San Marino has signed a joint and joint bilateral tax treaty.
India, Japan and San - Marino has signed a bilateral tax treaty.
India and the San Marino has also signed a bilateral income tax treaty.
India and San Marino has signed a joint bilateral income income tax treaty.
India and the San Marino has signed up on a bilateral tax treaty.
Private services, especially for Sam Berns, which will be held Tuesday.
Private funeral services for actor Sam Berns, will be being held Tuesday.
Private services for Samp Berns, will be also be held Tuesday.
Private services for Samp Berns, which will be being held Tuesday.
Private funeral services for actor Sam Berns, which will be held Tuesday.
One of the three alleged co - defendants in a major bank fraud pleaded guilty.
One of three co - accused defendants in such a bank fraud case pleaded guilty.
One out of three alleged co - defendants in a bank loan fraud pleaded guilty.
One of the three co - defendants involved in a major bank fraud pleaded guilty.
One victim out of of three co - defendants in a bank fraud pleaded guilty.
A woman police constable also committed suicide.
A woman and police constable committed suicide.
A woman police constable also committed suicide.
A young - woman constable committed suicide.
A young woman and constable committed suicide.
A vapor mitigation system was installed at the nearby nearby West Cumberland Farms.
A vapor mitigation radar system also was also installed at the Cumberland Farms.
A vapor mitigation system system also was installed at both the Cumberland Farms.
A water vapor pollution and mitigation system was installed at the Cumberland Farms.
A vaporization mitigation system was installed also at all the Cumberland Farms.
Dimension Data has beefed up its already existing global cloud data centre portfolio.
Dimension Data has also beefed - up its own cloud data centre portfolio.
Dimension Data has more recently also beefed up its cloud data centre portfolio.
Dimension Data Group has beefed - up its cloud data - centre portfolio.
Dimension Data Group has beefed up its existing cloud data - centre portfolio.
Pointe Claires - Futures Electronics Ltd is pleased to offer a complete suite of new dual band Wiwi - Fi wireless modules from Redpine Signals.
Pointe Claires - Future Electronics Group is pleased to offer them a complete communications suite consisting of dual band Wi - Fi communication modules from Redpine Signals.
Pointe Claire - The Future of Consumer Electronics is pleased to offer a complete product suite of dual band Wi - - Fi modules from the Redpine Signals.
Pointe Claire - Future Electronics Group Ltd is pleased to offer them a complete suite of dual - band Wi - - Fi communication modules from Redpine Signals.
Pointe - Claire - Future Consumer Electronics Company is pleased to offer them a complete product suite of dual banded Wi - Fi modules from Redpine Signals.
North - Korea fired two more mid - range ballistic missiles down into the sea.
North Korea fired its two mid - - range ballistic missile missiles into the sea.
North Korea has also fired two more mid - range ballistic missiles into the sea.
North Korea fired its two mid - range ballistic missiles from deep into the sea.
North Korea also fired two mid - range guided Soviet ballistic missiles into the sea.
The Russian gold ruble fell to be almost a record low.
The average Russian ruble price also fell to a record low.
The Russian ruble also eventually fell to a world record low.
The Russian gold ruble fell to almost a world record low.
The Russian gold ruble eventually fell back to a record low.
The state judiciary and authorities would not hesitate to forcibly remove errant judges.
The judiciary, and authorities would not hesitate, to remove errant judges.
The local judiciary authorities however would not hesitate to forcibly remove errant judges.
The judiciary authorities would not hesitate trying to forcibly forcibly remove errant judges.
The judiciary and military authorities would not even hesitate to remove errant judges.
A young Jesse Jackson Jackson Jr., was sentenced up to 30 months in prison.
A young Jesse Jackson Jr. was sentenced posthumously to over 30 months imprisonment in prison.
A Jesse Jackson, Jr. was sentenced twice to serve 30 months time in prison.
A young Jesse Jackson Jr. was sentenced to only serve about 30 months in prison.
A Jesse Jackson Jr. was later also sentenced to serve 30 - months in prison.
Theresa de Villiers has been cleared of any possible wrongdoing with a lobbyist.
Theresa Villiers, has recently been cleared of wrongdoing along with a lobbyist.
Theresa de Villiers has been cleared of any wrongdoing with being a lobbyist.
Theresa Villiers has been not cleared of any wrongdoing associated with a lobbyist.
Theresa Villiers, has been officially cleared of wrongdoing with being a lobbyist.
Asian export markets ended.
Asian export markets ended.
Asian export markets ended.
Asian export markets ended.
Asian export markets ended.
Yankees'catching pitching prospect, Gary Sanchez isn't worried.
Yankees catching prospect, Yankees catcher Gary Sanchez isn't worried.
Yankees catching star prospect Gary Sanchez certainly, isn't worried.
Yankees'catching and pitching prospect Gary Sanchez isn't worried.
Yankees - catching pitching prospect Gary Sanchez certainly isn't worried.
Paducah police are asking for all the public's help in identifying as a young woman they suspected of stealing from a stolen cell phone.
Paducah police are also now asking for the public's help in correctly identifying a young woman suspected of stealing from a mobile cell phone.
Paducah police officers are asking police for the general public's help in identifying a woman suspected of allegedly allegedly stealing from a cell phone.
Paducah, County, police are asking for the general public's help in identifying a woman they suspected of allegedly stealing a cell phone.
Paducah police are also now asking for all the public's help in identifying a young woman suspected of allegedly stealing from a cell phone.
Kei Kamara has been granted back his new, Middlesbrough work permit.
Keiwa Kamara has been recently also granted his Middlesbrough work permit.
Kei - Kamara has been granted to back his Middlesbrough work permit.
Kei Kamara has also recently been granted his Middlesbrough City work permit.
Kei Kamara has not been officially granted back his Middlesbrough work permit.
A cat - fight is brewing among neighbors, in a nearby local historic district.
A cat fight is often seen as brewing among neighbors in a local historic district.
A cat fight is now brewing somewhere, among neighbors, in a historic district.
A local cat fight is still brewing up among its neighbors in a historic district.
A cat - fight is brewing among the two neighbors, in a historic district.
Two juveniles were also arrested were detained on burglary charges.
Two juveniles also were detained again on juvenile burglary charges.
Two juveniles were also detained on two minor burglary charges.
Two juveniles also were detained, on minor burglary charges.
Two other juveniles also arrested were detained on burglary charges.
Kaetlyn Osmond, who will visit Marystown.
Kaetlyn and Osmond will also visit Marystown.
Kaetlyn Osmond, will also visit Marystown.
Kaetlyn and Osmond will also visit Marystown.
Kaetlyn Osmond, will also visit Marystown.
Santander Province also has reduced rates.
Santander also now has reduced rates.
Santander also has slightly reduced rates.
Santander Province also has reduced rates.
Santander also has slightly reduced rates.
Robby Astorino announced his own candidacy online for governor.
Rob Astorino announced in his own candidacy announcement for governor.
Rob Astorino announced on Twitter about his candidacy for governor.
Rob Astorino announced his candidacy online and online for governor.
Rob Astorino also officially announced in his candidacy for governor.
Motor insurance premiums are too very high, requiring a review by which time the Competition Commission report has found.
Motor insurance company claims premiums are too very high, a review by which the Competitions Commission has found.
Motor insurance premiums often are too high, a recent government policy review by which the Competition Commission has found.
Motor vehicle insurance coverage premiums often are too high, a recent review by which the Competition Commission has found.
Motor vehicle insurance premiums often are too very high, a review by which the Australian Competition Commission has found.
Kristin Davis will also later make her West - End debut.
Kristin Davison will make her West - West End debut.
Kristin Davison will also make up her West End debut.
Kristin Davison will also make up her West End debut.
Kristin Davison will also make up her West End debut.
Jordanians should move further away away from unsustainable agriculture a report recommended.
Jordanians should move further away from unsustainable agriculture a UN report recommended.
Jordan should move further away away from unsustainable agricultural agriculture a report recommended.
Jordanians should move away from unsustainable agriculture a recent UN report recommended.
Jordan should also move away from unsustainable agricultural agriculture, a report recommended.
The Reserve Bank has also drastically - cut interest rates.
The Reserve Central Bank has also cut its interest rates.
The US Federal Reserve Bank has also cut interest rates.
The Reserve - Bank Central Bank has cut interest rates.
The US Federal Reserve Bank also has cut interest rates.
Minister Wilson also visited the Bermuda National Library.
Minister Wilson visited at the Bermuda National Library.
Minister visited the Royal Bermuda and National Library.
Minister visited at the Bermudan National Library.
Minister visited the Royal and Bermuda National Library.
The neglect inside led to being call the worst possible case scenario of neglect he's ever seen.
The smell inside led to call the worst possible case of neglect he's probably probably ever seen.
The inside led him to call the worst - case scenario of neglect he's probably ever seen.
The inside led him to being callously the single worst case of neglect he's ever seen.
The inside led to call the worst case scenario scenario of parental neglect that he's ever seen.
A single continuous SET of traffic lights in and near the centre of Worcester are not working.
A SET of traffic lights in the centre of city of south central Worcester are not working.
A new SET of traffic lights located in the centre of Worcester are also currently not working.
A SET of traffic - warning lights in the city centre of central Worcester are not working.
A single continuous SET of traffic lights set in near the centre of Worcester are not working.
ABC has up until today released its own midseason schedule.
ABC has until today officially not released its midseason schedule.
ABC Sports has until today released down its midseason schedule.
ABC has today also released its own weekly midseason schedule.
ABC has today released only half its own midseason schedule.
A Delaware cheese company has reportedly recalled 16 varieties, after some of the original cheeses were found being linked directly to a death and illnesses in newborns.
A Delaware company website has recalled 16 varieties after some of all the cheeses were found linked to causing both a premature death and illnesses resulting in newborns.
A small local Delaware company that has recalled 16 varieties after some parts of the cheeses produced there were linked to a death and illnesses resulting in newborns.
A Delaware company has since recently recalled all 16 varieties after discovering some of the original cheeses that allegedly were linked to a death and illnesses in newborns.
A Delaware company has recalled almost all 16 varieties after some samples of the cheeses were found linked to a premature death, and other illnesses in newborns.
Rooney also wanted him to not be buried in Hollywood.
Rooney wanted him to be buried still alive in Hollywood.
Rooney also wanted to be buried permanently buried in Hollywood.
Rooney had also always wanted to be buried in Hollywood.
Rooney also wanted him to be buried alive in Hollywood.
Bharti and Airtel appointed Anand Chandrasekaran as its new chief and product officer.
Bharti Airtel appointed Dr Anand Chandrasekaran as its its first chief product officer.
Bharti Airtel appointed Dr Anand Chandrasekaran as its its its chief product officer.
Bharti Airtel appointed Anand Chandrasekaran as its its its first chief product officer.
Bharti Airtel appointed, Anand Chandrasekaran, as its its chief product officer.
A man was charged twice with murder, on two counts each of attempted murder, and illegal drug trafficking.
A man was later also charged twice with murder, two on criminal counts of attempted murder and drug trafficking.
A young man, who was charged with attempted murder, and two counts of attempted murder and drug trafficking.
A third man also convicted was charged with murder, two other criminal counts of attempted murder and drug trafficking.
A man was charged with attempted murder, two criminal related counts which were of attempted murder and drug trafficking.
CanaDream has also purchased land located in downtown Balzac, Alberta.
CanaDream Group Limited, has purchased land in Balzac, Alberta.
CanaDream has also purchased land in the downtown Balzac, Alberta.
CanaDream has also recently purchased additional land in Balzac, Alberta.
CanaDream Property Group has also purchased land in Balzac, Alberta.
The Ford Sierra and Sierra Everest concept has been revealed.
The new Ford Everest concept concept car has been revealed.
The Ford Sierra Everest II concept car has been revealed.
The brand new 2012 Ford Everest concept has been revealed.
The brand new Ford Everest concept car has been revealed.
Sixteen other Lander University athletes also face underage drinking charges.
Six Lander University athletes face on both underage and drinking charges.
Six Lander University student athletes face only two underage drinking charges.
Six other Lander University athletes also face two underage drinking charges.
Six Lander University athletes face only two underage and drinking charges.
Police have broken up a local debit card and a fraud ring.
Police have also broken - up a debit card and fraud ring.
Police have broken up a debit - and credit card fraud ring.
Police have also broken up with a local debit card fraud ring.
Police have broken - up a large offshore debit card fraud ring.
Rakhi Sawant is going to contest in the elections 2018 from the Mumbai North - West constituency.
Rakhi Sawant is going to contest elections from in the Mumbai North South South - West constituency.
Rakhi Lal Sawant is going to contest election from in the Mumbai - North - West constituency.
Rakhi Lal Sawant is also going on to contest from the new Mumbai North - West constituency.
Rakhi Sawant Singh, is going on to contest from the new Mumbai North - West constituency.
Britney - Spears she found that helped her get all over Jason Trawick really fast.
Britney - Spears she found helped her get over Jason Trawick, and really fast.
Britney Spears found it and helped her get over Jason and Trawick, really fast.
Britney Spears found helped her to get over Jason and Jason Trawick, really fast.
Britney Spears found helped her to get over it to Jason and Trawick really fast.
Massachusetts, would become the second state in the nation still not allowed to ban fracking.
Massachusetts, would later become the second state in all the nation, to ban fracking.
Massachusetts would also become only the second state in all the nation to officially ban fracking.
Massachusetts would become the only second state in all the nation to officially officially ban fracking.
Massachusetts would become the second state still left in the nation not to officially ban fracking.
More than half all of Queensland now now faces a high fire danger.
More than one half of Queensland faces a very high potential fire danger.
More than than half of Queensland faces such a high - fire danger.
More than half that of northern Queensland now faces a high fire danger.
More than than half of Queensland faces a very high - fire danger.
Renee Ellmers has opposed military and military action in Syria.
Renee Van Ellmers opposed Israeli military action elsewhere in Syria.
Renee Ellmers, also has opposed military action in Syria.
Renee Ellmers also has opposed military military action in Syria.
Renee Ellmers has opposed military military action taken in Syria.
A WATER tower has been sold off for over US £ 64, 000.
A new WATER tower block has been sold off for £ 64, 000.
A WATER tower has been recently sold off for over £ 64, 000.
A WATER tower block has been sold off for over £ 64, 000.
A WATER FM radio tower has also been sold for £ 64, 000.
A possible third former MP has launched an unsuccessful attack on Kevin Rudd.
A fellow former MP has reportedly also launched an attack on Kevin Rudd.
A former British Labour MP has launched such an attack on Kevin Rudd.
A former MP has launched an attack directly based on Senator Kevin Rudd.
A former MP has also launched such an attack on Senator Kevin Rudd.
Four former major generals of all the Pakistan army have been promoted.
Four major generals of all the Pakistan army have also been promoted.
Four former senior major generals general of Pakistan army have been promoted.
Four major generals of Pakistan national army, have also been promoted.
Four other former senior major generals of Pakistan army have been promoted.
Facebook will let your friends almost always know you when you're not in close proximity.
Facebook will let all your friends know what you like when you're in close proximity.
Facebook will let your friends here almost always know when that you're in close proximity.
Facebook will probably only let all your friends know whence you're in close proximity.
Facebook will let your closest friends almost always always know when you're in close proximity.
Briana Lima faces charges immediately after assaulting.
Briana Lima also faces charges after assaulting.
Brian Lima faces criminal charges immediately after assaulting.
Briana Lima also faces charges after assaulting.
Briana Lima faces criminal charges after assaulting.
An elderly woman has been charged twice for allegedly using only her dog tags as a weapon.
An woman who has been charged for allegedly using her dog - tags as both a weapon.
An woman has been also charged, for allegedly illegally and using her dog as a weapon.
An unidentified woman has been charged for allegedly illegally using her dog tags as both a weapon.
An unidentified woman has been also been charged, for allegedly using her dog as a weapon.
Roger and Bernadina then signed on with the Philadelphia Phillies.
Roger Bernadina signed him with both the and Philadelphia Phillies.
Roger Bernadina signed him with, both the Philadelphia Phillies.
Roger and Bernadina signed on with both the Philadelphia Phillies.
Roger Bernadina signed with both of the and Philadelphia Phillies.
Three youths arrested were charged specifically for causing the damage caused to a police patrol car.
Three local youths were charged for causing damage to a local police and police patrol car.
Three local, black youths, were charged for causing damage to a police patrol car.
Three youths arrested were charged specifically for allegedly causing minor damage to a police patrol car.
Three youths arrested were charged for allegedly causing minor damage to a police department patrol car.
The Florida Departments Department of Health confirmed only one case of the Naegleria Fowleri.
The South Florida, State Department of Health confirmed only one case of Naegleria Fowleri.
The Florida Keys State University Department of Health has confirmed one case of Naegleria Fowleri.
The Florida Department of Health, has only confirmed one case report of Naegleria Fowleri.
The South Florida State Department of Health has confirmed one reported case of Naegleria Fowleri.
Target Corp., is offering some a year worth of consumer credit monitoring.
Target Corp. is also now offering some a half year of credit monitoring.
Target Corp. is currently offering some a second year of online credit monitoring.
Target Corp., is offering customers some a year of free credit monitoring.
Target Corp., is offering customers some a year worth of credit monitoring.
Redondo Beach Police are now also out searching, for a suspect.
Redondo South Beach Police are also searching, looking for a suspect.
Redondo Beach State Beach Police are searching, for, a suspect.
Redondo Beach City Police are also searching, looking for a suspect.
Redondo State Beach Police officers are also searching, for a suspect.
Pakistan, and India will resume their bilateral trade talks.
Pakistan, and India will also not resume trade talks.
Pakistan and the India will resume their bilateral trade talks.
Pakistan and India also will resume bilateral free trade talks.
Pakistan, and days later India will resume trade talks.
These instant texts of the loans no longer credit check are.
These instant texts are loans that have no credit check are.
These instantaneous texts for loans with no credit check are.
These are instant - texts loans with no credit check are.
These instant texts loans are no - longer credit check are.
A small hand grenade was found in the front of the the a motorcycle workshop.
A hand grenade was found in the front door of the ailing motorcycle workshop.
A hand - grenade was found lying in front door of the a motorcycle workshop.
A hand grenade was found in front door of garage of a local motorcycle workshop.
A hand - grenade was found in front of him in a local motorcycle workshop.
Rick Warren plans to return him back to filling the pulpit, for perhaps the first time since his son's suicide.
Rick Warren plans to return to the pulpit pulpit, for the first time ever, since his own son's suicide.
Rick Warren plans to return to the pulpit pulpit for perhaps the first time, and ever since his son's suicide.
Rick Warren plans to return to the old pulpit pulpit, publicly speaking for the first time since his son's suicide.
Rick Warren plans to personally return him to the pulpit for perhaps the first time since first discovering his son's suicide.
Corporation, today announced a supplier deal has been completed to fully implement a new holding company structure.
Corporation, has not today announced a supplier has completed work to implement such a holding company structure.
Corporation, today announced, that a supplier has been completed to fully implement a holding company structure.
Corporation, has today been officially announced a supplier has been completed to implement a holding company structure.
Corporation, today, announced that a supplier has completed to implement such a new holding company structure.
The James Earl Jones Clemens High - School baseball program will present Anime Evening Baseball with Sid Bream.
The James Clemens Senior High School boys baseball program, will also present An Athletic Evening with Sid Bream.
The James Clemens High School Golden Bears baseball program will also annually present, An Evening with Sid Bream.
The James Clemens High School Bears baseball team program, will present An Athletic Club Evening with Sid Bream.
The new Lieutenant - Governor James Clemens High - School baseball program will present An Evening with Sid Bream.
Hayden and Panettiere is not engaged on.
Hayden Panettiere who is not engaged on.
Hayden Panettiere she is now engaged on.
Hayden Panettiere, she is engaged on.
Hayden and Hayden Panettiere is engaged on.
A group consisting mainly of the students omitted all the words under God sayings the Pledge of Allegiance.
A group, consisting of students omitted the words of living under God saying the Pledges of Allegiance.
A group of students also omitted the words under the name God, instead saying the Pledge of Allegiance.
A small group of students also omitted the words living under God by saying the Pledges of Allegiance.
A group of students omitted the two words underlining the same God saying in the Pledge of Allegiance.
Bank of England governor, Sir Mark Carney said he still does not bring back a new bonus cap.
Bank of England governor Mark Anthony - Carney said that, he does however not back a bonus cap.
Bank of England governor, Sir Mark Carney said he still does not want bring back a bonus cap.
Bank of England governor, Mark - Anthony Carney said that he does therefore not back a bonus cap.
Bank of England governor, Mark Carney said that he does however don't back up a bonus cap.
We list out a few celebrity couples we would like to all go see as parents.
We list a celebrity couples we would all like everyone to go see together as parents.
We also also list a celebrity couples we all really would like to see as parents.
We list a celebrity and couples we would all really like to see together as parents.
We can list a celebrity couples that even though we would like to see as parents.
In 2012 alone, 500, 000 children were kept out of poverty only by the federal unemployment benefits, said American economist Harry Reid.
In March, 2012 alone, 500, 000 children were kept out because of extreme child poverty by unemployment benefits, said Harry Reid.
In 2012, alone, 500, 000 children were kept out of poverty by receiving unemployment insurance and benefits, " said Harry Reid.
In March 2012 alone, over 500, 000 children worldwide were being kept out out of poverty by unemployment benefits, said Harry Reid.
In 2012, alone, over 500, 000 children were kept getting out of poverty by not receiving unemployment benefits, said Harry Reid.
Dozens more of local hospitals are running themselves out of IV fluids.
Dozens of hospitals are now also running completely out of IV fluids.
Dozens more of the hospitals are running completely out of IV fluids.
Dozens of hospitals are now running completely out full of IV fluids.
Dozens more types of hospitals are now running out of IV fluids.
How to not scream for the help way.
How to not scream for the help way.
How hard to not scream for help way.
How hard to scream for the help way.
How hard to scream for the help way.
CA Technologies Corporation, has been named as a global leader in sustainability management software.
CA Technologies LLC has also been named a leader company in its sustainability management software.
CA Technologies has also been recently been named a leader in sustainability and management software.
CARE Technologies Corporation has been named as a leader in sustainability and management software.
CA Technologies has been named a global leader company worldwide in sustainability and management software.
I'm just... not a hater.
I'm just... not a hater.
I'm just... not a hater.
I most certainly'm not a hater.
I certainly'm not exactly a hater.
Hockey East India League will be the new beginning tournament held in the subtra - continent.
Hockey East India League will also be the new beginning tournament in the subtra - continent.
Hockey India League will be in the new beginning, in all the subtra - continent.
Hockey India Premier League will be considered as the new beginning tournament in the sub - continent.
Hockey India League 2018 will be held in the new beginning in the subtra - continent.
The PNC has been called to help take realistic steps to help ensure proper income tax collection.
The PNCC has called to help take realistic steps to help ensure proper income tax collection.
The PNC has also called Congress to take more - realistic steps to ensure proper tax collection.
The US PNC has been repeatedly called upon to take realistic steps to ensure proper tax collection.
The PNC has called Congress to take realistic legislative steps necessary to help ensure proper tax collection.
Joplin College helps students to prepare to pay forward in Moore.
Joplin students must then prepare to pay them forward in Moore.
Joplin students prepare themselves to help take pay forward in Moore.
Joplin students prepare themselves to take their pay forward in Moore.
Joplin students also must prepare to pay tuition forward in Moore.
US and scientists have decoded a new key molecular signaling gateway for the rat toxin that probably also causes botulism.
US and scientists have decoded this a potential key, molecular gateway protein for the toxin that also causes botulism.
US and other European scientists have decoded a new key molecular - gateway protein for the toxin that causes botulism.
US researchers and scientists have decoded this a key molecular signaling gateway protein for producing the toxin that causes botulism.
US and scientists worldwide have decoded a single key, a molecular gateway protein for the toxin that causes botulism.
Entecavir is also FDA approved specifically for medical use in young children aged 2 - years and older with hepatitis B virus infection.
Entecavir is approved for medical use in children aged 2 years and older, those with a hepatitis - B infectious virus infection.
Entecavir is approved specifically for medical use in young children aged 2 years old, and older suffering with hepatitis B virus infection.
Entecaviral is also approved for use in children, aged 2 years and slightly older with a suspected hepatitis B virus infection.
Entecavir is also approved for use in children, aged 2 years and slightly older, with a hepatitis B infectious virus infection.
Ryan de la Lochte has always said he just might have come back too soon.
Ryane de Lochte has said he might have come right back, too soon.
Ryan Lochte has probably always said he just might have come back way too soon.
Ryane de Lochte has said repeatedly that he might have come back too soon.
Ryan Lochter has said that maybe he might have come right back too soon.
Mauritius has been ranked in the first position for promotion of free - trade policies being implemented in Africa.
Mauritius has been ranked as in the very first African position, for promotion of trade relations in Africa.
Mauritius has also recently been ranked in the first global position for promotion of free trade relations in Africa.
Mauritius has also been ranked in as the very first position for promotion of free trade policies in Africa.
Mauritius has been consistently highly ranked, as in the first position for the promotion of trade in Africa.
Militant atheists should not get and accept Britain is still technically not a Christian nation.
Militant atheists should get together and accept Britain is not a truly genuinely Christian nation.
Militant atheists should get and accept that Britain itself is not a truly Christian nation.
Militant Christians and atheists should get and to accept Britain which is a Christian nation.
Militant and atheists should get and to accept Great Britain which is a Christian nation.
The Central European Union Parliament yesterday passed the EU Omnibus II directive.
The Central European Parliament just yesterday has passed the Omnibus II directive.
The European Parliament just as yesterday passed the EU Omnibus II directive.
The Central European European Parliament yesterday passed the Omnibus Part II directive.
The European Parliament yesterday passed almost - unanimously the Omnibus II directive.
Mike McLane also unsuccessfully filed for re - election.
Mike McLane filed unsuccessfully again for re - election.
Mike McLaney filed unsuccessfully for re - election.
Mikey and McLane filed for re - election.
Mike McLane also filed unsuccessfully for re - election.
Joe Kinnear has tried to also sign up a new player that has already plays for Newcastle.
Joe Kinnear has tried to also sign a player that has not already previously plays for Newcastle.
Joes Kinnear also has tried to sign a player that he already plays regularly for Newcastle.
Joe Kinnear has tried to sign a brand new player now that he already plays for Newcastle.
Joe Kinnear has tried to also help sign up a new player that already plays for Newcastle.
Where you guys can take your kids out to eat for free.
Where you take your kids to and to eat them for free.
Where else do you take your kids to eat here for free.
Where you take in all your kids and to eat for free.
Where do you take your kids out there to eat for free.
Rural Transportation / Metroland Transportation Corp. has filed for bankruptcy.
Rural / Metroland Transportation Corp. has since filed for bankruptcy.
Rural America / Metroland Corp., has filed for bankruptcy.
Rural / Metroland Corp., has filed again for bankruptcy.
Rural Communications / Metro Corp., has filed again for bankruptcy.
Governor Snyder County also has partially activated the entire state's Emergency Operations Center.
Governor Rick Snyder has partially activated of the state's Emergency Medical Operations Center.
Governor Rick Snyder also has partially activated the state's Emergency Medical Operations Center.
Governor Rick Snyder, also has partially activated the state's Emergency Operations Center.
Governor, Rick Snyder has partially activated the entire state's Emergency Operations Center.
A man was killed when the first mini - motorbike hit into a parked lorry.
A young man was killed the mini - motorbike and hit a nearby parked lorry.
A man who was killed also killed the mini - motorbike hit a parked lorry.
A man was also found killed when the mini - motorbike hit a parked lorry.
A man was killed the first time mini - motorbike hit a heavily parked lorry.
Five Sri Lankan fishermen were also seen being today repatriated.
Five Sri Sri - Lankan fishermen were also today repatriated.
Five Sri Lankan Royal Navy fishermen were also today repatriated.
Five Sri Lankan fishermen were also seen being today repatriated.
Five Sri - Lankan fishermen who died were today repatriated.
SOUTH Lanarkshire Council has NOT just about been followed and banned MTV.
SOUTH North Lanarkshire Council has however NOT followed and has banned MTV.
SOUTH Lanarkshire Council has NOT followed and it has also banned MTV.
SOUTH Lanarkshire Council has also NOT followed and it has banned MTV.
SOUTH Lanarkshire Council, has however NOT followed and has banned MTV.
A financial adviser has been repeatedly jailed for just over 16 months.
A former financial adviser has been jailed twice for over 16 months.
A financial services adviser, who has been jailed for 16 months.
A financial adviser has also been subsequently been jailed for 16 months.
A financial adviser has also been repeatedly jailed for over 16 months.
A masked black man had burglarized a Dollar General store in east Nashville.
A twenty second masked masked man burglarized a Dollar General in east Nashville.
A masked man burglarized him at a Dollar General in north east Nashville.
A masked masked man burglarized a Dollar Dollar Dollar General in east Nashville.
A masked masked man had burglarized a Dollar General store in east Nashville.
Joseph Musonda is currently not recuperating well recovering from the eye injury.
Joseph Musonda is recuperating well recovering from suffering from the eye injury.
Joseph Musondawa is recuperating well recovering from the traumatic eye injury.
Joseph Musonda is recuperating well from suffering complications from the eye injury.
Josepha Musondawa is recuperating well from suffering the eye injury.
Vikas Khemani, politician who expects a mass rally in the markets immediately ahead of elections.
Vikas Khemani, who expects a rally, in the markets, ahead time of elections.
Vikas, Khemani, expects for a rallying in the financial markets ahead of elections.
Vikas Khemani, expects for a large rally in the financial markets ahead time of elections.
Vikas Khemani, expects a mass rally in the financial markets ahead of time of elections.
Katie Piper then shows him off with her baby daughter.
Katie - Piper shows - - off her baby daughter.
Katie Piper shows - off her newfound baby daughter.
Katie - Piper then shows off with her baby daughter.
Katie - Piper shows - hands off her baby daughter.
His ticket ticket ticket to fulfill those dreams is an education.
His ticket after his ticket to those dreams is an education.
His ticket to continue successfully fulfilling those dreams is an education.
His ticket to those he never dreams, is an education.
His next only ticket to those dreams, is an education.
Justices also failed Trayvon Martin.
Justice failed again against Trayvon Martin.
Justices failed in Trayvon Martin.
Justices failed against Trayvon Martin.
Justices also failed Trayvon Martin.
The 2006 St. Joes Hazards girls'captured first place.
The St. Louis Joe Hazards girls'captured the first place.
The St. - Louis Joe Hazards girls'captured first place.
The St. Joes Hazards girls'team captured first place.
The 2006 Miss St. Joe Hazard girls'captured the first place.
A pregnant mother and daughter were later found dead sleeping together in a neighbor's home.
A mother and possibly her daughter, were later found dead in a neighbor's home.
A mother and daughter couple, were later found dead in a nearby neighbor's home.
A mother, and a daughter couple were found dead together in a neighbor's home.
A mother, and daughter, were later found dead together in a neighbor's home.
Goo - Goo - Dolls are performing their brand new single Come Back To Me on " The Late Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson tonight.
Goo Goo Dolls are performing their brand new hit new single Come To Me live on " The Late Late Show with Craigie Ferguson tonight.
Goo Goo Baby Baby Dolls are performing their new single Come Back To Me live on The Late Late Show with Craigie and Ferguson tonight.
Goo Goo Dolls are currently performing with their brand new hit single Come To See Me on The Late Late Show with Craig & Ferguson tonight.
Goo - Goo Dolls are performing " their new single Come To Me Come on Over " on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson tonight.
Russian police are investigating after seeing such a deadly bus crash.
Russian police forces are also investigating a potentially deadly bus crash.
Russian police are investigating about a potentially - deadly bus crash.
Russian police forces are investigating after a deadly school bus crash.
Russian police are investigating after a deadly school - bus crash.
Two other men were also wounded in South Side and West Side shootings.
Two dozen other men were wounded in the South and West Side shootings.
Two dozen other men were wounded in South and Upper West Side shootings.
Two men were also wounded in South and North West - Side shootings.
Two dozen other men were wounded in South Side and West Side shootings.
Police officers are also investigating a bank robbery that occurred in Glen - Hazel, Kentucky.
Police are also investigating allegations about a bank robbery that has occurred in Hazel, Kentucky.
Police are investigating for a more - recent bank robbery that occurred in Hazel, Kentucky.
Police are investigating for a bank robbery case, that has occurred in Hazel, Kentucky.
Police officers are investigating a bank robbery robbery that has occurred recently in Hazel, Kentucky.
Colbert Report will also replace Letterman.
Colbert Report will also replace Letterman.
Colbert News Report will replace Letterman.
Colbert Report will also replace Letterman.
Colbert will also not replace Letterman.
The good looking ones who are miserably taken.
The good ones, are all miserably taken.
The only really good ones are miserably taken.
The really good ones are all miserably taken.
The good ones are all so miserably taken.
A Belfast boxer Brian Michael Magee is currently serving a UK drugs ban.
A Belfast based boxer named Brian Mageen is serving a drugs ban.
A Belfast boxer Brian Michael Magee is currently also serving a drugs ban.
A Belfast based boxer Brian Mageen is serving a UK drugs ban.
A West Belfast boxer named Brian Patrick Magee is serving a drugs ban.
A broad public education provides opportunities equally available for every child.
A broad public education provides educational opportunities equally for every child.
A very broad education system provides opportunities equally for every child.
A very broad public education system provides opportunities for every child.
A broad education provides opportunities available for almost practically every child.
A multi - vehicle crash tied him up in the far northeast corner of Kansas City City City City's downtown loop.
A multi - motor - vehicle crash tied him up in the far northeast corner area of Kansas City's downtown loop.
A multi - vehicle vehicle crash tied up in at the northeast corner area of downtown, Kansas City's downtown loop.
A major, multi - vehicle, traffic crash tied up in the northeast corner area of Kansas City's downtown loop.
A multi - vehicle crash was tied up in the northeast southwest corner of downtown Kansas City's historic downtown downtown loop.
Nexsana has licensed the Truenames brand patents from PersonalWeb.
Nexsan has also recently successfully licensed the Truename patents from PersonalWeb.
Nexsan has licensed all of the Truename patents, from PersonalWeb.
Nexsan has also licensed the other two Truename patents from PersonalWeb.
Nexsan has licensed the two other Truenames patents from PersonalWeb.
Israel also launched with the Israeli Ofek 10 spy satellite.
Israel launched using the Israeli Ofek 10m spy satellite.
Israel launched the Ofek - 10 an Israeli spy satellite.
Israel launched it using the Ofek - 10 spy satellite.
Israel was launched with the first Ofek 10 spy satellite.
Congress itself has today reclassified the Mississippi River Delta as a planet.
Congress has not today reclassified the lower Mississippi River as a planet.
Congress today reclassified the entire Mississippi River River System as a planet.
Congress has today officially reclassified the Mississippi River River as a planet.
Congress today has reclassified the Mississippi River Delta as being a planet.
A former bouncer was jailed after he admitted to repeatedly repeatedly punching a young black Jamaican woman in the face.
A former bouncer was jailed after he had admitted himself guilty to punching a woman, repeatedly in the face.
A third former club bouncer was also jailed after admitting he admitted to physically punching a woman in the face.
A former bouncer was also briefly jailed after he allegedly admitted to punching a young woman repeatedly in the face.
A former club bouncer was also jailed, after which he allegedly admitted to punching a woman in the face.
A salon - owner is reportedly also planning to hold a fundraiser for Colleen Ritzer.
A salon is also currently planning to also help hold a fundraiser for Colleen Ritzer.
A salon is also planning to also hold a fundraiser for actress, Colleen Ritzer.
A salon is planning to someday also hold such a fundraiser event for Colleen Ritzer.
A salon owner is planning recently to hold a fundraiser and event for Colleen Ritzer.
The new Seattle Seahawks will be patient with quarterback, Percy Harvin, as Pete Carroll continues.
The new Seattle Seahawks will be patient, with Percy Harving continuing as Pete Carroll continues.
The Seattle Seahawks will be more patient with Percy and John Harvin as coach Pete Carroll continues.
The Seattle - Seahawks will be patient again, with Percy Harvin, as Pete Carroll continues.
The Seattle Seahawks fans today will be patient with Percy Harvin as Coach Petey Carroll continues.
A housekeeper ate a pot brownie pie that was already left and ended up checking in at half the hospital.
A housekeeper ate a big - pot brownie that only was left and then ended up in at the hospital.
A housekeeper, who ate a pot brownie and that was left and ended up back home in the hospital.
A brand new housekeeper, who ate from a pot brownie that was left and ended up in the hospital.
A housekeeper ate a pot of brownie that only about half was left and ended up up in the hospital.
Fresno Fresno State is looking at more major changes, based on its kickoff cover team.
Fresno : The Golden State is looking at more changes on using its kickoff cover team.
Fresno State is looking at more major changes based on both its kickoff and cover team.
Fresno Fresno State is looking at more changes on using of of its kickoff cover team.
Fresno State is currently looking at more changes on its kickoff returner and cover team.
Ford Canadian Motor Sport Car Co. will build its redesigned Edge crossover at its assembly line plant near Toronto.
Ford Motor Co. will also build its redesigned Ford Edge crossover SUVs at at its plant near Toronto.
Ford Motor Co., will also build its redesigned Edge crossover at at least its plant location near Toronto.
Ford Canadian Motor Co. will build cars based on its redesigned Ford Edge crossover at its plant near Toronto.
Ford Canadian Motor Co. will build its very own redesigned Edgewood sports crossover at its plant near Toronto.
Wayne Rooney faces yet a very late season fitness test.
Wayne Rooney, also faces a late season fitness test.
Wayne Rooney also faces injury in a late fitness test.
Wayne Rooney faces a very very very late fitness test.
Wayne Rooney also faces in a very late fitness test.
Benigno Aquino III then left for Cuba for South Korea.
Benigno Cardinal Aquino III then left Italy for South Korea.
Benigno Aquino III III III left for the South Korea.
Benigno Aquino III Aquino III III left for South Korea.
Benigno Aquino III then left Manila for the South Korea.
A Bosnian court has announced the immediate immediate release of all the remaining 10 men jailed for war crime.
A Bosnian court has announced on the release to date of the 10 men jailed abroad for war crime.
A Bosnian court has also officially announced the immediate release date of 10 Bosnian men jailed for war crime.
A Bosnian court judge has announced bail on the recent release of 10 men jailed abroad for war crime.
A Bosnian court has also announced on the release of the 10 men jailed there for the war crime.
Japan has unveiled its biggest nuclear warship program since World War II.
Japan unveiled it its biggest warship display since before World War II.
Japan has unveiled its biggest warship since just before World War II.
Japan unveiled it its biggest warship display since before World War II.
Japan has also unveiled its biggest warship design since World War II.
Oklahoma - City musician Graham Colton has changed in playing his game.
Oklahoma City Music - City musician Graham Colton has changed his game.
Oklahoma City musician Grahame Greene says Colton has changed his game.
Oklahoma City blues musician Grahame Colton has not changed his game.
Oklahoma - City - City musician Graham Colton has changed his game.
The Minnesota Minnesota - Wild have demoted Swedish forward Johan Gustafsson and recalled Darcy Kuemper.
The expansion Minnesota Wild would also have demoted Johan Gustafsson and then recalled Darcy Kuemper.
The expansion Minnesota Wild have also demoted Johan Erik Gustafsson, and recalled Darcy Kuemper.
The Minnesota Wilds have demoted Johan Erik Gustafsson and they have recalled Darcy Kuemper.
The expansion NHL franchise Minnesota Wild would have demoted Johan Gustafsson and recalled Darcy Kuemper.
Golds rose again for only the third straight day.
Golds finally rose for the very third straight day.
Gold had rose for only the very third straight day.
Gold rose again, for only the third straight day.
Gold rose again for the third - longest straight day.
Scunthorpe extended it out their unbeaten run.
Scunthorpe United extended out their unbeaten run.
Scunthorpe United extended their long unbeaten run.
Scunthorpe extended out on their unbeaten run.
Scunthorpe United have extended their unbeaten run.
A western Indiana area resident has died because of the West Nile virus.
A western Indiana resident has died because of West - Nile Nile virus.
A former North western Indiana resident has recently died of West Nile virus.
A westernmost, Indiana resident has died of the West Nile virus.
A western Indiana - area resident who has died of West Nile virus.
Erick Wedgeworth told the Seattle Mariners Mariners he will not even return next season.
Eric Wedge told the Seattle Mariners he still will not officially return home until next season.
Eric Wedge told of leaving the Seattle Mariners he still said will not return next season.
Erick Wedge told of the Seattle Mariners he still will not officially return next season.
Eric Wedge told the Seattle Mariners and Mariners he will probably not even return next season.
A man was arrested for allegedly selling a pound of black meth powder, to undercover officer.
A man who was arrested for allegedly selling a pound of blackened meth to undercover officer.
A man was later arrested for allegedly selling a half pound of meth cocaine to undercover officer.
A man was also later arrested for allegedly selling a single pound of meth to undercover officer.
A man who was arrested for allegedly selling a half pound of meth to an undercover officer.
Ethanol's price discounts to gasoline widened after when the Western US reported production rose.
Ethanol's discounts to gasoline widened after the US reported reports that its production rose.
Ethanol's price discount to gasoline widened after which the average annual US reported production rose.
Ethanol's discount to imported gasoline widened considerably after when the US reported that production rose.
Ethanol's discount to gasoline sales was widened after which the US government reported production rose.
A local, volunteer electrician has died in a accident.
A young electrician has just died accidentally in a accident.
A local electrician has died recently in following a accident.
A electrician, who has recently died in a accident.
A local electrician has died recently, in a accident.
Kendrick knew Lamare wasn't too nervous he met with Dre.
Kendrick Lamare wasn't too nervous he had met with Dre.
Kendrick Lamar wasn't too nervous he met up again with Dre.
Kendrick Lamar wasn't feeling too nervous he met up with Dre.
Kendrick also knew Lamar wasn't too nervous he met with Dre.
Police have intensified in the search, for the main murder suspect believed to also have murdered a mother and her other three daughters.
Police have intensified on the search efforts for the suspect, believed to have murdered by both being a mother and her three daughters.
Police have intensified the search and efforts search for what the suspect believed to be possibly have murdered a mother and her three daughters.
Police would have intensified the search for the suspect, being believed to have murdered both of a mother and also her three daughters.
Police'investigations have intensified on the search for what the suspect believed to have murdered both a mother, and her three daughters.
You were the little, little girl that nobody wanted.
You were like... the little - girl nobody wanted.
You were the little little little girl that nobody wanted.
You were just the little, little girl nobody wanted.
You were the one little, little girl nobody wanted.
The Red Lion team clinched a second playoff playoff berth.
The Lion team clinched a automatic second round playoff berth.
The Lion team also clinched them a second playoff berth.
The Lion team clinched them a two second playoff berth.
The Lady Lion - Red team clinched a playoff berth.
Agents also uncovered an inactive meth lab at near a Fort Fort Peck Mill camper.
Agents also have uncovered an apparently inactive meth lab located at a Fort Mill camper.
Agents uncovered an apparently inactive human body and meth lab at a Fort Mill camper.
Agents also uncovered an apparently inactive meth lab at a Fort Fort Peck Mill camper.
Agents uncovered an inactive meth lab at near a Fort Peck County Paper Mill camper.
Saina Nehwal has a good enough chance of ever again winning at the Junior World Championships.
Saina Nehwal has a very good chance here, of winning at least the World Championships.
Saina Nehwal has a very good chance, of winning medals at the Junior World Championships.
Saina Nehwal has a very very good chance of ever winning at all the World Championships.
Saina Nehwal has a very good first place and chance of winning at the World Championships.
A North Korean naval boat patrol boat had crossed the then recently disputed Yellow Sea boundary, a South Korean official said.
A North Korean naval patrol boat crossed over the disputed Yellow Sea boundary, a South - Korean senior military official said.
A North - Korean naval boat crossed the then recently disputed Yellow Sea maritime maritime boundary, a South Korean official said.
A North - Korean Navy naval boat crossed the recently disputed Yellow Sea Sea boundary, a South Korean military official said.
A North Korean Royal Navy naval boat crossed over the disputed Yellow Sea boundary, a senior South Korean military official said.
PanTerra Networks has also announced SmartBox.
PanTerra Global Networks also announced SmartBox.
PanTerra - Global Networks announced SmartBox.
PanTerra Networks has also announced SmartBox.
PanTerra Global Networks also announced SmartBox.
Sellafield College is celebrating with its own employee safety record.
Sellafield is celebrating with its own employee employee safety record.
Sellafield is celebrating its very own employee - safety record.
Sellafield is celebrating its own unique employee and safety record.
Sellafield is currently celebrating breaking its own employee safety record.
Steve makes Bellone surprised by announcing publicly, that he will seek a second term.
Steve makes Bellone surprised by announcing he himself will not seek out a second term.
Steve Bellone surprised by him announcing he believes himself will seek out a second term.
Steve makes Mayor Bellone surprised by announcing he believes himself will seek a second term.
Steve Bellone surprised by him announcing publicly that he will seek a possible second term.
Garth Brooks ultimately prevailed, in his $ 226, 000 lawsuit, against a former former employee.
Garth Brooks ultimately prevailed, in particular his $ $ 226, 000 lawsuit against a former employee.
Garth Brooks prevailed in settling on his $ $ 226, 000 lawsuit against being a former employee.
Garth Brooks prevailed, in his $ 226, 000 000 lawsuit against a single former former employee.
Garth Brooks prevailed in settling his $ $ 226, 000 lawsuit against a former or former employee.
Everyone in Norway eventually also became a millionaire.
Everyone born in Northern Norway became a millionaire.
Everyone else in Norway became such a millionaire.
Everyone in Norway eventually became such a millionaire.
Everyone in Norway instantly became such a millionaire.
The provisioning of gas supply to domestic gas consumers, is a top priority.
The provisioning of gas for supply to domestic consumers, is a top priority.
The efficient provision of gas supply to the domestic consumers, is the top priority.
The more efficient provision of gas for supply to domestic consumers is a top priority.
The efficient energy efficient provision of natural gas supply to domestic consumers is top priority.
Golfers have made history.
Golfers have made history.
Golfers have made history.
Golfers have made history.
Golfers have made history.
DMV.. us. org. is not going to ask customers to review their services.
DMV. us.. org. is going to ask customers how to review their services.
DMV. us. org, is going to ask its customers how to review their services.
DMV. us. org, is going on to ask customers to regularly review their services.
DMV. us. org is going to also periodically ask customers to review all their services.
Stocks slipped significantly for the record third - consecutive day.
Stocks had slipped for only the record third consecutive day.
Stocks had slipped again for the record third consecutive day.
Stocks slipped for the third consecutive non - consecutive day.
Stocks had slipped for the record third - consecutive day.
Idris of Elba has also welcomed in a boy named Winston.
Idris Elbak has welcomed a handsome young boy named Winston.
Idris Elba has welcomed a young boy, also named Winston.
Idris of Elbak has welcomed in a boy named Winston.
Idris Elba has welcomed a young humanoid boy named Winston.
Japan is ready now to share all its experience in both the prevention of and the elimination of emergency situations.
Japan is now getting ready to share its experience in the prevention of of and elimination of such emergency situations.
Japan is now ready to share its experience in both the effective prevention of and the elimination of emergency situations.
Japan Army is ready now to share all its experience in the effective prevention and elimination of such emergency situations.
Japan is ready to share its experience worldwide worldwide, in the prevention and the effective elimination of emergency situations.
A South - Central Philadelphia store owner was robbed and allegedly sexually assaulted in the front of her child.
A South Philadelphia store owner, was robbed and assaulted in front of, the home of her child.
A local South Philadelphia store - owner was robbed of and assaulted in the very front of her child.
A local South Philadelphia store owner, was allegedly sexually robbed and sexually assaulted in front of her child.
A South Philadelphia grocery store owner was allegedly robbed and assaulted twice in at the front of her child.
Concurrent will also showcase all its software solutions for every home video screen at the 2013 International IBC Exhibition 17.
Concurrent will showcase software solutions for every video screen at the the event the 2013 - IBC International Exhibition 17.
Concurrent will showcase its latest software and solutions, for every video screen display at the 2013 IBC Exhibition 17.
Concurrents will showcase software solutions available online for almost every video screen at the 2013 IBC International Exhibition 17.
Concurrent will showcase its software solutions for every home video screen screen at the March 2013 International IBC Exhibition 17.
Arcade Fire has also recently guest scored the Spike Jonze film.
Arcade - Fire has also also scored the Spike Jonze film.
Arcade - Fire has also scored the Spike and Jonze film.
Arcade - Fire has since also scored the Spike Jonze film.
Arcade Fire has also scored the first ever Spike Jonze film.
Data depends on who drives the electric cars.
Data on anyone else who drives electric cars.
Data depends on who drives the electric cars.
Data on who drives the two electric cars.
Data here is on who drives electric cars.
FedEx has also expanded its existing SenseAware network.
FedEx has since also expanded its SenseAware network.
FedEx has also expanded into its SenseAware network.
FedEx has since also expanded its SenseAware network.
FedEx also has recently expanded its SenseAware network.
The young girl who was later hit by a passing, nearby school bus remained in extremely critical condition.
The girl, who was hit repeatedly by a school bus remained there in an extremely - critical condition.
The girl, who was hit, by such a large school bus, remained in extremely critical condition.
The girl who later was accidentally hit by a nearby school - bus bus remained in extremely critical condition.
The girl who was being hit repeatedly by a school bus, remained left in extremely - critical condition.
A Morrisville woman faces criminal charges, after admitting she bit an doctor.
A Morrisville woman faces charges, especially after she accidentally bit an doctor.
A Morrisville woman faces criminal charges after admitting she bit off an doctor.
A young Morrisville woman faces charges immediately after she bit down an doctor.
A Morrisville woman, also faces charges, after she bit an doctor.
Khartoum and Cairo both have agreed on opening up a new front page in improving their relations.
Khartoum, and Cairo have agreed on opening a brand new Facebook page early in their relations.
Khartoum and in the Greater Cairo region have agreed on opening a new page in their relations.
Khartoum, and Cairo both have agreed on opening a new Facebook page early in their relations.
Khartoum and Cairo both have agreed on the opening of a new pager in their relations.
An Iranian accountability court has also reopened references filed against Asif Ali Zardari.
An Iranian government accountability court investigation has reopened references against Asif Ali Zardari.
An accountability court has reopened the references case against Asif and Ali Zardari.
An accountability court has reopened the references filed against Syed Asif Ali Zardari.
An accountability law court investigation also has reopened references against Asif Ali Zardari.
Rahula Gandhi pledged support to the indigenous tribal people people of Jharkhand.
Rahul Gandhi pledged support to both the tribal and tribal people of Jharkhand.
Rahul Gandhi pledged support, especially, to the tribal people of Jharkhand.
Rahul Gandhi pledged support to almost half all the tribal people of Jharkhand.
Rahul Gandhi also pledged support to the indigenous tribal peoples of Jharkhand.
Adama Levine, was engaged.
Adama Levine himself was engaged.
Adam Levine himself, was engaged.
Adama Levine himself was engaged.
Adama Levine, was engaged.
Majesticare has since sold off all seven of the its care homes.
Majesticare Homes has sold off seven of the of its care homes.
Majesticare has since sold out seven of the its child care homes.
Majesticare has since sold seven - percent of the its care homes.
Majesticare has sold seven percent of the last of its care homes.
A Palestinian was martyred, and three or dozens of others were seriously injured, one is, killed during clashes in Jenin Camp today.
A Palestinian soldier killed was martyred and another three others were injured, one that still is, during the clashes in Jenin Camp today.
A third Palestinian was martyred and another three others were injured, only one is, killed during clashes in Jenin Air Base Camp today.
A Palestinian was martyred, and three dozen others were seriously injured, one is, during all the clashes held in Jenin Camp today.
A Palestinian soldier was martyred and over three hundred others were seriously injured, one that is, during the clashes in Jenin Camp today.
NBA Luol Deng has since also been traded by the Chicago Red - Bulls and to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
NBA Luol Deng has been recently been traded away by the expansion Chicago Bulls to the expansion Cleveland Cavaliers.
NBA Luolu Deng has been traded by the Chicago Red Bulls, to join the expansion Cleveland Cavaliers.
NBA player Luol Deng has also been recently traded by both the Chicago Bulls and to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
NBA Luol Deng, has also been recently traded by the expansion Chicago Red Bulls to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Heather Millson has issued a new standard set of conditions for interviews.
Heather Mills has issued a new set list list of conditions for interviews.
Heather - Ann Mills has been issued a set of conditions for interviews.
Heather - Mills has issued her a set of special conditions for interviews.
Heather Mills has also issued a new set of working conditions for interviews.
The official nomination papers submitted of 22 presidential candidates NA - 48 have been accepted.
The official nomination papers and list of 22 candidates NA - 48 have been accepted.
The nomination papers of 22 candidates running unopposed for NA - 48 have been accepted.
The official nomination papers of 22 presidential candidate candidates NA - 48 have been accepted.
The final nomination acceptance papers of 22 candidate candidates NA - 48 have been accepted.
Carlton stole through into reaching the AFL finals.
Carlton then stole into the 2010 AFL finals.
Carlton stole through going into the AFL finals.
Carlton stole into winning the 2011 AFL finals.
Carlton then stole through into the AFL finals.
Baidu Inc. would take a 59 % stake in the Nuomi for only approximately US $ 160 million.
Baidu Inc. would take a 59 % stakeholding stake in the Nuomi for $ US 160 million.
Baidu, Inc. would take a 595 % ownership stake in Nuomi Corporation for $ 160 million.
Baidu, Inc., would take over a remaining 59 % stake in Nuomi for $ 160 million.
Baidu Inc. would take a 596 % minority ownership stakeholding in Nuomi for $ 160 million.
That was probably hidden inside a backpack that was stolen from outside doors of a Greensboro store.
That was inside something of a backpack, that was stolen yesterday from outside a Greensboro store.
That one was inside a small backpack that apparently was stolen yesterday from outside a Greensboro store.
That one was inside of a backpack that I was stolen from just outside a Greensboro store.
That was inside a very small backpack that was stolen from outside of a downtown Greensboro store.
Angela von Merkel has fractured in her pelvis.
Angela von der Merkel has fractured her pelvis.
Angela Merkelbach has also fractured her pelvis.
Angela Merkel has also fractured in her pelvis.
Angela von der Merkel has fractured her pelvis.
France Police has also charged a former Rwandan genocide suspect.
France has charged a former ethnic Rwandan as genocide suspect.
France Police has recently also charged a Rwandan genocide suspect.
France Police has charged a Rwandan as a genocide suspect.
France Police has also previously charged a Rwandan genocide suspect.
The police have announced plans calling for the reopening of the Tetralna subway railway station in Kyiv.
The police also have announced for them the reopening of the Tetralna subway railway station in Kyiv.
The police have announced the reopening of the former Tetralna metro subway railway railway station in Kyiv.
The Ukrainian police have also recently announced the reopening of the former Tetralna subway station in Kyiv.
The police have announced for the reopening of of only half the Tetralna subway station in Kyiv.
An opposition Islamist party has vowed to deepen down the role of radicalized Islamists in independent Bangladesh to avenge the execution of a former party leader.
An Islamist political party has vowed to deepen the historical role of Islam in modern Bangladesh to help them avenge the brutal executions of a party leader.
An Islamist party has vowed to deepen down debate on the roles of Islamists in independent Bangladesh and to avenge the execution of a party leader.
An Islamist political party has been also vowed to deepen the role of radical Islam in Bangladesh and to help avenge the brutal execution of a party leader.
An Islamist party leader has vowed not to deepen - down the role of Islamists present in Bangladesh to avenge the execution of a former party leader.
Israeli settlements will also face political pressure, which workers inspects.
Israeli refugee settlements also often face pressure, which workers inspects.
Israeli settlements may sometimes also face pressure, which workers inspects.
Israeli settlements will also likely face political pressure, workers inspects.
Israeli Palestinian and refugee settlements also face pressure, workers inspects.
Tonic Harp pitched for a budget.
Toni Harpo pitched for a budget.
Tonic Harp pitched for a budget.
Tonic Harp pitched for a budget.
Toni and Harpo pitched a budget.
Obama warned using US military - force intervention to gain power in South - Sudan could cost.
Obama warned using US military force to help gain more power in South Sudan it could cost.
Obama warned using US military - force to gain power elsewhere in the South Sudan could cost.
Obama warned using military force to gain political power in South Sudan - Sudan it could cost.
Obama warned using military force alone to help gain power elsewhere in South Sudan it could cost.
Japan pledged support for huge spending cuts.
Japan pledged support for huge spending cuts.
Japan government has pledged huge spending cuts.
Japan pledged to huge government spending cuts.
Japan pledged huge government direct spending cuts.
Axis Bank Axis Bank may also move upto Rs 1360.
Axis Bank Bank may move upto Rs. Rs 1360.
Axis Bank may also move it upto Rs Rs 1360.
Axis Bank Bank may be also move upto Rs 1360.
Axis Investment Bank loan may also move upto Rs 1360.
Esteban de Toledo won the 1956 Montreal Championship.
Esteban de Toledo won also the Montreal Championship.
Esteban López de Toledo won the Montreal Championship.
Esteban Toledo won the 1956 NHL Montreal Championship.
Esteban Toledo also later won the Montreal Championship.
A real - estate agent has had half his driving licence stripped.
A local commercial real estate agent has also had his licence stripped.
A real - estate agent has also had his driving licence stripped.
A local real estate development agent has had his driving licence stripped.
A former local commercial real estate agent has had his licence stripped.
Spain also has urged Venezuela to respect its human rights.
Spain urged Venezuela to more fully respect its human rights.
Spain urged Venezuelaans to always respect its human rights.
Spain has urged Venezuela to always fully respect human rights.
Spain urged for Greater Venezuela to respect its human rights.
The White House bill will also require insurers to cover their care for their mental health.
The White House will require insurers to not only cover health - care for mental health.
The Obama White House will require insurers to cover care costs already incurred for mental health.
The White House budget bill will also explicitly require insurers to cover care for mental health.
The Obama White House will also require health insurers to cover care costs for mental health.
An unnamed attorney for Ramis has also said the actor died.
An attorney working for Isaac Ramis said that the actor died.
An unnamed attorney for Michael Ramis said the lead actor died.
An attorney working for Isaac Ramis said that the actor died.
An unnamed attorney also working for Ramis said the actor died.
Salman Khan provided a special comfort zone to the Drashti Dhami Madhubala.
Salman Khan also provided a comfort zone dedicated to Drashti Dhami Madhubala.
Salman Khan provided comfort - zone facilities to Drashti and Dhami Madhubala.
Salman Khan provided him a comfort zone to the Drashti Dhami Madhubala.
Salman Khan provided comfort - - free zone to Drashti Dhami Madhubala.
Typhoon Haiyan slammed down into the northern Vietnam.
Typhoon Haiyan then slammed into far northern Vietnam.
Typhoon Typhoon Typhoon Haiyan slammed into northern Vietnam.
Typhoon Typhoon Haiyan then slammed into northern Vietnam.
Typhoon Haiyan then slammed down into northern Vietnam.
Asian stocks were pared for early losses.
Asian oil company stocks pared early losses.
Asian oil stocks were pared early losses.
Asian oil stocks were pared early losses.
Asian stocks were pared down early losses.
Nicole Nicole Kidman then went topless.
Nicole and Nicole Kidman went topless.
Nicole Nicole Kidman then went topless.
Nicole Kidman, then went topless.
Nicole Kidman then suddenly went topless.
The then UK Supreme Court confirmed Scientology is still not a religion.
The UK Supreme Court Court has confirmed that Scientology is a religion.
The UK Federal Supreme Court has not confirmed Scientology is a religion.
The UK Supreme Court has not confirmed that Scientology is a religion.
The UK Supreme Court confirmed Scientology is still not actually a religion.
Vertxx is proud to officially officially announce a partnership with Dakota Meyer.
Vertx is proud to announce a new partnership agreement with CEO Dakota Meyer.
Vertx is proud enough now to announce a new partnership with Dakota Meyer.
Vertx is also proud enough to announce a partnership agreement with Dakota Meyer.
Vertx is proud enough to officially announce such a partnership with Dakota Meyer.
A divorced, British mother who has been hacked to death.
A British mother has also been brutally hacked almost to death.
A former single British mother has also been hacked to death.
A single elderly British mother has been brutally hacked to death.
A British mother has been brutally - hacked almost to death.
Cox Communications Group is moving jobs away away from Oklahoma City.
Cox Communications Group is moving their jobs away from Oklahoma City.
Cox Communications Media Group is also moving jobs from Oklahoma City.
Cox Communications is now also moving their jobs from Oklahoma City.
Cox Communications is moving into their new jobs from Oklahoma City.
Accra, Ghana will host competition at the Glasgow 2014 International Queen's Baton Relay.
Accra, Ghana will also be host the Glasgow International 2014 Queen's Baton Relay.
Accra, Ghana will also host the inaugural Glasgow 2014 Queen's International Baton Relay.
Accra, Ghana, will host the Glasgow 2014 International Swimming Queen's Baton Relay.
Accra, Ghana, will host at the Glasgow 2014 Queen's International Baton Relay.
Action, that is in his blood.
Action is written in with his blood.
Action is inhaling of his blood.
Action that is written in his blood.
Actions is written in his blood.
Govt. should cap local natural gas prices.
Govt. should cap local natural gas prices.
Govt should cap the local natural gas prices.
Govt should also cap local natural gas prices.
Govt should cap on the local gas prices.
Law - based enforcement agencies will also join together in a coordinated effort to crack down on texting while driving.
Law - enforcement agencies will join in a coordinated effort to crack the police downs on texting while driving.
Law enforcement agencies will join in a effort to crack - all down laws - on texting people while driving.
Law enforcement agencies will join together in creating a coordinated effort to crack down on people for texting while driving.
Law law law law - enforcement agencies will join in a effort to crack police down on texting while driving.
Indian toll roads have proved to be killers, often demanding immediate and remedial action.
Indian roads have been proved to to not be killers demanding an immediate remedial action.
Indian state toll roads have proved to be killers, even demanding immediate remedial action.
Indian roads have proved to also be serial killers, demanding immediate and remedial action.
Indian government toll roads have proved to be killers, demanding immediate and remedial action.
The only gravity - based platform has.
The gravity - - based platform has.
The gravity based air transport platform has.
The gravity based air transport platform has.
The gravity - based transport platform has.
Novak and Djokovic beat Rafael and Nadal again.
Novak Djokovic beat defending champion Rafael Nadal again.
Novak Djokovic then would beat Rafael Nadal again.
Novak and Djokovic beat champion Rafael Nadal again.
Novak Djokovic beat champion Rafael Rafael Nadal again.
Meghna and Naidu will enter with Jodha Akbar.
Meghna Naidu who also will enter Jodha Akbar.
Meghna and Naidu will enter as Jodha Akbar.
Meghna Naidu will enter as Miss Jodha Akbar.
Meghna Naidu, who will enter Jodha Akbar.
Cartoon Network Cartoon Network is celebrating in its first 20 year as the number - one children's channel in Asia Pacific.
Cartoon Network is celebrating its 20 - year anniversary as being the number one selling digital children's channel in Asia Pacific.
Cartoon Network is celebrating in its 20 year history, as the second number one selling children's channel in Asia Pacific.
Cartoon Network is celebrating in its first 20 year as the second number one selling children's television channel in Asia Pacific.
Cartoon Network is currently celebrating its 20 year as the new global number one children's cable television channel in Asia Pacific.
Anaheim Ducks'captain, Ryan Getzlaf is also nearing a return.
Anaheim Mighty Ducks captain, Ryan Van Getzlaf is nearing a return.
Anaheim Ducks'captain, Ryan Getzlaf is nearing making a return.
Anaheim Ducks captain Ryan Vanderpool Getzlaf is nearing a return.
Anaheim and Mighty Ducks captain Ryan Getzlafner is nearing a return.
Think as though it it really is now : a criminal organization masquerading as a political party.
Think as it is now : a criminal terrorist organization masquerading as a top secret political party.
Think as though it it really is now : a criminal organization masquerading as a political party.
Think as if it really is : like a secret criminal organization masquerading as a political party.
Think as if it really is : : a criminal organization masquerading as : a political party.
Margaret Thatcher also never came close enough to finally declaring emergency in Britain the wake of losing the miners'strike in Britain.
Margaret Margaret Thatcher came in very very close to declaring emergency powers in the wake of the miners'strike back in Britain.
Margaret Thatcher also came close to declaring emergency in Britain in the immediate wake up of the miners'strike elsewhere in Britain.
Margaret Thatcher came in close enough as to officially declaring emergency in 1979 just the wake of the miners'strike in Britain.
Margaret Thatcher came close to formally declaring emergency executive powers in the wake up - phase of the miners'strike in Britain.
Stethoscopes get seriously contaminated only once after a single physical exam.
Stethoscopes get seriously contaminated after a single single daily physical exam.
Stethoscopes get very seriously contaminated after only a single physical exam.
Stethoscopes get contaminated after only performing only a single physical exam.
Stethoscopes get contaminated only after taking a single daily physical exam.
Two gas pipelines were also blown up, in Sindh, and Balochistan.
Two natural gas pipelines were blown up simultaneously in Sindh province and Balochistan.
Two gas pipelines, were blown up in Sindh both Sindh and Balochistan.
Two natural gas distribution pipelines were blown up in both Sindh and Balochistan.
Two gas export pipelines were blown - both up in Sindh and Balochistan.
Shares that were also being traded slightly lower, in early session.
Shares prices were also traded slightly lower, especially in early session.
Shares were also traded slightly lower, and especially in early session.
Shares that were also traded slightly lower, in the early session.
Shares were traded slightly higher or lower, especially in early session.
BJP Congress Party MP Dilip Singh Judeo has passed away.
BJP Congress Party MP Dilip Singh Judeo has passed away.
BJP MP Dilip Kumar Singh Kumar Singh Judeo passed away.
BJP MP Dilip Kumar Kumar Singh Judeo has passed away.
BJP and Congress MP, Dilip Singh Judeo passed away.
Ulijn van Hoeness will also stand trial for tax evasion.
Uli van Hoeness will later also stand trial for tax evasion.
Uli Hoeness will also stand trial for committing the tax evasion.
Uli Hoeness will stand trial again for the alleged tax evasion.
Uli van Hoeness will stand trial for the alleged tax evasion.
TRIBUTES money would have been paid to a local social worker known as a Mr Community Care.
TRIBUTES have been, annually, paid to a social worker known as a Mr Community Care.
TRIBUTES have been annually paid annually, to a social worker known as a Mr Community Care.
TRIBUTES would have been paid to a social care worker, known as Mr. Community Care.
TRIBUTES have also been paid to a social care worker known as a Mr. Community Care.
She has come back full circle, but not throwing a party.
She has come full - circle, throwing on me a party.
She has come full circle, throwing on to me a party.
She has come full circle, practically practically throwing me a party.
She has not only just come full circle, throwing a party.
The Choctaw Nation stickball softball team also automatically advanced to the finals.
The Choctaw Nation Senior stickball championship team advanced to reach the finals.
The Choctaw Nation stickball team advanced to reach through to the finals.
The Choctaw First Nation Senior stickball team advanced directly to the finals.
The Choctaw First Nation Senior stickball team also advanced to the finals.
Khloe Kardashian is filing for a divorce from fellow actor Lamar Odom.
Khloen Kardashian is currently considering filing for divorce from Lamar Odom.
Khloeh Kardashian is filing for a divorce from actress Lamar Odom.
Khloe Kardashian currently is considering considering filing for divorce from Lamar Odom.
Khloe Kardashian is filing for filing a civil divorce from Lamar Odom.
Eircom has entered into with the television market.
Eircom has entered into with the television market.
Eircom TV Group has entered the television market.
Eircom has entered into the cable television market.
Eircom has entered into the cable television market.
He also won the 2012 Amgen Pro Golf Tour of California.
He won the 2012 Pro - Amgen Tour Tour of California.
He won at the 2012 Amgen Pro Golf Tour of California.
He won the inaugural 2012 Pro Amgeni Tour of California.
He also won the 2012 Amgen Tour and Tour of California.
Diabetes could also become as one single person that dies every 10 seconds.
Diabetes could become as one more infected person dies once every 10 seconds.
Diabetes could become as if one sick person suddenly dies every 10 seconds.
Diabetes could become even more worse as one person dies every 10 seconds.
Diabetes deaths could also also become as one person dies every 10 seconds.
Mathewy Dumba will also join with the Portland Winterhawks.
Mathew and Dumba will also join the expansion Portland Winterhawks.
Mathew Dumba will also join the newly expansion Portland Winterhawks.
Mathew Dumbarton will join up with the Portland Winterhawks.
Mathew Dumbarton will later also join the Portland Winterhawks.
South - Ossetia is also marking Republic Day.
South Ossetia is marking on its Republic Day.
South Ossetia also is marking its Republic Day.
South - Ossetia is also marking Republic Day.
South Ossetia Day 2017 is marking Republic Day.
Zoe Saldana, really hates whiny women.
Zoey Saldana really hates whiny women.
Zoe Saldana really hates these whiny women.
Zoe Saldana, really hates whiny women.
Zoe Saldana, really hates whiny women.
A young Wichita man was found not guilty except on a firearms charge.
A young Wichita man was later found guilty, on a firearms charge.
A young, Wichita man was later found guilty on a firearms charge.
A Wichita man also was found guilty on a federal assault firearms charge.
A young Wichita man was later found guilty on a federal firearms charge.
Tomás Antonio Perez Martínez was confirmed by the Senate.
Tom Perez, was also later confirmed by the Senate.
Tom Perez, was confirmed by half of the Senate.
Tomás Perez was later confirmed unanimously by the Senate.
Tom Perez, was unanimously confirmed by half the Senate.
The new air force strikes expected will have a significant impact on flights.
The US air strikes expected will have a very significant impact on flights.
The strikes expected will have a very little significant environmental impact on flights.
The strikes expected them to will have a significant impact impact on flights.
The strikes as is expected will have a significant impact directly on flights.
Angela Merkel anointed a very very popular rival as was her heir apparent.
Angela Merkel anointed a popular rival, as he was her heir apparent.
Angela von Merkel anointed a popular political rival, as her heir apparent.
Angela von Merkel anointed a popular rival as her potential new heir apparent.
Angela Merkel anointed a popular male rival as was her new heir apparent.
Russian police detained at least 25 - thousand protesters, in both Moscow and St Petersburg.
Russian police have detained at least about 25 protesters in both Moscow and in St Petersburg.
Russian police have detained at least 25 thousand protesters, in Moscow and in St Petersburg.
Russian police detained at least 25 - thousand protesters in both Moscow and in St Petersburg.
Russian riot police detained at least about 25 protesters, in Moscow and in St Petersburg.
AMERICAN DREAM. BUILDERS. / BUILDING.
AMERICAN DREAM. THE BUILDERS / BUILDING.
AMERICANS : DREAM BUILDERS / BUILDING.
AMERICANS DREAM. BUILDERS / BUILDING.
AMERICAN DREAM BUILDERS / IT / BUILDING.
The Royal Canadian military also has been reportedly secretly testing a stealth snowmobile to prevent whisk on operations elsewhere, in the Arctic.
The Royal Canadian military has been secretly testing out a new stealth snowmobile to whisk on operations from elsewhere, in the Arctic.
The Canadian military has been secretly testing out a stealth military snowmobile to whisk on military operations from elsewhere in northern the Arctic.
The Canadian Canadian military has been secretly secretly testing a stealth snowmobile to whisk supplies on military operations in across to the Arctic.
The Canadian military has also been reportedly secretly testing a stealth snowmobile to prevent whisk on military operations from elsewhere in the Arctic.
Representative Bob Herron is being cited for committing to several ethics violations.
Representative, Bob Herron, is currently being cited for ethics violations.
Representative Bob Herron is now being cited twice more for ethics violations.
Representative Democrat Bob Herron is being repeatedly cited twice for ethics violations.
Representative Bob Herron is currently being cited for several other ethics violations.
David Cameron has defended against his government plans to charge migrants to not use the NHS.
David David Cameron has defended plans not to charge migrants to make use of the NHS.
David Cameron has defended plans not intended to directly charge migrants to not use the NHS.
David Cameron, who has publicly defended plans to charge migrants not to use the NHS.
David Cameron, has defended plans designed to charge migrants to not to use the NHS.
Bill Russell Cosby is returning to NBC with him writing a new sitcom.
Bill Cosby is now returning to NBC with writing a brand new sitcom.
Bill Cosby, is now returning to NBC, with a new sitcom.
Bill Cosby, is returning to NBC with writing a brand new sitcom.
Bill Cosby, is returning home to the NBC with a new sitcom.
Cold Feet will not even be returning, according to any one of all the its stars Fay Ripley.
Colder Feet will likely still not be returning, according to one one of its stars Fay Ripley.
Colder Feet will not be returning, according to any but one of its stars, Fay Ripley.
Cold Feet will also not be returning according to any one of all of its stars, Fay Ripley.
Cold Feet will probably also just not yet be returning according to one of its guest stars Fay Ripley.
Energy company, SSE made £. 354m profit margins, in the six months.
Energy company SSE had made £. 354m profit on margins in the six months.
Energy company, SSE made over the £ 354m profit margins in the six months.
Energy holding company, SSE had made £ 354m profit in the previous six months.
Energy company SSE made £ 354m in profit - margins in just the six months.
Barcelona FC also lost matches against Once a Real Sociedad.
Barcelona City FC also narrowly lost against a Real Sociedad.
Barcelona B and FC also lost against a Real Sociedad.
Barcelona B and FC Barcelona lost against a Real Sociedad.
Barcelona FC also lost away against a defeated Real Sociedad.
Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation today announced the very final results of its very very first public tender offer.
Smith Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation has today announced the final tender results ahead date of its tender offer.
Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation today has announced the final and financial final results ahead of its tender offer.
Smith & Wesson Holding Company Corporation today has announced the final financial year 2011 results of its tender offer.
Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation today announced almost all of the final financial results of accepting its tender offer.
JC Penney shares spiked on report, and the sales improving in August is categorized.
JC Penney shares a more recent spike on report that sales improving in August is categorized.
JC Penney shares spike on report sales and is probably still improving in August is categorized.
JC Penney shares spike on report sales, and improving in August 2016, is categorized.
JC Penney shares spiked on the report sales improving in August 2016 and is categorized.
Disney Interactive also unveiled two new Walt Disney Infinity apps.
Disneyland Interactive unveiled two Disneyland and Infinity apps.
Disney Interactive also unveiled two new Disneyland Infinity apps.
Disney Studios Interactive unveiled two Disney Studios'Infinity apps.
Disneytoon Studios and Interactive unveiled two Disney Infinity apps.
Two Norwegian Nobel Prize lawmakers have nominated Edward Snowden for both the Nobel and Peace Prize.
Two Norwegian Nobel Prize lawmakers have since also nominated Edward Snowden for the Nobel Peace Prize.
Two prominent Norwegian lawmakers have nominated Edward Edward Snowden for both the and Nobel Peace Prize.
Two Norwegian lawmakers have nominated Edward Edward Everett Snowden for both the Nobel Committee Peace Prize.
Two Norwegian Nobel lawmakers, have nominated Edward Snowden for the upcoming 2016 Nobel Peace Prize.
Ashley Olsen has since been officially split from her boyfriend.
Ashley Hope - Olsen, has split from her boyfriend.
Ashley Olsen has split off completely from dating her boyfriend.
Ashley Hope Olsen has since split from her her boyfriend.
Ashley Hope Olsen, who has split from her boyfriend.
South Korea began holding its annual military drills.
South Korea also began holding annual military drills.
South - Korea began holding annual military drills.
South Korea began holding its annual military drills.
South Korea - Korea began annual military drills.
Amtrak also is considering suspending some trains.
Amtrak Canada also is suspending some trains.
Amtrak is considering suspending operating some trains.
Amtrak also is considering suspending some trains.
Amtrak is also considering suspending some trains.
A very small Chinese delegation visited Pakistan.
A Chinese diplomatic mission delegation visited Pakistan.
A small Chinese delegation also visited Pakistan.
A Chinese delegation also has visited Pakistan.
A Chinese Taipei diplomatic delegation visited Pakistan.
One, The Pirate Bay Bay, has had its bans temporarily lifted by a Dutch court.
One, Pirate Bay, has had its travel ban lifted only twice, by a Dutch court.
One, Pirate Bay, has had half its annual fishing bans lifted by a Dutch court.
One, Pirate Bay, and which has had its ban lifted by then a separate Dutch court.
One, Pirate Bay, has recently had its ban lifted by a large, local Dutch court.
Hamas also claimed to not have ever captured an Israeli drone in the area south of Gaza.
Hamas claimed it claimed to have also captured an Israeli drone in the area south of Gaza.
Hamas claimed to have also captured one an Israeli military drone in the area south of Gaza.
Hamas claimed to have captured an Israeli drone while in Gaza patrolling in the area of Gaza.
Hamas also claimed to have captured an unarmed Israeli military reconnaissance drone in the area of Gaza.
Cheryl Cole is always the happiest person she is ever at home.
Cheryl Cole herself is the happiest person she ever is at home.
Cheryl - Cole is the most happiest when she is at home.
Cheryl - Cole is always the most happiest she is at home.
Cheryl Cole, is the happiest person when she is at home.
A woman died after falling from atop the nearby West Texas Air Giant roller coaster.
A young woman later died after falling from the Texas Flying Giant Express roller coaster.
A woman died after falling from atop of the nearby West Texas Giant roller coaster.
A woman also died after accidentally accidentally falling down from the Texas Giant roller coaster.
A woman died shortly after accidentally falling from the nearby Texas Giant Express roller coaster.
Ruler - General on Thursdays vowed to face the cases.
Ruler - General Thursday had vowed not to face the cases.
Ruler Attorney - General Thursday vowed to face all the cases.
Ruler General Thursday had vowed not to ever face the cases.
Ruler General Thursdays had vowed never to face the cases.
Jonah Hill says Leonardo DiCaprio "... is just so very excited about Bafta nominations.
Jonah - Hill says that Leonardo DiCaprio is so very excited " about Bafta nominations.
Jonah Hill says later that " Leonardo DiCaprio is so excited about the Bafta nominations.
Jonah - Hill says Leonardo DiCaprio is " not so excited " about Bafta nominations.
Jonah - Hill also says Leonardo DiCaprio is so excited " about the Bafta nominations.
The Railway Man has also unveiled a new quadrille and posters.
The National Railway Mania has also unveiled new quad and posters.
The Railway Man has recently also unveiled a new quad and posters.
The Railway Mania Club has also unveiled new quad and posters.
The New Railway Working Man has unveiled a new quad and posters.
Alexey Ovechkin fulfilled a childhood Olympic dream, carrying the Olympic torch.
Alex Ovechkin has also fulfilled a dream, carrying the first Olympic torch.
Alex Ovechkin fulfilled a childhood Olympic dream, carrying the first Olympic torch.
Alexey Ovechkin fulfilled a dream, carrying out with the Olympic torch.
Alex Ovechkina has fulfilled such a dream, carrying the Olympic torch.
Hello to Chrisley, She Knows Best.
Hello to all you Chrisley Knows Best.
Hello to you, Chrisley Knows Best.
Hello to you Chrisley She Knows Best.
Hello, to whom Chrisley Knows Best.
Thousands more of absentee ballots in Detroit, are being mailed following a state Court Court of Appeals ruling, about selecting as a clerk candidate.
Thousands of absentee ballots in Detroit are still being mailed following a state Court of Criminal Justice and Appeals rulings about selecting a clerk candidate.
Thousands of absentee ballots in Detroit are still being successfully mailed, following a state Supreme Court of Criminal Appeals ruling ruling about a clerk candidate.
Thousands or more of the absentee ballots in Detroit are still being mailed following a recent state Court of Appeals ruling about a court clerk candidate.
Thousands of voter absentee ballots cast in Metro Detroit are being mailed following a state Supreme Court of Appeals court ruling ruling about a clerk candidate.
An old agricultural boarding - school, is to become an academy.
An agricultural boarding school is planned to become such as an academy.
An agricultural and boarding high school is to become such an academy.
An agricultural and boarding school is to eventually become such an academy.
An agricultural boarding high school, is to eventually become an academy.
Ajay S. Shriram Singh has also recently been elected CII President.
Ajay S. P K Shriram has been unanimously elected CII President.
Ajay S. Shriram Singh has also been elected as CII President.
Ajay S. Rama Shriramba Rao has been elected CII President.
Ajay S. Shriram Singh, has also been elected CII President.
Lamar Odom also feels betrayed by losing his pregnant wife Khloé Kardashian.
Lamare Johnson - Odom feels betrayed by his wife Khloé Kardashian.
Lamar Odom feels betrayed, by losing his first wife Khloé Kardashian.
Lamar Odom feels betrayed by losing her to his wife Khloé Kardashian.
Lamar Odom also feels deeply betrayed, by his wife Khloé Kardashian.
Starbucks also has said that guns are.
Starbucks also has not said guns are.
Starbucks coffee has always said guns are.
Starbucks coffee has always said guns are.
Starbucks also has not said guns are.
Nadiya has also topped the points table.
Nadiya has topped all the points table.
Nadi has topped even the league points table.
Nadi has never topped even the points table.
Nadiya has topped the league points table.
The United - States Indian Army is considering pulling out its troops away from Afghanistan.
The United United States Army also is considering pulling out its troops directly from Afghanistan.
The Western Union United Arab States is considering pulling - out its troops from Afghanistan.
The Western United States Army is also considering pulling - out its troops from Afghanistan.
The United Arab States is considering temporarily temporarily pulling - out its troops from Afghanistan.
Nuclear power talks this week, would focus on the centrifuges, and the reactor.
Nuclear talks for later this week would focus on centrifuges, batteries and the reactor.
Nuclear talks this week would focus mainly on centrifuges, and monitoring of the reactor.
Nuclear talks this past week would focus on centrifuges, batteries, and the reactor.
Nuclear power related policy talks this week would mainly focus on centrifuges and the reactor.
A convicted paedophile, has also been also granted supervised release.
A former convicted paedophile, has been granted a supervised release.
A paedophile, has also been also been granted supervised release.
A paedophile, has also been granted a special supervised release.
A recently convicted paedophile, he has been granted supervised release.
Miguel Cabrera also later underwent surgery.
Miguel - Ángel Cabrera underwent surgery.
Miguel - Ángel Cabrera underwent surgery.
Miguel Ángel Cabrera also underwent surgery.
Miguel Cabrera has also underwent surgery.
An UC Berkeley graduate student may also have exposed metro passengers susceptible enough to the measles virus.
An UC Berkeley student may have inadvertently exposed nearly all the metro passengers to the measles virus.
An injured UC Berkeley student may have exposed some metro subway passengers to spreading the measles virus.
An injured UC Berkeley - Berkeley student may also have exposed metro passengers to the measles virus.
An injured UC Berkeley student may have inadvertently exposed metro subway passengers to the deadly measles virus.
Tributes would have poured in here for the L'Wren Scott.
Tributes have also been poured in tribute for L'Wren Scott.
Tributes have been poured in annually, for L'Wren Scott.
Tributes have also been poured in for the L'Wren Scott.
Tributes have poured in annually for both the L'Wren Scott.
A severe storm knocked - out power to some more than 150 homes, and businesses.
A storm knocked out power lines leading to destroying more than 150 homes, and businesses.
A storm also knocked - - out power to more than $ 150 homes and businesses.
A storm knocked out power lines to more than 150 thousand local mobile homes and businesses.
A severe storm surge knocked out power - lines to more than 150 homes and businesses.
Skillet of the Music has debuted the brand new music video Not Gon na Die.
Skillet has debuted the brand new music video for Nothin Gon'na Die.
Skillet has also recently debuted in the new music video Noth Gon na Die.
Skillet has debuted the brand new music - video Noth, Gon na Die.
Skillet has also debuted the brand new music music - video Not Gon na Die.
Helen, moved slightly more westward - northwestwards.
Helen, moved only slightly westerly - northwestwards.
Helen, moved back only slightly west - northwestwards.
Helen, which had moved slightly west - northwestwards.
Helen, which moved slightly more west - northwestwards.
There are just really, not enough professors to go around.
There just are not enough good professors to just go around.
There are not enough good English professors to just go around.
There are just not enough professors to just... go around.
There really are not enough professors here to just go around.
Neighbours nurse, Georgia Brooks will be lucky, left when she suffers a miscarriage.
Neighbours nurse, Miss Georgia Ann Brooks will be left she suffers from a miscarriage.
Neighbours nurse Georgia Ann Brooks will be very very lucky left she suffers a miscarriage.
Neighbours nurse Georgia Brooks, will be soon left she has suffers from a miscarriage.
Neighbours'nurse Georgia Brooks will be left she suffers complications resulting from a miscarriage.
The government has decided again not to increase the natural gas prices.
The government however has also recently decided not to increase gas prices.
The government however has decided that not even to increase gas prices.
The government has also recently decided not to further increase gas prices.
The government has also decided that not enough to increase gas prices.
Suncor Energy Corporation has since closed the sale off of the vastly majority of its conventional natural gas business.
Suncor Energy has ever since then closed the sale of the vast majority of its conventional natural - gas business.
Suncor Energy has closed down operations with the sale of the vast majority remaining of its conventional natural gas business.
Suncor Energy has since closed down following the 2010 sale of the majority of its remaining conventional natural gas business.
Suncor Energy has closed - down the pending sale of the vast majority of its conventional and natural gas business.
The City of Lockport held its very first annual municipal reorganizational meeting.
The City Council of Lockport held its annual municipal and reorganizational meeting.
The City of New South Lockport held its annual municipal reorganizational meeting.
The new City Council of Lockport held its first annual reorganizational meeting.
The City of South Lockport also has held its annual reorganizational meeting.
Today announced 362 finalists for the annual John Turnitin award program.
Today announced the 36 other finalists for the Turnitin Award award program.
Today announced 36 finalists qualified for the John Paul Turnitin award program.
Today he announced 366 other finalists for the Turnitin award program.
Today it announced 36 finalists for joining the Turnitin Award award program.
Deutsches Bank also reiterated their sellout rating on shares of Segro.
Deutsche Bank reiterated that in 2008 their sell rating on shares of Segro.
Deutsches Bank reiterated their sellout rating on the shares of Segro.
Deutsche Bank reiterated on their fair sell rating on the shares of Segro.
Deutsche Bank reiterated on their sell rating based on the shares of Segro.
Enforced disappearances are being committed on such a very wide scale, especially throughout Syria.
Enforced child disappearances are still being committed on such a wide scale, throughout Syria.
Enforced child disappearances are being committed, on a very wide scale scale throughout Syria.
Enforced disappearances are now being systematically committed on a wide scale scale, throughout Syria.
Enforced disappearances are still being systematically committed, on such a wide scale throughout Syria.
Eastman Kodak Company & Manufacturing Co. has emerged from bankruptcy.
Eastman Kodak Manufacturing Co. has recently also emerged from bankruptcy.
Eastman Kodak Co. has recently also recently emerged from bankruptcy.
Eastman Kodak & Manufacturing Co. has recently emerged from bankruptcy.
Eastman Eastman Eastman Kodak Co. has emerged recently from bankruptcy.
The former Assistant Drug Enforcement Court Coordinator, was arrested.
The Assistant State Department Drug Enforcement Court Coordinator was arrested.
The FBI Assistant Drug Enforcement Court Operations Coordinator was arrested.
The Assistant Drug Court and Operations Coordinator, was arrested.
The former Assistant State Drug Enforcement Court Coordinator was arrested.
This new approach also may help help cancer researchers find new drugs suitable to treat human diseases.
This new approach may help researchers find new drugs to help help help them treat human diseases.
This new research approach may help researchers to find new drugs used to treat various human diseases.
This relatively new approach may also help cancer researchers find effective new drugs to treat human diseases.
This new approach may help cancer researchers find new novel cancer drugs to treat many human diseases.
Ernst and the Young also organised a special workshop on transfer pricing.
Ernst and Young organised a workshop on money - rate transfer pricing.
Ernst and Young have also organised a workshop based on transfer pricing.
Ernst and Young has organised also, a workshop on transfer pricing.
Ernst and Young also jointly organised a workshop on money transfer pricing.
Gareth Bale has since also picked - up another injury.
Gareth - Baleford has picked - up another injury.
Gareth - Bale has picked up yet again another injury.
Gareth Bale has also recently picked - up another injury.
Gareth Bale has picked him up yet yet another injury.
Arla - Fresh Foods, Ltd. is planning to add 300 million liters of fresh milk annually to its supply chain in the UK.
Arla Fresh Foods, is planning now to add 300 million liters of fresh milk to its supply store - chain in around the UK.
Arla, Fresh Foods, is also planning to add 300 million metric liters of milk to its milk product supply chain in the UK.
Arla Fresh Wholes Foods, is planning to add 300 million liters worth of milk to its supply chain, in around the UK.
Arla Foods, Inc is also planning to add 300 - million metric liters of milk to help expand its supply chain in the UK.
Lawmakers have reached an informal informal agreement on passing a farm bill.
Lawmakers have reached an informal majority agreement on passing a farm bill.
Lawmakers have reached an informal agreement based on a proposed farm bill.
Lawmakers may have also never reached an agreement on a farm bill.
Lawmakers may also have reached an informal agreement on a farm bill.
A shoulder injury that has forced Willie Nelson not to immediately cancel his 2009 Nashville appearance.
A shoulder and muscle injury has forced Willie Nelson to cancel out his 2009 Nashville appearance.
A serious shoulder injury has forced Willie Boyce Nelson to cancel out his Nashville appearance.
A serious shoulder injury has forced singer Willie Nelson to temporarily cancel his scheduled Nashville appearance.
A shoulder muscle injury, has forced Willie Boy Nelson to cancel out his Nashville appearance.
Mohammad - Javad Al Zarif, has appealed to Saudi Arabia to work closely with Iran.
Mohammad Al - Javad Zarif has appealed to the Saudi Arabia to continue work with Iran.
Mohammad Javad Zarif has appealed to the Saudi Saudi Arabia to continue work together with Iran.
Mohammad Javad Al Zarif has also appealed to Saudi Arabia not to do work with Iran.
Mohammad Javad Zarif, has also appealed to Saudi Arabia to work more closely with Iran.
Deron Williams'will not return tonight.
Deron Williams'will not return tonight.
Deronna Williams will not return tonight.
Deron Williams will not even return tonight.
Deron Williams I will not return tonight.
Pakistan ruled out military or military action directed against the Taliban.
Pakistan has ruled out any military action against by the Taliban.
Pakistan ruled Pakistan out taking any military action against the Taliban.
Pakistan government has ruled out military action directed against the Taliban.
Pakistan ruled out military action against the them by the Taliban.
Cold weather heat wave continued to sweep across Punjab and Haryana.
Cold wave continued to completely and completely sweep Punjab and Haryana.
Cold weather wave continued to sweep Punjab, Rajasthan and Haryana.
Cold weather wave continued later on to sweep Punjab and Haryana.
Cold wave floods also continued to sweep Punjab, and Haryana.
Containment testing of all the North American fire is expected Thursday.
Containment of the largest North - American fire is expected Thursday.
Containment of the North American forest fire season is expected Thursday.
Containment news and coverage of the American fire is expected Thursday.
Containment because of the American - flag fire is expected Thursday.
Armstrong World - Heavy Metal Industries plans to invest $ 41 million in its new Lancaster plant.
Armstrong World Industries announced plans to eventually fully invest $ 41 million in its new Lancaster plant.
Armstrong World Industries plans plans to invest $ 416 million in expanding into its Lancaster plant.
Armstrong World Heavy Industries plans and plans to invest $ 41 million more in its Lancaster plant.
Armstrong New World Industries announced plans not to invest $ 41 million more in its Lancaster plant.
Article 370 is not Babri Masjid, for which BJP leaders want them to bring down.
Article - 370 There is not a Babrin Masjid for BJP leaders to bring down.
Article 370 is not Babrin Masjid for BJP party - leaders to not bring down.
Article number 370 is not a Babrin Masjid, for BJP leaders to bring down.
Article 370 There is not Babri Masjid there for BJP and party leaders to bring down.
Freer Masons have come to provide free shoes to children.
Free - Masons come together to provide shoes shoes to children.
Freestanding Masons have come to provide free shoes to children.
Freer Mason Masons come to help provide shoes to children.
Free Masons have come together to help provide shoes to children.
Amanda - Bynes is being detained again for undergoing a mental evaluation.
Amanda Bynes is being temporarily detained for undergoing undergoing a mental evaluation.
Amanda Bynes is being temporarily detained again for a routine mental evaluation.
Amanda Bynes, is being detained again for a routine mental evaluation.
Amanda Bynes is currently considering being detained indefinitely for a mental evaluation.
Farmstand property owners also are invited to a free farm marketing workshop.
Farmstand owners also are often being invited to a free marketing workshop.
Farmstand owners are invited to also annually attend a free marketing workshop.
Farmstand farm owners are often also invited to a free marketing workshop.
Farmstand owners are invited to attend to attend a free marketing workshop.
Turkey has also moved to block almost all access to YouTube.
Turkey has also moved it on to block access to YouTube.
Turkey has moved to block almost all public access to YouTube.
Turkey TV has moved on to block access rights to YouTube.
Turkey TV has moved to a block all access to YouTube.
Chief Executive and Executive Officers also sometimes have narcissistic tendencies.
Chief Chief Executives Officers also sometimes have narcissistic tendencies.
Chief and Executive Officers also, sometimes have narcissistic tendencies.
Chief and Executive Officers may sometimes have strong narcissistic tendencies.
Chief Executives Officers sometimes have strong, narcissistic tendencies.
Pets at My Home and Poundland have today been consistently set at the two highest prices as they both listed on the stock exchange.
Pets Back at Home and Poundland Farm have today helped set the prices as though they are both now listed on the stock exchange.
Pets at My Home, and at Poundland, have today set the prices as if they both listed them on the stock exchange.
Pets at Home and In The Poundland have today set the highest prices as they are now both being listed on the stock exchange.
Pets Back at Home and by extension The Poundland Company have today set the prices as they both are listed on the stock exchange.
Alan Pardew, has been recently also charged with improper conduct.
Alan Pardew has since been formally also charged with improper conduct.
Alanna Pardew has been recently also charged with improper conduct.
Alana Pardew, who has been charged with improper conduct.
Alan Pardew, who has been charged twice with improper conduct.
Stocks were gained for the entire second day.
Stocks gained for on the very second day.
Stocks gained momentum for the entire second day.
Stocksbridge gained ground for the second day.
Stocks gained for the entire the second day.
Organics collection will be moving back to help make a weekly pickup.
Organics collection will be gradually moving back, up to weekly pickup.
Organics collection trucks will be moving on right back to weekly pickup.
Organics collection operations will be gradually moving back back to weekly pickup.
Organics collection will also very soon be moving back to weekly pickup.
Boldin was also named NFC East offensive player of of the week.
Boldin was named NFC offensive defensive tackle player of of the week.
Boldin was also named NFC offensive defensive tackle player of the week.
Boldin was also named the NFC offensive tackle player of the week.
Boldin was named the NFC East offensive player of of the week.
Air Canada suspended ticket and ticket sales operations in Venezuela.
Air Canada suspended ticket and ticket sales operations in Venezuela.
Air Canada Transport of Canada suspended ticket sales in Venezuela.
Air Canada suspended ticket - sales operations operations in Venezuela.
Air Canada suspended ticket - based sales operations in Venezuela.
The local inhabitants of the Lahzien area have expressed satisfactions with providing the service the local health station.
The inhabitants of Lahzien area have expressed their full satisfaction with the service cost of running the health station.
The local Sami inhabitants of the Lahzienj area have also expressed satisfaction with the service the health station.
The inhabitants of Lahzien area have also expressed satisfaction with the community to service the local mental health station.
The inhabitants of Lahzienjų area have expressed satisfaction with both the health service and the health station.
I knew that the Clipse fans wanted me to see my brother together.
I knew Clipse fans wanted for me to go see my brother together.
I knew Clipse fans wanted me, to see and my brother together.
I also already knew Clipse fans wanted to see my little brother together.
I also knew the Clipse fans wanted to see all my brother together.
Gabriel Torje has also since joined Espanyol.
Gabriel Torjes, has joined Espanyol.
Gabriel Torje has since then joined Espanyol.
Gabriel Torjes, has joined Espanyol.
Gabriel Torjes, has joined Espanyol.
Cotton yarn exports is likely to also not drop significantly by 20 % % in the current fiscal.
Cotton yarn exports is likely to also significantly drop by over 20 % in the average current fiscal.
Cotton and yarn exports is likely going to drastically drop by 20 % in the next current fiscal.
Cotton yarn for exports is likely to also drop by about 20 % % in the current fiscal.
Cotton yarn used for exports is likely to drop by 20 % annually annually in the current fiscal.
Champion and Olympic gold medalist Yelena Isinbayeva has announced this on her retirement.
Champion - and gold - Olympic medalist Yelena Isinbayeva has announced her retirement.
Champion and Olympic gold medalist Yelena Isinbayeva, has also announced her retirement.
Champion and Olympic gold - medalist Yelena Isinbayeva has also announced her retirement.
Champion and gold medalist, Russian Yelena Isinbayeva has also announced her retirement.
A faulty lap bar is also being blamed for an alleged, near fatal incident a man fell? roller coaster.
A very faulty lap bar is being falsely blamed, for an incident a man - fell?? roller coaster.
A very faulty lap bar is being blamed for causing an extremely unfortunate incident a man fell? A roller coaster.
A faulty electric lap - bar is being blamed for an incident a young, gay man fell? roller coaster.
A faulty lap - bar system is now also being blamed, for an incident a man fell? roller coaster.
A man was charged with allegedly personally ordering the attempted carjacking death of a taxi driver in Ocean City.
A maniac was later charged with ordering the carjacking of a taxi driver, in downtown Ocean City.
A mysterious third man was later also charged with the carjacking of a taxi driver in downtown Ocean City.
A man who was also charged with ordering the carjacking of " " a taxi driver in Ocean City.
A young black American man was charged twice with the attempted carjacking of a taxi driver in Ocean City.
Arsenal, Chelsea have been handed just such a boost in their pursuit ahead out of Mario Mandzukic.
Arsenal, and Chelsea have been handed a major boost in their ongoing pursuit of striker Mario Mandzukic.
Arsenal, Chelsea have been also handed a booster in their relentless pursuit of striker Mario Mandzukic.
Arsenal, Chelsea, and Chelsea, have been handed a boost in their pursuit of Mario Mandzukic.
Arsenal, Chelsea have never been handed such of a major boost in their pursuit of Mario Mandzukic.
China's yuan economy was little changed against only half the dollar.
China's yuan was a little a bit changed against the dollar.
China's yuan was little - changed, against half the dollar.
China's average yuan was little changed, against half the dollar.
China's annual average yuan consumption was little changed against the dollar.
Humanoid body parts had rained down down down from the sky over the Saudi Arabian city of Jeddah.
Humanoid body - parts rained down down from across the night sky over the Saudi city of Jeddah.
Human body parts rained down from the sky and over the towering white Saudi Arabian city walls of Jeddah.
Human body - parts had rained down from across the sky over the entire Saudi city block of Jeddah.
Human body parts rained down and down from the sky overtaking the entire entire Saudi city of Jeddah.
Titanium Industries India Ltd has launched an online e - commerce platform.
Titan Industries India Ltd. has launched an online e - commerce platform.
Titan Industries India Ltd. has launched an online e - commerce platform.
Titan Industries Ltd has also recently launched an online e - commerce platform.
Titan Industries Ltd. has launched an online and e - commerce platform.
A Nashua man wanted arrested somewhere in rural southern Massachusetts for his failure to register as a sex offender was arrested.
A Nashua man falsely wanted in Massachusetts jail for failure to register for himself as a child sex offender was arrested.
A Nashua man wanted arrested in Massachusetts for his failure to properly register as being a sex offender, was arrested.
A Nashua County black man wanted in Massachusetts for his failure not to register himself as a sex offender was arrested.
A Nashua man wanted arrested in rural southern Massachusetts for failure not to register as a sex offender, was arrested.
Kristen - Bell also poses nude in for the issue of Allure.
Kristen Bell poses a nude nude in for the issue of Allure.
Kristen Bell Bell poses as a nude in the issue of Allure.
Kristen Bell also poses as nude in the first issue of Allure.
Kristen Bell also poses as nude in for the issue of Allure.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Al Abbas has also said there is no way that even he will recognize Israel as a sovereign Jewish state.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said that there is no other possible way he will recognize Israel as being a sovereign, Jewish state.
Palestinian National Liberation Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said there is no possible way he will recognize the new Israel as a Jewish state.
Palestinian President, Mahmoud Abbas said that, there is absolutely no way that he will recognize Israel as being a Jewish state.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has also said there is still is no possible other way he will recognize Israel as a Jewish state.
Uganda has accused, the World Development Bank, of blackmail.
Uganda has accused both the World Development Bank administration of blackmail.
Uganda has accused the ruling World Development Bank, of blackmail.
Uganda also, has accused the World Bank Group of blackmail.
Uganda has also repeatedly accused by the World Bank of blackmail.
Egypt recalled its very first ambassador to Tunisia.
Egypt also recalled its first ambassador to Tunisia.
Egypt recalled its two ambassadors to Tunisia.
Egypt also recalled its ambassadors to Tunisia.
Egypt recalled him its first ambassador to Tunisia.
A fire broke - out out on an empty acreage north of Saskatoon.
A fire then broke out, on an acreage north west of Saskatoon.
A fire then broke out on half of an acreage north of Saskatoon.
A large fire then broke out, on an acreage north of Saskatoon.
A fire broke out, on half an agricultural acreage north of Saskatoon.
Dania Ramirez, later gave birth to twins.
Dania and Ramirez later gave birth to twins.
Dania Ramirez later also gave birth to twins.
Dania Ramirez also gave birth twice to twins.
Dania and Ramirez gave birth together to twins.
Coal India shares also rose by almost an almost 5 %.
Coal India shares have also rose by an almost 5 %.
Coal in India shares rose by almost an almost 5 %.
Coal India Company shares have also rose by almost 5 %.
Coal in the India - shares rose by almost 5 %.
Sears Stores Canada, Inc. said Calvin and McDonald has resigned.
Sears of Canada, Inc. has said Calvin McDonald has resigned.
Sears Canada Inc. has said Calvin - McDonald House has resigned.
Sears Canada Inc., has said Calvin and McDonald has resigned.
Sears Canada, Inc. said Calvin - McDonald House has resigned.
Michael Sam : Sam is gay.
Michael Sam : Sam is gay.
Michael Sam : Sam is gay.
Michael : Sammy is gay.
Michaela Sample is gay.
Israel has suspended its peace - talks with all the Palestinians.
Israel also has since suspended peace talks with all the Palestinians.
Israel has suspended peace talks talks, even with the Palestinians.
Israel has suspended its peace talks talks talks with the Palestinians.
Israel has since also suspended its peace talks with the Palestinians.
He never left, Stanford football team is retiring Johnnie Elway's No. # 7 jersey.
He left, Stanford University Cardinal football team is now retiring John Elway's No. 7 jersey.
He left, Stanford football team is now officially retiring John Elway's No. # 7 jersey.
He left, Stanford football is now officially retiring. John Elway's No. # 7 jersey.
He left, and Stanford Cardinal football is retiring. - John Elway's No. 7 jersey.
The most expensive new home was sold off for $ 120 million.
The most expensive home sold for just over $ $ 120 million.
The most expensive American home was sold for $ US 120 million.
The then second most expensive home sold for over $ 120 million.
The most expensive home sold for US $ US $ 120 million.
An panel member is recommending a comprehensive evaluation system for all Michigan public school district teachers, and administrators.
An panel is also recommending creating such as a evaluation system for Michigan public school teachers, and administrators.
An panel is also recommending a evaluation system designed for Michigan public - high school teachers, and administrators.
An evaluation panel is then also recommending a evaluations system for all Michigan public school teachers and administrators.
An advisory panel of member is recommending a evaluation system for Michigan public school and district teachers and administrators.
It will also launch of a statewide statewide fire incident reporting system computer system for the State of Mississippi.
It also will launch a statewide fire incident reporting system specifically specifically designed for serving the State of Mississippi.
It will also launch of a statewide emergency fire incident - reporting system for all the State of Mississippi.
It will launch as a statewide fire and incident weather - reporting computer system for the State of Mississippi.
It will launch a new statewide emergency and fire incident - reporting system for all the State of Mississippi.
Last night was our last chance to see, so see who went home on Dancing with Us and All the Radio Stars 2014.
Last night it was our last real chance to go see, and so who went back home on Dancing with the Stars 2014.
Last night was our chance just to see, and so who went home? on Dancing with All the Real Radio Stars 2014.
Last night was just our chance to " see, " and so who else went home on Dancing along with the Stars 2014.
Last night was our chance to go see, so who went home? on Dancing along with Dancing with the All Stars 2014.
Jimmy Carter believes strongly that the US agencies are spying on him.
Jimmy Carter also strongly believes US agencies are spying directly on him.
Jimmy Carter believes that the US agencies are spying directly on him.
Jimmy Carter believes strongly that US agencies are spying directly on him.
Jimmy Carter Carter also believes that US agencies are spying on him.
Ilham Aliyev received support from a delegation led by the Iranian Deputy FM.
Ilham Aliyev received a special delegation led by the Iranian National Deputy FM.
Ilhamid Aliyev received from a delegation led by Iranian National Deputy FM.
Ilhamiddin Aliyev received a delegation, led by Iranian Deputy FM.
Ilham Aliyev received from Iran a delegation led by the Iranian Deputy FM.
A man who died was winched down from a boat.
A young man who entered was winched from a boat.
A man was being winched downriver from a boat.
A man was being gently winched down from a boat.
A young man was winched downriver from a boat.
Alec and Alec Baldwin shoved up a photographer against a car in the downtown West Village.
Alec Baldwin shoved a young photographer up against a car in downtown the old West Village.
Alec Baldwin shoved up a photographer up against a car window in the downtown West Village.
Alec Baldwin had just shoved a photographer against a parked car in the downtown West Village.
Alec Baldwin had shoved a young young photographer against a car in the downtown West Village.
Lansing County is considering ending its close relationship relationship with the Russian city.
Lansing is considering officially officially ending its diplomatic relationship with the Russian city.
Lansing County is considering ending off of its relationship with the Russian city.
Lansingburgh is considering officially ending its diplomatic relationship with the Russian city.
Lansing is considering ending up its relationship relations with Moscow the Russian city.
Morne Morkelman has also been reprimanded repeatedly for breaching protocol by using insulting language.
Morne Morkelman has since then also been reprimanded for breaching by using insulting language.
Mornel Morkel has been reprimanded repeatedly for breaching protocol by using an insulting language.
Mornel Morkel has been reprimanded almost repeatedly for breaching protocol by using insulting language.
Morne Morkelman has twice been reprimanded, twice for breaching by using insulting language.
Israel also has recently begun to free up a group of Palestinian prisoners.
Israel has begun to forcibly free a group consisting mainly of Palestinian prisoners.
Israel also has begun efforts to free up a group of Palestinian prisoners.
Israel also has begun to forcibly free a small group of Palestinian prisoners.
Israel has begun to free a group, consisting of former Palestinian prisoners.
POLICE Police are now also trying a tactic to target the entire state's most clever organised criminals.
POLICE are trying a new tactic, to specifically target the British state's most clever organised criminals.
POLICE Police are trying figure out a tactic to specifically target the state's most clever organised criminals.
POLICE are trying out a tactic designed to target even the state's most clever and organised criminals.
POLICE Police are trying out a tactic to target the Australian state's most - clever organised criminals.
Dubai Healthcare City Limited, is planning to build retirement homes.
Dubai City Healthcare Development City is planning to build retirement homes.
Dubai City Healthcare City project is to also build retirement homes.
Dubai City Healthcare City is planning to also build retirement homes.
Dubai Healthcare and Development City is to also build retirement homes.
The 2008 US trade deficit deficit widened slightly.
The US trade - deficit deficit widened slightly.
The existing US trade deficit was widened slightly.
The resulting US - trade deficit widened slightly.
The US trade - deficit deficit widened slightly.
Nokia would hand over its UK based corporate headquarters to giant Microsoft.
Nokia would hand over its remaining former UK headquarters to giant Microsoft.
Nokia would hand - over all its UK headquarters to giant Microsoft.
Nokia would also also then hand over its headquarters to giant Microsoft.
Nokia would hand over its UK headquarters to the software giant Microsoft.
Oman will also get back its theme - park by in the first quarter of 2016.
Oman will get it back to its original theme park by the first quarter of 2016.
Oman will get back to its theme park by in the early first quarter of 2016.
Oman will also get its theme - park by the first first quarter year of 2016.
Oman will also get its theme - park by auction in the first quarter of 2016.
The mother of Sarah Payne Payne has given and has said publicly that the News Agency of the World was not a force for good.
The mother sister of journalist Sarah Payne has given and has said the BBC News of the Western World was a force, for good.
The mother sister of journalist Sarah Payne has given up and said the News Agency of the Western World was a driving force for good.
The proud mother of the Sarah Payne has given and has always always said the News of the World was a force, for good.
The late mother of the Sarah Payne has also also been given praise and said the News of the World was a force for good.
A Piney - River Valley man was convicted of murder.
A Pine River County man was also convicted twice of murder.
A Piney River maniac was also convicted of murder.
A young Pine River man was convicted of twice of murder.
A young Pine River County man, was convicted of murder.
The black dragon king will not be coming to Paragould.
The dragon will not be coming back soon to Paragould.
The great dragon army that will be coming to Paragould.
The dragon will be very soon, coming to Paragould.
The dragon will not be coming directly back to Paragould.
Jenny McCarthy, also, has heaped praise on new partner Donnie Wahlberg.
Jenny McCarthy has also heaped praises on new writing partner Donnie Wahlberg.
Jenny McCarthy has also heaped praises on new partner, Donnie Wahlberg.
Jenny McCarthy has also heaped high critical praise on new partner Donnie Wahlberg.
Jenny McCarthy has heaped praises on her new partner, Donnie Wahlberg.
A very special Holy Mass ceremony was held, at the Church Cathedral of Nativity in Bethlehem, to God bless President Mahinda Rajapaksa on his 68th birthday.
A Holy Mass was also held twice daily at the Catholic Church and Cathedral of Nativity in Bethlehem to God bless President Mahinda Rajapaksa on his 68th birthday.
A Holy Mass was held almost daily at the Church of the Nativity, in New Bethlehem to bless President Mahinda Rajapaksa on celebrating his own 68th birthday.
A Holy First Mass was held at the Church of Nativity, also in Bethlehem, to bless former Indonesian President Sri Mahinda Rajapaksa on his 68th birthday.
A Holy First Communion Mass was also held at the Church of Nativity in New Bethlehem, to bless President Sri Mahinda Rajapaksa on his own 68th birthday.
Michael D Higgins has arrived in London for the very first ever State visit ever to Britain.
Michael D Higgins has just arrived in South London for the State visitation visit to Britain.
Michael D. Higgins, has arrived in London for both the State and visit to Britain.
Michael D Higgins has arrived safely back in South London for both the State visit to Britain.
Michael D Higgins has also arrived in London for both the State Department visitation to Britain.
The new 2015 Land - Rover Sport Freelander has been introduced.
The new 2015 Land - Rover Freelander model has been introduced.
The 2015 Ford Land Rover Freelander model has also been introduced.
The 2015 Land Rover Freelander model range has also been introduced.
The new 2015 Land Rover Series Freelander has also been introduced.
A UAE military helicopter has crashed, killing only about the one member.
A UAE Arab Army military transport helicopter has crashed, killing one member.
A UAE Army and military helicopter has crashed, reportedly killing one member.
A small UAE military helicopter and helicopter has crashed, killing one member.
A small UAE military helicopter has also crashed, killing only one member.
A brand new coroner has been recently been appointed for Croydon.
A new coroner has also been appointed, also for Croydon.
A brand new coroners officer has been appointed for Croydon.
A new and brand new coroner has been appointed for Croydon.
A new county coroner has since also been appointed for Croydon.
Microsoft took all the red plastic wraps off the Surface 2 tablet.
Microsoft took all of the plastic wraps off the Surface 2 tablet.
Microsoft also also took the wraps off the Microsoft Surface 2 tablet.
Microsoft took the red plastic wraps off of the Surface 2 tablet.
Microsoft took the wraps and back them off the Surface 2 tablet.
Maria de de la Cruz Villota has been found dead.
Maria de la Villota has also never been found dead.
Maria Teresa de Villota has also recently been found dead.
Maria - Teresa de Villota has also been found dead.
Maria Teresa de Villota has never been officially found dead.
A Utah deputy - sheriff who was accidentally shot during a crime fighting spree is improving.
A former Utah deputy who was accidentally accidentally shot during a violent crime spree is improving.
A former Utah deputy sheriff who was accidentally accidentally shot during a crime spree is improving.
A former former Utah deputy who allegedly was shot during such a crime spree is improving.
A former former Utah police deputy, who was shot during a crime spree is improving.
Bennie Cherington Johnnie Farrell spoke out at the Red Sox rally.
Bennie Cherington Johnnie Farrell spoke at the Boston Red Sox rally.
Bennie Cherington and John Farrell spoke out at the Red Sox rally.
Ben Cherington Johnnie Farrell spoke out at both the Red Sox rally.
Ben Cherington and John Farrell also spoke at the Boston Red Sox rally.
A man has recently been jailed, over a fight outside a New York Brighton club.
A man has recently been jailed over starting up a fight outside of a Brighton club.
A young man has been briefly jailed over a bar fight outside of a Brighton club.
A man has recently also been jailed over a fight outside of at a Brighton club.
A man has been briefly jailed over a violent barber fight outside a Brighton club.
Unite Private Networks, networks provider, announces a new fiber broadband network expansion.
Unite Private Networks networks service provider, also, announces a fiber network expansion.
Unite Private Networks networks service provider, also announces of a fiber network expansion.
Unite Private Equity Networks, networks provider, announces a new fiber network expansion.
Unite Private Networks, networks provider, announces of a new fiber network expansion.
The Pakistan government is not keenly enough to fully restore the usages of YouTube.
The Pakistan government is not keen to " restore " the widespread online usage of YouTube.
The Pakistan government is not all too keen to completely restore to the usage of YouTube.
The East Pakistan government is not too particularly keen to restore the usages of YouTube.
The Pakistan government is also not keen to completely restore to YouTube the usage of YouTube.
University College of Breanna Stewart College has been selected annually as the 2016 inaugural winner of the Naismith Trophy.
University of Georgia Breanna Stewart College has also been selected annually as the winner school of the Naismith Trophy.
University of Georgia Breanna - - Fort Stewart has been annually selected as the winner of the Naismith Trophy.
University of Breanna - Stewart University, has been annually selected annually as the winner of the Naismith Trophy.
University of Breanna Stewart has also been annually selected as the inaugural winner of both the and Naismith Trophy.
Customer and service quality is getting better.
Customer service quality also is getting better.
Customer customer service is only getting better.
Customer service and quality is getting better.
Customer customer - service is getting better.
The New England Patriots have also recently signed WR, Brandon LaFell.
The New - England Football Patriots have signed WR, Brandon LaFell.
The expansion New England Patriots have signed former WR, Brandon LaFell.
The New New - England Patriots have signed veteran WR Brandon LaFell.
The New England Patriots, have also signed WR, Brandon LaFell.
Police have arrested the two suspected illegal car - thieves located near the OCCC campus.
Police also have arrested two dozen other, suspected car thieves near the OCCC campus.
Police also have arrested the two suspected car - thieves near to the OCCC campus.
Police also have arrested two other suspected black car thieves near the main OCCC campus.
Police have arrested the last of two suspected car thieves near the main OCCC campus.
What you would do, if only you owned up the new New York Jets.
What else you guys would probably do if you still owned the New York Jets.
What you guys would do if only you owned the new New - York Jets.
What you would probably do if you still owned the new New - York Jets.
What else you would probably do, if you owned the new New York Jets.
Some pharmacies will not be open on this particular Christmas Day.
Some pharmacies that will be kept open on the Christmas Day.
Some pharmacies will also be open only on the Christmas Day.
Some new pharmacies will also be kept open on Christmas Day.
Some pharmacies will not be kept wide open on Christmas Day.
St. - Cloud has restructured its health - care department licensing fees.
St. Cloud County has recently restructured its health care department licensing fees.
St. Cloud has restructured all of its public health department licensing fees.
St. Cloud has also restructured all its health care department licensing fees.
St. Cloud County has recently restructured all its health department licensing fees.
ELEVEN abortions also, were carried out elsewhere in the area.
ELEVEN abortions also were reportedly being carried out in the area.
ELEVEN Several abortions were also carried - out in the area.
ELEVEN : Several abortions were carried out in around the area.
ELEVEN The abortions also were carried out elsewhere in the area.
The industry needs flexibility to reach it out to the US domestic market.
The tourism industry needs to also help reach out to the domestic market.
The industry needs to also reach further - out to the domestic market.
The industry needs to reach out further out to the US domestic market.
The automotive industry needs flexibility to reach out directly to the domestic market.
HRH Princess Lalla Salma, president, was inaugurated, in 2006 Casablanca, as a national reproductive health reference center for breast and uterine cancer for early detection.
HRH Lalla Salma, president, inaugurated, in Casablanca, a national reproductive health reference sub - center for both the breast and uterine breast cancer early detection.
HRH Lalla Salma, president, has inaugurated, in Casablanca, a national reproductive health reference and research center dedicated for breast and uterine breast cancer early detection.
HRH Lalla El Salma, president, inaugurated, and in Casablanca, a reproductive health and reference center for breast - cancer and uterine cancer for early detection.
HRH Lalla El Salma, president, inaugurated, in Casablanca, Morocco as a national reproductive and health reference center for breast cancer and uterine cancer early detection.
The Holgate wildlife refuge beachfront area will reopen to the general general public Sunday.
The former Holgate Bay State wildlife refuge beach will reopen to the general public Sunday.
The Holgate Bay wildlife refuge beach will be permanently reopen open to the public Sunday.
The Holgates Bay wildlife - refuge beach will reopen to the general public Sunday.
The Holgate wildlife refuge beachfront area, will be reopen to the public Sunday.
Firefighters there were called to search a apartment.
Firefighters were then also called to a apartment.
Firefighters there were also called to a apartment.
Firefighters were called in to search a apartment.
Firefighters, who were called to a apartment.
West Nile virus has also been also found found in mosquitoes.
West Nile malaria virus has been also found found in mosquitoes.
West - Nile virus has also also been found in mosquitoes.
West Nile malaria virus infection has also been found in mosquitoes.
West - Nile virus has been recently found only in mosquitoes.
A landscaper at Orlando International Airport was reportedly bitten completely off balance by an alligator.
A landscaper at Orlando International Airport, was accidentally accidentally bitten by, an alligator.
A landscaper at the Orlando International - Orlando Municipal Airport was bitten by an alligator.
A park landscaper at Orlando International Airport, was bitten off by, an alligator.
A park landscaper at the Orlando International Airport was bitten by such as an alligator.
Anthera International Pharmaceuticals Ltd was accused also of withholding data.
Anthera Pharmaceuticals was later also accused of deliberately withholding data.
Anthera Pharmaceuticals Ltd was also accused of deliberately withholding data.
Anthera Pharmaceuticals was also falsely accused, of withholding data.
Anthera International Pharmaceuticals Ltd was accused also of withholding data.
We've known, and thought it can help women get pregnant with recent pregnancy and loss conceive.
We've always known, and believe it can also help women with recent pregnancy and loss conceive.
We've known, and thought it can also help women with having a recent pregnancy loss conceive.
We've known, seen and thought how it can help, women with recent pregnancy loss conceive.
We've known, learned and learned it can help women pregnant with a recent pregnancy loss conceive.
The ghosts'tradition of New Zealanders live on at the Chunuk Bair.
The great old ghosts of New Zealanders still live on at Chunuk Bair.
The ghosts of New Zealanders still occasionally live on at the Chunuk Bair.
The ghosts of New Zealanders live here on at least the Chunuk Bair.
The ghosts of the New Zealanders still live on at the Chunuk Bair.
Russia said that US sanctions alone would simply not serve American interests.
Russia said the US imposed economic sanctions would not serve American interests.
Russia said that the US sanctions would also not serve American interests.
Russia said later that US economic sanctions would not serve American interests.
Russia said that US sanctions alone would not serve the American interests.
The former A1 / A26 between Newhaven and Beddingham has reopened.
The former A26 between Newhaven and the Great Beddingham has reopened.
The A26 between the London Newhaven and Great Beddingham has reopened.
The A26 between the Newhaven Road junction and Beddingham has reopened.
The former A26 between Newhaven Road and Beddingham Road has reopened.
A man died after being accidentally accidentally accidentally struck by two cars.
A man died, after allegedly accidentally being struck by two cars.
A man died shortly after after being struck down by two cars.
A man died shortly after accidentally being struck by the two cars.
A man later died after being accidentally accidentally struck by two cars.
NextEra Energy Solar Energy is moving forward with two solar projects located near to the nearby city of Blythe.
NextEra Energy Solar Energy is moving forward, with building two solar projects near the city center of Blythe.
NextEra Solar Energy LLC is currently moving forward with two new solar projects near to the city of Blythe.
NextEra Energy Partners LLC is currently moving forward with two solar projects near the new city center of Blythe.
NextEra Energy is currently considering moving it forward with two new solar projects near the nearby city of Blythe.
The reason why the two underdogs should succeed at the workplace is.
The main reason why underdogs succeed bestfully at the workplace is.
The reason for why underdogs should succeed at the American workplace is.
The main reason why underdogs succeed at running in the workplace is.
The main reason why underdogs who should succeed at the workplace is.
More than 200 other people are also reported missing and four people were confirmed as being dead as Colorado continues continuing to flood.
More than 200 more people now are missing and four people were confirmed as being dead as the Colorado continues continuing to flood.
More than $ 200 people are missing and four people inside were later confirmed dead as the Colorado River continues continuing to flood.
More than more than $ 200 million people are missing and only four people there were confirmed dead as Colorado continues to flood.
More more than 200 people now there are missing and only four people were confirmed dead as the River Colorado continues to flood.
Gander Mountain locks also will not give away trigger locks.
Ganders of Mountain will give them away trigger locks.
Ganders'Mountain locks will give away trigger locks.
Gander Mountain will certainly not give them away trigger locks.
Ganders Mountain will give away the two trigger locks.
More heavy snowfall is on the way.
More snowfall is falling on the way.
More snow is already falling on the way.
More snowfall is falling on the way.
More heavy snow is on on the way.
Freida Pinto urged for the world to help ensure 66 million Brazilian school girls get an education.
Freida Maria de Pinto urged the world government to ensure 66 million girls could get an education.
Freida Pinto urged for all the world government to ensure 66 million girls would get an education.
Freida Pinto urged the entire world government, to help ensure 66 million girls get an education.
Freida Pinto urged for the world to ensure that 665 million girls would get an education.
Arsenal have been papered over the concrete for cracks by beating.
Arsenal have papered over almost all the old cracks by beating.
Arsenals have papered over the concrete cracks just by beating.
Arsenal have papered over all the cracks just fine by beating.
Arsenal have been papered over the cracks, probably by beating.
Aluminium may hover above a single support column at $ $ 1, 879.
Aluminium panels may hover at just above a support at $ 1, 879.
Aluminium may hover above a load support at about US $ 1, 879.
Aluminium may hover just above a support beam valued at $ 1, 879.
Aluminium may hover above such a support at US $ $ 1, 879.
Barclays Bank has also seen profits drop.
Barclays Bank has also seen profits drop.
Barclays Bank has seen its profits drop.
Barclays Bank has seen its profits drop.
Barclays Bank Group has seen profits drop.
Taco Bell launched its brand new national breakfast breakfast menu.
Taco Bell Bell has also launched its new breakfast menu.
Taco Bell launched with its brand - new breakfast menu.
Taco Bell launched its new, expanded national breakfast menu.
Taco Bell launched its brand new, national breakfast menu.
The then new Chinese government announced visa exemption for all Nigerian diplomats, and officials.
The Chinese government also has announced visa exemption for all Nigerian diplomats, and officials.
The Chinese central government announced visa free exemption for Nigerians diplomats, and officials.
The Chinese government announced a visa exemption program for Nigerian foreign diplomats, and officials.
The Chinese central government government has announced visa exemption for Nigerian diplomats, and officials.
A BNP leader, was later also shot dead in the capital.
A senior BNP leader was also shot dead while in the capital.
A BNP party leader, was shot dead while in the capital.
A BNP deputy leader, was shot dead in defending the capital.
A BNP leader was also shot dead while in defending the capital.
The growing US economy has added over 203, 000 jobs in November.
The US economy added 203, 000 000 000 jobs nationwide in November.
The growing US economy added 203, 000 jobs, nationwide in November.
The US economy added 203, 000 in new manufacturing jobs in November.
The US economy added over 203, 000 new jobs starting in November.
Vodacom will acquire half a 100 percent stakeholding in Neotel.
Vodacom will acquire 100 - percent majority stakeholding in Neotel.
Vodacom will also acquire 100 percent of stakeholding in Neotel.
Vodacom will later also partially acquire 100 percent stake in Neotel.
Vodacom will acquire 100 percent - 100 percent stake in Neotel.
Pitch Perfect will be also releasing as a Christmas holiday album.
Pitch Perfect Perfect will be releasing a new Christmas holiday album.
Pitch Perfect World Music Records will be releasing a holiday album.
Pitch - Perfect will be releasing as a Christmas holiday album.
Pitch Perfect will also be releasing as a Christmas holiday album.
An user caught was a homeless man on a unicycle, walking his own dog way back down Atlantic Avenue in Boerum Hill.
An user caught a young man on a small white unicycle walking with his dog down to Atlantic Avenue, in Boerum Hill.
An unusual user caught here was a man on a unicycle walking with his dog down to Atlantic City Avenue in Boerum Hill.
An Internet - forum user caught a homeless homeless man on a unicycle walking his dog dog down Atlantic Avenue in Boerum Hill.
An user caught a man walking on a unicycle, while walking with his dog down Atlantic - City Avenue in Boerum Hill.
The National Weather Weather Service Service also has issued a winter storm watch warning for the Greater Aiken area.
The National Weather Service has also issued a separate winter storm and weather watch for both the Aiken area.
The entire entire US National Weather Weather Service has not issued a winter storm watch for the Aiken area.
The National Weather Service, has also been issued a winter storm weather watch for only the Aiken area.
The National Weather Weather Service also has issued a mandatory winter storm watch for only in the Aiken area.
Max Baucuso was officially confirmed on Thursday as US Deputy Vice Ambassador to China.
Maxine Baucuso was confirmed on Thursday night, as US Ambassador to China.
Max Baucus was confirmed on Thursday as US Vice Ambassador heading straight back to China.
Max Baucus was confirmed there, on Thursday, as the US Ambassador to China.
Max Baucus was also then officially confirmed on Thursday night as US Ambassador to China.
Intellect isn't really just chips.
Intel isn't really, just chips.
Intellect isn't really just chips.
Intel isn't even really just chips.
Intellectual isn't just chips.
Rihanna, has won damages in her case against Topshop.
Rihanna has won in her court case back against Topshop.
Rihanna has since won in her case, against Topshop.
Rihanna has won in her court case, against Topshop.
Rihanna however has since won her case back against Topshop.
Italy international captain Sergio De Parisse will make his 2012 Stade Francais return.
Italy senior international captain Sergio Parissecchi will make his Stade Francais return.
Italy international captain, Sergio Parisse will make his first Stade Francais return.
Italy captain Sergio Parisse will make arrangements for his former Stade Francais return.
Italy international captain Sergio Parisse will also make his first Stade Francais return.
Jennifer Lee Lawrence slammed TV - show The Fashion Police.
Jennifer Lawrence slammed the TV - show, Fashion Police.
Jennifer Lawrence slammed TV - reality TV show Fashion Police.
Jennifer Lawrence also has slammed TV - show Fashion Police.
Jennifer Lawrence has also slammed TV show The Fashion Police.
Sloane and Stephens advanced to the second round robin of the Rogers Cup.
Sloane Stephens advanced directly to the round robin of winning the Rogers Cup.
Sloane and Stephens advanced to the second round of the 2012 Rogers Cup.
Sloane Stephens advanced to the round of the 16 the 2018 Rogers Cup.
Sloane Stephens then advanced to the second round robin of the Rogers Cup.
They may also are looking for a man who has indecently assaulted a child living alone in East Boston.
They also are looking out for a young man who has indecently assaulted a child in South East Boston.
They are looking for a beautiful young man who indecently assaulted such a young child in South East Boston.
They are looking for a maniac who has just sexually indecently assaulted a young child in East Boston.
They are also looking for a man who indecently sexually assaulted a child in the South - East Boston.
A major legal legality challenge campaign has been launched against a West Midlands local plan.
A legal challenge and campaign has recently also been launched against a West Midlands local plan.
A major legal challenge has been more recently launched against such a West Midlands local plan.
A legal challenge has been launched against a proposed proposed North West - Midlands local plan.
A major legal challenge has recently been launched against a West Mid - Midlands local plan.
SEMA will kick off with launching its 2014 web webinar series.
SEMA will kick - - off its 2014 web webinar series.
SEMA will kick off its Spring 2014 web and webinar series.
SEMA will be also kick off with its 2014 webinar series.
SEMA will kick off with its 2014 first web webinar series.
Leonidas kicked off in the Clausura 2009 season, with a 1 1 draw against Atlante.
Leonidas kicked off the 2009 Clausura season with a 1 1 1 draw away against Atlante.
Leonidas kicked off the Clausura season, starting off with a 1 1 draw against Atlante.
Leon kicked off off the Clausura season with a 1 1 away draw away win against Atlante.
Leon kicked off the Clausura 2009 season with only managing a 1 1 draw away against Atlante.
Katie Holmes - Holmes, who plays, loved acting as she enjoys, doing strong female characters.
Katie Holmes Holmes, actress who also plays, loved as she enjoys, doing strong female characters.
Katie Holmes Holmes Holmes, who plays, loved acting as she enjoys, doing strong female characters.
Katie Holmes, who she also plays, loved as well she also enjoys doing strong female characters.
Katie Holmes Holmes, who she also plays, loved as she also enjoys doing strong female characters.
It is to draw up a line up between Burmese politics and religion, such as Myanmar's Thein Sein quoted.
It is to draw a line up, between Burmese politics, and religion, Myanmar's President Thein Sein quoted.
It is not possible to draw such a straight line between politics and the religion, Myanmar's Thein Sein quoted.
It is to also draw up a line up between politics and the religion, Myanmar's President Thein Sein quoted.
It is time to finally draw up a line between politics and religion, Myanmar's President Thein Mu Sein quoted.
Luke Campbell is now taking quite a break.
Luke - Campbell is now taking a break.
Luke Campbell, is now taking a break.
Luke Campbell, is now taking a break.
Luke - Campbell is seen taking a break.
A Westminster Police woman is being charged yet again with 47 counts of forgery, and other related charges.
A Westminster Police woman is being formally charged again with 471 counts of document forgery and related charges.
A Westminster woman is being held and charged with over 47 counts of forgery and several other related charges.
A former Westminster woman is being charged with 472 counts of forged document forgery and other related charges.
A Westminster woman is being held charged with over 472 counts of forgery and numerous other related charges.
The Philadelphia Flyers had just turned the worst start into a playoff berth.
The Philadelphia Flyers turned from the worst start into a guaranteed playoff berth.
The Flyers turned the second worst start into a guaranteed playoff playoff berth.
The Flyers turned from having the worst season start into a playoff berth.
The Flyers turned the worst start up into a better guaranteed playoff berth.
Investors who invest should own AMD in 2014.
Investors who should not own AMD in 2014.
Investors who should own the AMD in 2014.
Investors who should own the AMD in 2014.
Investors should not only own AMD in 2014.
Lena Headey is going on tour to be prominently featured narrating the audiobook version, Low Down.
Lena Headey is also going to be also be narrating the audiobook audio version, Low Down.
Lenard Headey is going - on to be narrating the audiobook version, titled Low Down.
Lena Headey is going on to be heard narrating in the audiobook version, titled Low Down.
Lena Headey is also going on to be narrating the audiobook audio version, titled Low Down.
THE family has always paid a loving tribute to their beautiful wee Hazel.
THE family here has always paid tribute to their beautiful, wee Hazel.
THE family has paid a tribute to their most - beautiful wee Hazel.
THE Royal family has paid tribute to their beautiful, beautiful wee Hazel.
THE English royal family has paid tribute to their beautiful little wee Hazel.
India also has extended visa - on arrival facility programs to 180 countries.
India has extended visa on arrival visa facility for access to 180 countries.
India also currently has extended visa on arrival visa facility to 180 countries.
India has extended visa on - arrival visa facility access to 180 countries.
India Tourism has extended its visa on arrival facility program to 180 countries.
Greg McElroy will join with on air the SEC Network.
Greg McElroy will also join with the new SEC Network.
Greg McElroy will also join forces with the SEC Network.
Greg McElroy, will join with on the SEC Network.
Greg McElroy, will join the new NBC SEC Network.
A Rockford County man who turns 105 on what Thanksgiving he has earned.
A Rockford County man who turns 105 years on Thanksgiving Day has earned.
A Rockford - County man who turns 105 on what Thanksgiving has earned.
A Rockford family man who turns down 105 on what Thanksgiving has earned.
A Rockford maniac who suddenly turns 105th on Thanksgiving has earned.
By deferring the total cash flow of make the online emarketing lots fast.
By deferring the cash flow of make online emarketing makes the lots fast.
By : deferring the cash of make online and making emarketing lots fast.
By deferring the cash rate of the interest make online emarketing lots fast.
By deferring the cash of buying the make online and emarketing lots fast.
The man injured in a previous explosion has not yet been identified.
The third man injured earlier in the a explosion has been identified.
The man severely injured in such a gas explosion has been identified.
The only other man not injured in a explosion has been identified.
The same man injured earlier in a similar explosion has been identified.
Rupee prices dropped up to two and a month, low against the US US dollar.
Rupee dropped back down to two and a half month low against half the US dollar.
Rupee prices dropped to two years and a month low against half the US US dollar.
Rupee dropped to two and a half a month, low against the US US dollar.
Rupee oil prices had dropped to two and a month low against half the US dollar.
A Nepali social worker has died in Malaysia.
A further third Nepali worker died in Malaysia.
A Nepali worker also died later in Malaysia.
A third Nepali worker died later in Malaysia.
A Nepali worker also died later in Malaysia.
Rick Wader is currently seeking the Democratic nomination, for the US State Senate seat.
Rick Wade is seeking the 2016 US Democratic nomination, for the vacant US Senate seat.
Rick Wader is seeking the Democratic nomination, for seeking for the US Senate seat.
Rickey Wader is seeking for the Democratic Party nomination for the US Senate seat.
Rickey Wader is seeking the Democratic nomination for seeking the US. Senate seat.
Charlie Collins says he has plans not to ever run for either the GOP presidential nomination for lieutenant governor.
Charlie Collins says that he still has plans not to again run for the GOP nomination for lieutenant governor.
Charlie Collins also says that he still has plans not to run for the GOP nomination for lieutenant governor.
Charlie Lee Collins says he still has plans not to run for the GOP nomination for California lieutenant governor.
Charlier Collins also publicly says that he plans to run for the 2018 GOP nomination for lieutenant governor.
One person had made such a difference.
One more person made such a difference.
One person who had made a difference.
One more person had made a difference.
One person had made such a difference.
Six chains worth about Rs 2. 25 75 per lakh were snatched.
Six gold chains each worth Rs 2. 75 per lakh were snatched.
Six chains worth Rs. - 2. 5 75 lakh were snatched.
Six chains worth about Rs Rs. 2. 75 lakh were snatched.
Six chains worth about Rs. 2. 75 per lakh were snatched.
Libya itself is struggling financially trying to resume oil exports.
Libya itself is also struggling to resume its oil exports.
Libya is struggling enough financially to resume its oil exports.
Libya is struggling to ever fully - resume oil exports.
Libya itself is also struggling to fully resume oil exports.
Oscar Pistorius has pleaded to the not guilty.
Oscar Pistorius, has since pleaded not guilty.
Oscar Pistorius has since then pleaded not guilty.
Oscar de Pistorius has since pleaded not guilty.
Oscar Pistorius, has pleaded but not guilty.
A group member is also calling on the New Castle County to ban closing the box.
A local group is calling on to the New - Castle County to ban the box.
A group is also calling out on New - Castle County to ban closing the box.
A community group is calling on New Castle County officials to temporarily temporarily ban the box.
A group is also calling people out on New Castle County lines to ban the box.
Yasser Arafat himself, was poisoned.
Yasser Arafat himself, was poisoned.
Yasser Arafat, himself was poisoned.
Yasser Arafat himself, was poisoned.
Yasser ibn Arafat himself was poisoned.
Two people have also been recently sentenced on meth related charges in the neighboring Saline County.
Two other people have also since then been sentenced on meth related charges in Saline County.
Two people have since been sentenced on meth - related charges, in neighboring Saline County.
Two people have been sentenced on drug meth related charges, in neighboring northern Saline County.
Two people have been recently sentenced on meth related charges, both located in Saline County.
Manchester City United'manager David Moyes has hailed in the form of midfielder David De Gea.
Manchester United manager David Moyes has been hailed in the form of Davide de De Gea.
Manchester United manager David Moyes, also, has hailed in the form of David De Gea.
Manchester Motor City United assistant manager, David Moyes has hailed the form of David De Gea.
Manchester United manager, David Moyes, has also often hailed the form of David De Gea.
BART A police and patrol car officer was fatally shot while on a car search by a fellow officer.
BART police officer was later, fatally shot shot while on a car - search by a fellow officer.
BART police - station officer was fatally shot dead while riding on board a search by a fellow officer.
BART A police officer was fatally shot shot while out driving on a search by just a fellow officer.
BART police officer was fatally - shot, apparently while riding on board a search by a fellow officer.
Microsoft India has built a web portal service for its Indian developers.
Microsoft has built a free web - portal for its Indian developers.
Microsoft has built a web portal service specifically for its Indian developers.
Microsoft has also built a portal service portal for its Indian developers.
Microsoft has built up online a web portal for its Indian developers.
The then Ministry of of Health Welfare and Family Social Welfare of India reconstituted as the Medical Council of India.
The Ministry of Health Services and Family Welfare of South India has reconstituted the Medical Council and Board of India.
The Ministry of Public Health, and Family Social Welfare of India reconstituted the Central Medical Council Board of India.
The Ministry of of Health Services and Family Social Welfare of India reconstituted the National Medical Council, of India.
The Ministrys of Health and the Family Welfare of British India reconstituted the Medical Council Societys of India.
Protesters in Bahrain also held up a proto - democracy demonstration.
Protesters also protesting in Bahrain held a proto - democracy demonstration.
Protesters in southern Bahrain held up a proto - democracy demonstration.
Protesters also protesting in Bahrain held a pro - parliamentary democracy demonstration.
Protesters in Bahrain held up a proto - parliamentary democracy demonstration.
Deniro Farrar, who has been signed to VICE Warner Bros. Records.
Deniro Farrar, has signed to the VICE label Warner Bros. Records.
Deniro Farrar has signed him to join the VICE Warner Bros. Records.
Deniron Farrar has signed to join the VICE Warner Bros. Records.
Deniron Farrar has signed to the label VICE Warner Bros. Records.
A woman has died in " setting a house on fire west.
A woman has recently " died in a burning house fire west.
A young woman who has died in a house on fire west.
A young married woman who has died in a house fire west.
A woman has died " in " a small house fire west.
A Great Falls man was later also charged with a countdown of conduct obstructing justice.
A Great White River Falls maniac was charged with a count of theft obstructing justice.
A Great River Falls man was also also later charged with a count of obstructing justice.
A young Great Falls maniac was later charged with a count of crimes obstructing justice.
A young Great Falls police maniac was later charged with a count of obstructing justice.
The same second MIM, which while opposing Hyderabad common capital, made.
The MIM, and while still opposing Hyderabad as common capital, made.
The new MIM, while still opposing the Hyderabad common capital, made.
The MIM, while still opposing Hyderabad State as common capital, made.
The MIM, even while opposing Hyderabad as a common capital, made.
Chartered surveyors have also called for introducing a cap on house - price price rises.
Chartered land surveyors have called for introducing a cap on house - sale price rises.
Chartered land surveyors have also called for for a cap on all house price rises.
Chartered surveyors also have called for a cap or cap reduction on house price rises.
Chartered British land surveyors also have called for a higher cap on house price rises.
Keira Knightley is getting very tired because of her characters dying.
Keira Knightley is tired of seeing her own fellow characters dying.
Keira Knightley is getting tired of just watching her characters dying.
Keiran Knightley is tired out of her own characters dying.
Keiran Knightley is tired out of her own characters dying.
Leonardo DiCaprio has won Best Actor at both both of them the 2014 Golden Globes.
Leonardo DiCaprio has won Best Supporting Actor at the December, 2014, Golden Globes.
Leonardo DiCaprio has won Best Actor award at the 2014 Italian TV Movie Golden Globes.
Leonardo Leonardo DiCaprio has won twice for the Best Actor at the 2014 Golden Globes.
Leonardo DiCaprio himself, has won Best Supporting Actor at the two 2014 Golden Globes.
Home support workers also may have voluntarily rejected their employer's offer.
Homeless support workers may also have rejected their employer's offer.
Home support migrant workers have also rejected their former employer's offer.
Home support workers may also have also rejected their employer's offer.
Home support workers have rejected their former - employer employer's offer.
Anadarko Petroleum is to drill for gas deposits off the coast of Otago starting early in January.
Anadarko is to begin drill for gas reserves offshore off the west coast of Otago in January.
Anadarko is scheduled to begin drill for gas off of the coast north of Otago in January.
Anadarko is to begin drills for gas off the coast of Otago starting early in January.
Anadarko is to drill for gas off of to the coast north of Otago starting in January.
Arian - Foster - is still out dealing with back soreness.
Arian Foster, is also still out dealing with back soreness.
Arian Foster is still not dealing well with his back soreness.
Arian Foster, who is also still dealing with back soreness.
Arian Foster is probably still out dealing again with back soreness.
The owner of a lottery winning National Lottery ticket that he bought in Rugby has come forward.
The former owner of a winning Lottery lottery ticket bought in Rugby Union Park has come forward.
The ownership of a winning Lottery lottery lottery ticket bought out in Rugby has come forward.
The owner of a winning Lottery ticket bought - out in Bath Rugby Club has come forward.
The ownership of having a winning Lottery winning lottery ticket bought in Rugby has come forward.
A Gardiner maniac who has also been charged with a stabbing.
A young John Gardiners man has been charged with a stabbing.
A Gardiners maniac has been charged, with a stabbing.
A Gardiners'man has also been charged with a stabbing.
A Gardiners maniac has been charged with causing a stabbing.
Serzh Sargsyan had had a telephone conversation there with, and the former US Secretary General of John Kerry.
Serzh Sargsyan had recently had had a brief, telephone conversation with the former US Secretary of John Kerry.
Serzh and President Sargsyan also had had a telephone conversation with the US Secretary - General of John Kerry.
Serzh Sargsyan had recently also had a telephone conversation with then - - the US Secretary of John Kerry.
Serzh Sargsyan, had also had a brief private telephone conversation with the US Assistant Secretary of John Kerry.
A biker who bit his girlfriend's bloody nose off leaving a big gaping, bloody hole has probably already been jailed here for eight years.
A biker who bit off his girlfriend's nose off leaving her with a gaping bloody hole, has been also subsequently jailed for eight years.
A biker who just bit his girlfriend's nose off, leaving a gaping, gaping, and bloody hole has been jailed for eight years.
A handsome young biker who bit his girlfriend's nose to clean off leaving a big gaping bloody hole has just been jailed for eight years.
A biker who once bit half his girlfriend's nose off, leaving her a gaping, bloody hole has now been jailed for eight years.
Trail Blazers guard, guard, Mo Williams, will opt out of his contract.
Trail Trail Trail Blazers guard Mo Williams will opt him out because of his contract.
Trail Trail Blazers guard, Mo Williams will also opt out of extending his contract.
Trail Blazers guard, Mort Williams will opt out instead of extending his contract.
Trail Blazers guard Morty Williams, will opt him out of his contract.
Bidzina Ivanishvili, will name after him his successor next week.
Bidzina Ivanishvili will also name him his own successor next week.
Bidzina Ivanishvili, will also name as his successor next week.
Bidzina Ivanishvili, who will name his successor the next week.
Bidzina Ivanishvili, who then will name his successor next week.
Uddhav and John Thackeray will inaugurate a new photojournalism course.
Uddhav, Thackeray, will inaugurate a new photojournalism course.
Uddhav Kumar and John Thackeray will inaugurate a photojournalism course.
Uddhav Thackeray will also also inaugurate in a photojournalism course.
Uddhav Thackeray will also help also inaugurate a photojournalism course.
None else they would be allowed access to play with people's rights.
None would ever again be allowed to openly play with people's rights.
None would be allowed to even play games dealing with people's rights.
None else they would be allowed to openly play with people's rights.
None would be even remotely allowed to play with other people's rights.
Diego Maradona has since also appealed directly to the European Union.
Diego Maradona, has appealed to the entire Western European Union.
Diego Maradona has appealed almost directly to the entire European Union.
Diego Diego Maradona has appealed to join the entire European Union.
Diego Maradona, has appealed to join the new European Union.
The interim budget proposal does not inspire the voters any confidence.
The proposed interim national budget proposal does not inspire any confidence.
The proposed 2009 interim government budget does not inspire any confidence.
The interim budget does not even really inspire him any confidence.
The interim government budget does however don't inspire any confidence.
Dicebox will also be host its first mobile hackathon.
Dice will also host its first - ever mobile hackathon.
Dice will also host its very own first mobile hackathon.
Dicebox will now also host its first mobile hackathon.
Dice will host its very own first ever mobile hackathon.
Imran Khan Bahadur has vowed never to again make the Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa completely different from other provinces.
Imran Khan - Bahadur has also vowed to make Khyber - Pakhtoonkhwa completely different from other provinces.
Imran Khan has vowed to always help make Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa completely very different from the other provinces.
Imran Khan has vowed also to make Khyber - and Pakhtoonkhwa province completely different from other provinces.
Imran Ali Khan, has vowed to help make Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa completely different province from other provinces.
Twins born in the two different years are.
Twins born in two different birth years are.
Twins were born in two different years are.
Twins born in the two different years are.
Twins born in the two different years are.
Winnebago Industries is celebrating with pride the career success of one, a man who has not already actually worked at the company for 50 years.
Winnebago Heavy Industries is celebrating the career of one, or even a single man, who has worked at the company for over 50 years.
Winnebago Industries is now celebrating the career of one, a man who has already worked at running the family company very successfully for 50 years.
Winnebago Heavy Industries is celebrating the career of just this one, a man, who himself has already worked at the company for 50 years.
Winnebago Industries Inc is celebrating with the successful career of one, a man who has worked at the entire company headquarters for over 50 years.
Dr. Pepper will be officially being named as the presenting title sponsor of the new College Football Playoff trophy.
Dr. Pepper will be the official presenting title sponsor of the new College Division Football Championship and Playoff trophy.
Dr. Pepper will be the presenting title sponsor and title sponsor of the new College Football Championship Playoff trophy.
Dr. Pepper will be the presenting title sponsor sponsor of all aspects of the new College Football Playoff trophy.
Dr. Peppers will be the presenting sponsor sponsor of the new College Football Atlantic Division Football Playoff trophy.
Post Holdings Limited is also buying the PowerBar and Musashi TV brands, from Nestle.
Post Holdings Private Limited, is also buying the PowerBar and Musashi brands from Nestle.
Post Office Holdings is buying - out the PowerBar and Musashi TV brands from Nestle.
Post Holdings Limited, is buying out the former PowerBar and Musashi brands from Nestle.
Post Holdings is buying the PowerBar brand and the Musashi - brand brands from Nestle.
How much will your life be ever deemed of worth under ObamaCare.
How much will making your own life really be worth under ObamaCare.
How very much will all your own life be worth under ObamaCare.
How much more will your life possibly ever be worth under ObamaCare.
How much will in your next life be worth living under ObamaCare.
House gas prices also continued to rise.
Housebuilding prices have continued to rise.
House prices also have continued to rise.
Housebuilding equipment prices continued to rise.
House prices have also continued to rise.
Arjun Rampal Singh has extended himself by launching on his official Facebook page.
Arjuna Rampal Singh has extended by launching his official official Facebook page.
Arjuna Rampala has extended himself by launching his official Facebook page.
Arjun Rampal has also been extended by launching his own official Facebook page.
Arjuna Rampal has extended by launching his very own official Facebook page.
The Newport Friars'Walk regeneration scheme located in near the centre of Newport has taken a significant step forward.
The Newport Friars Walk urban regeneration scheme in particular the centre of Newport has also taken a significant step forward.
The Friars Walk scheme in the centre of Newport, has not taken just such a significant positive step forward.
The Friars'Walk scheme in the centre west of Newport has more recently also taken a significant step forward.
The Friars Walk regeneration scheme in near the city centre of central Newport has also taken a significant step forward.
Science, applied information technology and technological innovation are important drivers.
Science, information technology, and innovation also are important drivers.
Science, information technology and technological innovation are also important drivers.
Science, information technology, and innovation also are important drivers.
Science, applied information technology and technological innovation are important drivers.
VITRONIC Machine - Vision LTD, is proud to announce it has been awarded a new contract, designed to automate the manual processing process of small flats, and small parcels.
VITRONIC Machine Vision LTD Ltd is proud of enough to announce that it has been awarded a new contract to help automate almost the entire manual processing of flats and small parcels.
VITRONIC Machine and Vision LTD is proud to announce it has been successfully awarded with a contract to automate the manual image processing of the small flat flats and the small parcels.
VITRONIC Machine Visions, LTD, Ltd is proud to proudly announce it has been awarded a contract to automate the manual image processing of the flats and other small parcels.
VITRONIC Machine and Visions LTD is proud to proudly proudly announce it and has been awarded a contract to help automate the manual and mass processing of flats and small parcels.
A council official conned his local planning authority manager out of more than £ 11, 000, 000, by setting up a new fake company.
A council official conned his local authority out of more than £5, 11, 000 000 000 by not setting up such a fake company.
A local council official conned his local authority taking out bank loans of more than £5 11, 000 by setting up a small fake company.
A council official conned his local planning authority out of more money than the just £ 11, 000 spent by setting up a new fake company.
A council official conned his local local authority out of more than £ 11, 000 by allegedly secretly setting him up a very small fake company.
15 other Albuquerque men have also been indicted on drug - trafficking charges.
15 Albuquerque men have since been indicted once again on drug trafficking charges.
15 other Albuquerque men have since been indicted on federal drug trafficking charges.
15 Albuquerque men have since been formally formally indicted on drug trafficking charges.
15 Albuquerque men have been ever formally indicted, on drug trafficking charges.
Synapsis has also recently opened its third data center, in Chile.
Synapsis has opened up its third data processing technology center in Chile.
Synapsis has recently also opened up its third data center in Chile.
Synapsis has also opened up its third national data center in Chile.
Synapsis has also opened up its third data processing center in Chile.
Rotation is being carried carry - out here at nearby the Russian 102nd military base.
Rotation is being mainly carried - out here at the Russian Army 102nd military base.
Rotation work is being also carried - out here at the Russian 102nd military base.
Rotation is currently being more successfully carried out at the Russian 102nd Guards military base.
Rotation is being carried out from here at the former East Russian 102nd military base.
The expansion Tampa Bay Tampa Buccaneers added by - signing Troy Nolan.
The expansion Tampa - Bay Buccaneers added by signing quarterback Troy Nolan.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers players were also added by signing Troy Nolan.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers also added more depth by signing Troy Nolan.
The expansion season Tampa Tampa Bay Buccaneers added by signing Troy Nolan.
Siemens form up a joint venture to make engines for hybrid electric and electric vehicles, resulting in the first joint - venture venture in China.
Siemens would form a joint - venture, to make engines for hybrid and electric - motor vehicles, in establishing the joint venture in China.
Siemens form a new joint - venture to make engines for both hybrids and electric vehicles, in 2015 the first joint venture in China.
Siemens form a joint - venture joint venture, to make diesel engines for hybrid and battery electric vehicles, in the joint venture in China.
Siemens form a joint venture company to make diesel engines suitable for hybrid electric and battery electric vehicles, in the joint venture headquarters in China.
GEORGE, DUKE, but a composer has passed.
GEORGE DUKE, a very famous composer has passed.
GEORGE DUKE, as a composer, has passed.
GEORGE, DUKE, and a composer has passed.
GEORGE DUKE, but a great composer has passed.
The MRCAR is watching for flood factors.
The local MRCA is watching for flood factors.
The MRCAC is also watching flood factors.
The MRCA is now also watching flood factors.
The local MRCAC is watching flood factors.
A high - school crossing guard was injured.
A local school bus crossing guard was injured.
A school - crossing security guard was injured.
A local high school crossing guard was injured.
A school bus crossing security guard was injured.
BBC anchorman Komla Dumora has died.
BBC anchor Komla Dumora, has died.
BBC news - anchor Komla Dumor has died.
BBC anchor Komlaj Dumora has died.
BBC news anchor, Komla Dumor has died.
Sheldon Whitehouse III is praising the entire NBA and other sports organizations worldwide for taking steps to address global climate change.
Sheldon Whitehouse is praising the NBA players and sports news media organizations for their successfully taking steps to address climate change.
Sheldon Whitehouse, III is praising the NBA and sports news organizations for taking such significant steps to address climate change.
Sheldon Whitehouse III is praising the NBA and sports organizations worldwide for their successfully successfully taking steps to address climate change.
Sheldon and Whitehouse is praising the brand new NBA and other major sports organizations for taking steps to address climate change.
The US US Army and State Department has since finally confirmed terrorist organizations that were behind the Benghazi attack.
The US US State Department investigation has since since then finally confirmed terrorist organizations were behind the Benghazi attack.
The US US State Department has finally confirmed terrorist organizations that claim they were behind in the Benghazi attack.
The US US Army State Department has finally confirmed terrorist - organizations that were behind the 2016 Benghazi attack.
The US State Department has now finally confirmed terrorist organizations, those that were responsible behind the Benghazi attack.
China condemned a dozen of suicide bomb blasts in Pakistan.
China government has condemned a few suicide blasts in Pakistan.
China condemned even such a suicide blasts attack in Pakistan.
China condemned above all to a suicide blasts in Pakistan.
China condemned a planned suicide bomb blasts attack in Pakistan.
The House Joint Select Committee on Education will hold such a public hearing.
The Senate Joint Committee on Education also, will hold a public hearing.
The Joint Committee Committee on Education will not hold such a public hearing.
The Joint Select Committee Committee on Education will hold a special public hearing.
The Joint Select Committee on Higher Education will not hold a public hearing.
Edgar Davids, is currently considering retirement.
Edgar Davids himself, is considering retirement.
Edgar Davids himself, is considering retirement.
Edgard - Davids is considering retirement.
Edgar Davids himself, is considering retirement.
Ijaz Munir has almost always directed the officership of Health Department to deal with the visitors, especially with respect.
Ijaz Munir Ahmad has directed the officership of Health Services Department to deal with all the foreign visitors with respect.
Ijaz Munir has directed all the officers head of Health Services Department to deal with the foreign visitors, with respect.
Ijaz Munir has always directed all the senior officers of the Health Departments to deal with the visitors with respect.
Ijaz Muhammad Munir Ahmad has directed the officers of Health Services Departments to deal with the visitors, with respect.
Sunshine drew crowds to a Woolton Hill fete, eventually raising thousands more for building the village church.
Sunshine drew crowds to a very large Woolton Mill Hill fete, raising thousands for the village church.
Sunshine drew crowds to attend a Woolton Hill fete, raising many thousands for the new village church.
Sunshine drew to a Woolton Hill fete, raising over several thousands more for the new village church.
Sunshine also drew crowds to a Woolton Hill fete, raising many thousands for the new village church.
Franz - Ferdinand Band frontman Alex Kapranos has apologized publicly to Pharrell.
Franz Ferdinand frontman, guitarist Alex Kapranost has apologized to Pharrell.
Franz Ferdinand frontman Alexas Kapranos has long since apologized to Pharrell.
Franz Ferdinand frontman, guitarist Alex Kapranos has apologized publicly to Pharrell.
Franz - Ferdinand frontman Alex Kapranos has apologized publicly according to Pharrell.
Pakistan also released its Taliban leader detainee, Abdul - Ghani Baradar.
Pakistan also illegally released out its Taliban detainee, Abdul Ghani Baradar.
Pakistan released its Taliban detainee, Khalid Sheikh Abdul - Ghani Baradar.
Pakistan released only its first Taliban detainee, Mohammad Abdul Ghani Baradar.
Pakistan released not only its Taliban detainee, Mohammad Abdul Ghani Baradar.
Police officers are investigating the unexplained death say.
Police investigating the " unexplained " death say.
Police are investigating the unexplained sudden death say.
Police investigating the " unexplained sudden death say.
Police are also investigating the unexplained death say.
Faking the News brings viewers back exclusive pictures of Lok Sabha debates after cameras were switched off.
Faking News also brings exclusive pictures coverage of Lok Lok Sabha after cameras were temporarily switched off.
Faking the News brings viewers back exclusive pictures of Lok Sabha after the cameras were switched off.
Faking News brings exclusive pictures taken outside of Lok Lok Sabha debates after cameras were switched off.
Faking the News brings exclusive motion - pictures of Lok Sabha after cameras that were switched off.
Patrick Wilson himself, has defended her.
Patrick James Wilson, has defended her.
Patrick Wilson himself, has defended her.
Patrick James - Wilson has defended her.
Patrick - Wilson himself has defended her.
Jhonny de Peralta is very close to signing with the St. - Louis Cardinals.
Jhonny Peralta, is close to signing on with, the St. Louis Cardinals.
Jhonnye Peralta is close to signing with the St. Joe - Louis Cardinals.
Jhonnye Peralta is close to signing on with the MLB St. Louis Cardinals.
Jhonny Peralta, is close enough to announcing his signing with the St Louis Cardinals.
James'` ` Whitey'' Bulger will appeal against the federal racketeering conviction.
James'` ` Whitey'' Bulger'will appeal against the racketeering conviction.
James'` ` Whitey'' Bulger'will not appeal the racketeering conviction.
James ` ` Whitey'' James Bulger'will appeal the federal racketeering conviction.
James'` ` Whitey'' Bulger will not appeal the federal racketeering conviction.
Sugarcane prices continued on to rally, gaining by Rs. 35 40s a quintal.
Sugar prices also continued to rally, eventually gaining by Rs 35. 40, a quintal.
Sugar prices continued on to rally, gaining by just over Rs. 35 40 a quintal.
Sugar prices also continued to rapidly rally, eventually gaining power by Rs 35 40 a quintal.
Sugar prices continued to rally, eventually gaining by Rs. 1 1 35 40 a quintal.
The smart home automation market is also currently being expected to hit US $ US 917 million in 2017.
The global smartphone and home automation market is expected to eventually hit $ 917 million annually in 2017.
The smartphone home in - building automation market is now expected to hit $ 917 million in 2017.
The smart home automation market segment is expected to to hit $ 91794 million annually in 2017.
The smart home automation market is also expected to hit US $ US 9172 million annually in 2017.
The new Catholic Pope's new Spanish cardinal has likened homosexuality back to being a defect.
The Pope's new Spanish Catholic cardinal has long since likened homosexuality back to a defect.
The new Catholic Pope's newfound fellow Spanish cardinal has likened homosexuality to a defect.
The Pope's then - new Spanish cardinal has likened his homosexuality to being a defect.
The then new Pope's then new Spanish cardinal has long likened homosexuality to a defect.
The regular legislative session continues after wrapping up.
The legislative session continues after the wrapping up.
The legislative special session then continues wrapping up.
The regular legislative session session continues wrapping up.
The legislative special session continues after wrapping up.
The Australian share market market share is lower.
The Australian market - share market is lower.
The average Australian share of market is lower.
The Australian share market market share is lower.
The Australian share of the market is lower.
China Moon was launched on its first moon rover mission.
China launched on its first ever manned moon rover mission.
China also launched its first manned moon - rover mission.
China launched its first ever manned moon - rover mission.
China launched on its first moon - landing rover mission.
The Indian Congress had no longer such clear policy on countering Naxalism.
The Congress party also had no clear policy on actively countering Naxalism.
The Indian Congress also initially had no clear policy on countering Naxalism.
The Congress however had no clear policy intent on effectively countering Naxalism.
The Congress had no such a clear policy intent on countering Naxalism.
George P. Morgan Bush, will speak at at least the meeting of the Greater Washington Tomballion Pachyderm Club.
George P. H Morgan Bush, will also also speak at the meeting of the the Greater Tomball Pachyderm Club.
George P. Morgan Bush, will speak at the meeting of the the Greater Washington National Tomballion Pachyderm Club.
George P. Bush, who also will speak at the meeting of the organization the National Greater Tomball Pachyderm Club.
George P. Bush, will speak at the first annual meeting of the the Greater Washington Tomballion Pachyderm Club.
Microsoft is making up some potentially excessive profits on its Windows system by not maintaining licensing fees.
Microsoft Corporation is making excessive profits based on its proprietary Microsoft Windows system by maintaining licensing fees.
Microsoft Windows is making excessive profits on its Windows system by maintaining high user and licensing fees.
Microsoft is making excessive profits on its Windows 95 operating system, mainly by maintaining licensing fees.
Microsoft Corporation is making excessive profits on its Microsoft - Windows system by not maintaining licensing fees.
US dollar futures are rising for the first time in January this week.
US futures prices are rising for the first ever time in this week.
US dollar futures are rising for the very very first time this week.
US futures prices are also rising for the first ever time this week.
US futures are rising for perhaps the very first ever time this week.
Debra Messing feels better by now after losing 20 pounds.
Debra - Messing feels after only losing about 20 pounds.
Debra Marie Smith - Messing feels after losing 20 pounds.
Debra Messinger still feels after only losing 20 pounds.
Debra Messinger feels after losing her about 20 pounds.
Elena Baltachak may need such a transplant.
Elena Baltachak, may need a transplant.
Elena and Baltacha may need such a transplant.
Elena and even Baltacha may need a transplant.
Elena Baltachak may need such a transplant.
Sebastian Vettel led off Ferrari's Fernando Alonso in final free practice for the upcoming 2010 FIA Belgian Grand Prix.
Sebastian Vettel also led Ferrari's driver Fernando Alonso in final practice sessions for the 2010 Belgian motorcycle Grand Prix.
Sebastian Vettel also led Ferrari's Fernando - Alonso Alonso in the final practice for the Belgian motorcycle Grand Prix.
Sebastian Sebastian Vettel led Ferrari's Williams teammate Fernando - Alonso out in final practice for the Belgian Grand Prix.
Sebastian Vettel also led Ferrari's teammate Fernando - Alonso in the final practice for the 2010 Belgian Grand Prix.
Spain is to finally, emerge from all its recession.
Spain is about to finally emerge from all its recession.
Spain itself is about to emerge from all its recession.
Spain is to very very soon emerge from its recession.
Spain itself is expected to soon emerge from its recession.
Tom Van Odell praised both the Arctic Monkeys album at the Brit Awards.
Tom Odell praised both the Arctic and Arctic Monkeys at the Brit Awards.
Tom Odell praised both the two Arctic Monkeys albums at the Brit Awards.
Tom Odell has also praised the album Arctic Monkeys at the Brit Awards.
Tom Van Odell praised the Arctic Monkeys'album at the Brit Awards.
The El Paso Diablos family are undergoing negotiations now to move them back to Joplin.
The El Paso Los Diablos are also currently currently undergoing negotiations to move to Joplin.
The El Paso Diablos are currently undergoing negotiations about to permanently permanently move to Joplin.
The El Paso - Diablos are undergoing extensive negotiations about to move back to Joplin.
The El Paso Diablos are undergoing negotiations to permanently move them back home to Joplin.
The shutdowns are probably just not the real problems.
The temporary shutdown are probably just not the real problems.
The resulting temporary shutdown are not the only real problems.
The occasional temporary shutdown are just not the real problems.
The temporary government shutdowns are not the real problems.
Israeli forces have killed a young, Palestinian Arab man living in the West Bank.
Israeli security forces may have killed a Palestinian man living nearby in the West Bank.
Israeli forces have killed twice a Palestinian man killed in defending the northern West Bank.
Israeli security forces have killed off a young Palestinian man living in the West Bank.
Israeli forces have reportedly killed a young Palestinian Arab man in the northern West Bank.
The NFL committee also will not consider abolishing the second extra point.
The NFL NFL Rules committee also will consider abolishing the extra point.
The current NFL NFL committee will consider abolishing the second extra point.
The NFL Draft Rules committee will consider abolishing using the extra point.
The NFL committee also will also consider abolishing using the extra point.
Chinamen on Wednesday donated a new sea wall to Fiji.
Chinamen on Wednesdays donated a sea wall to Fiji.
China Wednesday has donated a new seaboard wall to Fiji.
China on Wednesday donated half a new sea wall to Fiji.
China Wednesday donated a new seawall wall project to Fiji.
Striker Olivier de Saint Giroud has echoed by admitting what the club needs.
Striker Olivier de Giroud, has been echoed by admitting the club needs.
Striker Olivier Giroud, has also been echoed by admitting the club needs.
Striker Olivier Giroud has been echoed by not admitting the specific club needs.
Striker, Olivier Giroud, who has echoed by admitting the club needs.
A freight train carrying crude oil was derailed and caught fire, possibly in South Alabama, authorities say.
A train carrying the crude oil derailed, crashed and caught on fire, in Alabama, authorities say.
A train carrying crude and oil derailed and caught on fire, in South Central Alabama, authorities say.
A freight train carrying crude and oil derailed, crashed and caught fire, in Alabama, authorities say.
A train carrying crude and crude oil derailed and caught fire, possibly in Alabama, local authorities say.
Peterson plans to begin to play on Sunday.
Peterson plans not to play again on Sunday.
Peterson plans to begin play sometime on Sunday.
Peterson announced plans to begin play on Sunday.
Peterson plans to play again later on Sunday.
Pakistan government also should embrace economic freedom fully.
Pakistan also should embrace its economic freedom fully.
Pakistan should embrace economic economic economic freedom fully.
Pakistan should also embrace its economic freedom fully.
Pakistan also, should embrace economic freedom fully.
The big Seattle news helicopter got and spun back around, just before it plunged.
The Seattle Times news - helicopter got and spun around like before - it plunged.
The big Seattle news helicopter got and then spun back around just before it plunged.
The Seattle news helicopter got even closer and then spun around just before it plunged.
The Seattle Times news helicopter suddenly got up and it spun around before it plunged.
The Penang state government also will have set up a task force to monitor the local river and sea pollution.
The Penang government will set up a special national task - force to help monitor riverine and sea pollution.
The new independent Penang state government will set - up up a task force to monitor river and sea pollution.
The Malaysian state of Penang government also will set up a task force to monitor riverine and sea pollution.
The Penang state government also will set up a task force, designed to monitor river and coastal sea pollution.
It's an awards season.
It's an awards season.
It's an awards season.
It's an awards season.
It's an awards season.
CRMnext, using the # # 1 commutable and cloud CRM software, releases advanced forecast management functionality.
CRMnext, # # 1 commutable and cloud CRM software, releases an advanced forecasting management functionality.
CRMnext, # 1 commutable cloud based CRM software, which releases advanced weather forecasting management functionality.
CRMnext, # # 1 commutable cloud CRM software, releases advanced cloud weather forecasting management functionality.
CRMnext, # 1 in commutable and cloud CRM software, releases an advanced forecasting management functionality.
The Western US'trade deficit was also narrowed in June.
The US trade deficit deficit was narrowed again beginning in June.
The US trade deficit was also significantly narrowed beginning in June.
The US trade - deficit deficit budget was narrowed in June.
The US trade deficit in deficits was narrowed in June.
4D, has announced the full availability date of the Wakanda 6.
4D, and has also announced the availability date of Wakanda 6.
4D, has also announced the first full availability of Wakanda 6.
4D, has announced on the availability and date of Wakanda 6.
4D, and has announced the upcoming availability of the Wakanda 6.
Workfolio and the ResumeEdge also announce partnership.
Workfolio Partners and ResumeEdge Partners announce partnership.
Workfolio and ResumeEdge also will announce partnership.
Workfolio Partners and ResumeEdge Partners announce partnership.
Workfolio and the ResumeEdge also announce partnership.
The 2010 Massachusetts unemployment rate stood at 7. 2 percent, beginning in October while the state had added more than $ 9, 000 000 jobs.
The Massachusetts'unemployment rate also stood in at at least at 7. 2 percent in October while the state added more than 9, 000 jobs.
The 2010 Massachusetts state unemployment rate had stood at 7. 2 % percent in October 2010, while the state added more than 9, 000 jobs.
The Massachusetts unemployment rate stood at 7. 2 % percent in early October while growing tourism in the state added more than than 9, 000 jobs.
The Massachusetts unemployment benefit tax rate stood at 7. 2 per percent in early October, while the state had added more than 9, 000 jobs.
The Columbus Blue Jackets team will begin kick off the playoff playoff run, as they visit the Pittsburgh Penguins.
The expansion Columbus Crew Blue - Jackets begin the 2013 playoff run, as they visit the host Pittsburgh Penguins.
The Columbus Blue Blue - Jackets begin with the playoff playoff run, as before they visit the Pittsburgh Penguins.
The expansion Columbus Blue Jackets begin off with the playoff series run, as they visit host the Pittsburgh Penguins.
The expansion Columbus Blue - Jackets begin the playoff and playoff run, as well they visit the Pittsburgh Penguins.
A Ramseur maniac is accused, of stealing a car and then running with it over a witness.
A Ramseur maniac is accused, of stealing from a car and running over to kill a witness.
A Ramseur maniac is accused, most allegedly of stealing a car and running it over a witness.
A Ramseur man is accused of allegedly deliberately stealing a car, and then running it over a witness.
A Ramseur man is accused, first of stealing a car and then running over to meet a witness.
Berkeley City College Berkeley will also host a free seminar.
Berkeley College Digital Digital Library will host a free seminar.
Berkeley College Library Services will also host a free seminar.
Berkeley College Digital Library Center will host a free seminar.
Berkeley College Library will also be host a free seminar.
Fishermen are appealing to challenge those convictions.
Fishermen who are appealing to those convictions.
Fishermen who are not appealing those convictions.
Fishermen who are not appealing those convictions.
Fishermen are now actively appealing those convictions.
Pakistan flag which is gift from Allah.
Pakistan cricket is gifted from Allah.
Pakistan flag is a gift from Allah.
Pakistan is not a gift from Allah.
Pakistan is a great gift from Allah.
Car sales rebounded once again in July.
Cargo ticket sales rebounded in July.
Car sales had rebounded again in July.
Cargo sales had rebounded in July.
Cargo sales rebounded again in July.
Liverpool is also confident Daniela and Agger won't leave.
Liverpool is now confident that only Daniel Agger won't leave.
Liverpool is confident Daniela and Aggers won't leave.
Liverpool is confident that if only Daniel Agger won't leave.
Liverpool is not confident enough that Daniel Agger won't leave.
The Greek Devil also replaced with the Aux Bon Pain cart.
The new model Greek Devil replaced the Aux Bon Pain cart.
The brand new Greek Devil replaced the Au Bon de Pain cart.
The Greek Devil has replaced the old Aux Bon Pain cart.
The Greek Devil replaced the then original Au Bon de Pain cart.
The US federal government currently is cracking down heavily on 2, 000 online hot dog sellers.
The federal federal government, currently is cracking down on over 2, 000 online dog sellers.
The federal government is cracking - down down heavily on 2, 000 illegal online dog sellers.
The federal government now is cracking down heavily heavily on 2, 000 000 online dog sellers.
The federal federal government is currently cracking down on over 2, 000 online hot dog sellers.
Alyssa Milanovich, is pregnant.
Alyssa : Milanoa is pregnant.
Alyssa Milano : Milano is pregnant.
Alyssa Milanovich, is pregnant.
Alyssa : Milanoa is pregnant.
A Puerto Rican young man has also been arrested for the production of illegal illegal child pornography.
A young Puerto Rican man has been arrested for the production of of illegal illegal child pornography.
A Puerto - Rican young man has been recently arrested for the production of illegal child pornography.
A Puerto Rican man has also been arrested for the alleged illegal production of illegal child pornography.
A young Puerto Rican man has been recently arrested again for the illegal production of child pornography.
President Uhuru - Kenyatta has warned drug lords in the same African country they will be dealt.
President General Uhuru Kenyatta has warned drug lords operating illegally in the entire country will be dealt.
President Uhuru - Kenyatta, has warned drug lords in Kenya the entire country will be dealt.
President Uhuru Kenyatta, who has warned that drug lords in the country, will be dealt.
President Uhuru Joe - Kenyatta has warned drug lords operating in the country that will be dealt.
Two local, volunteer, police departments will participate in National Prescription Drug Medication Take Day.
Two local, volunteer police departments will participate in planning the National Prescription Medication Take Day.
Two local police departments also will participate in the National Emergency Prescription Drug Medication Take Day.
Two local volunteer police departments also will participate in National Emergency Prescription Drug Medication Take Day.
Two local police departments, will also also participate in National Prescription Drug Medication Take Day.
European market shares climbed.
European market shares climbed.
European market shares climbed.
European market shares climbed.
European market shares climbed.
The federal government economic policy shutdown has also led directly to the temporary closure of both the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau.
The federal government shutdown has led almost entirely directly to the temporary closure of the Alcohol and American Tobacco Tax and International Trade Bureau.
The recent federal and federal government shutdowns has led to the temporary closure of the Federal Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau.
The federal government economic shutdown has led to and the eventual, closure of the Alcohol and American Tobacco Taxation and Trade Bureau.
The federal federal - government shutdown has also directly led directly to the temporary closure of the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau.
US Republican State Senator Joe Donnelly made such a stop at Purdue.
US Senator, Joe Donnelly made such a stopover at Purdue.
US Senator, Joe Donnelly made a stopover here at Purdue.
US Senator Joe Donnelly made just such a brief stop at Purdue.
US Senator Joe and Pat Donnelly made a brief stop at Purdue.
The Grand Hotel Amaryllis inaugurated its lobby, and model units.
The Hotel Amaryllis inaugurated in both its lobby and model units.
The Hotel Amaryllis inaugurated its lobby, restaurant and model units.
The Amaryllis inaugurated in both of its lobby and model units.
The Hotel Amaryllis inaugurated both its new lobby and model units.
A man's body was also later found floating near White Ship Island.
A young man's dead body was found, floating near Ship Island.
A man's body also found was found, floating near Ship Island.
A man's deadweighted body was found floating near Ship Island.
A man's dead body was also found, floating near Ship Island.
The first election day debate was a bore.
The election debate itself was not a bore.
The first general election debate was a bore.
The first general election debate was a bore.
The general election debate itself was a bore.
China launched as an independent experimental satellite.
China also launched an experimental experimental satellite.
China launched an experimental and experimental satellite.
China also successfully launched an experimental satellite.
China launched an experimental experimental experimental satellite.
The National Weather Service Weather Service has issued a wind - speed advisory beginning Tuesday evening.
The National Weather Service Service Service has also issued a wind advisory beginning on Tuesday evening.
The National Weather Service Service has issued a wind advisory, beginning early on Tuesday evening.
The National Weather Service has issued a wind advisory beginning early morning and on Tuesday evening.
The National Weather Service Service also has recently issued out a wind advisory beginning Tuesday evening.
Rimpled Fire and closed areas opened.
Rimpled. Fire closed areas opened.
Rim Fire and other closed areas opened.
Rim Fire closed, and areas opened.
Rim Fire closed, and areas opened.
The Texas Stars held on for just a 4 3 3 shootout victory, against hosts the Northern Iowa Wild.
The Texas Stars held off with them on for a 4 3 shootout victory, again against the Iowa Wild.
The West Texas Stars held on for just a 4 4 4 3 shootout victory against hosts the Iowa Wild.
The West Texas North Stars then held on for a 4 3 shootout overtime victory, against the Iowa Wild.
The Texas North Stars then held on for a 4 4 3 3 shootout overtime victory against the Iowa Wild.
Eight people killed were also seriously wounded in shootings across Chicago.
Eighteen people were seriously wounded, in shootings across Chicago.
Eighteen people were wounded, mostly in shootings across Chicago.
Eight people were wounded in the shootings, all across Chicago.
Eight people were seriously wounded in the police shootings across Chicago.
My mom is probably also my biggest guru.
My own momma is my biggest guru.
My own crazy mom is my biggest guru.
My momma really is my biggest guru.
My momma is my second biggest guru.
Scientists have also implanted a false memory device directly in the human brains of mice.
Scientists may have implanted a false photographic photographic memory in half the brains of mice.
Scientists have also implanted such a completely new false memory in the brains of mice.
Scientists would have implanted such a false memory in half the brainstem of mice.
Scientists have also implanted a false memory in only the brainstems of mice.
Pakistan has helped and Denmark wanted to get help in energy sector sector and many other sectors.
Pakistan has and in Denmark wanted to help develop Pakistan in energy and many other other sectors.
Pakistan has and Denmark have wanted to help in energy and development and in many other sectors.
Pakistan has helped and Denmark have wanted to help in energy sector and many other other sectors.
Pakistan has been helped and Denmark wanted to get help in energy and in many other sectors.
The planned future replacement of diving boards however has been delayed.
The planned replacement of diving - boards however has been delayed.
The replacements of the diving boards however has been delayed.
The replacementing of diving boards here has also been delayed.
The replacement of the diving boards itself has also been delayed.
Orders for durable consumer - goods plunged.
Orders for more durable consumer goods plunged.
Orders for more durable consumer goods plunged.
Orders for durable and consumer goods plunged.
Orders for durable consumer - goods plunged.
A woman traffic inspector also attempted unsuccessfully to forcibly commit suicide.
A woman and a traffic light inspector attempted to commit suicide.
A woman traffic inspector also attempted to also forcibly commit suicide.
A woman traffic inspector also attempted unsuccessfully to almost commit suicide.
A woman and a traffic inspector attempted unsuccessfully to commit suicide.
A man has been arrested in a possible connection with investigating an armed bank robbery of by a security officer.
A man has been arrested in connection with with investigating an armed robbery of a hotel room by security officer.
A man has also been arrested in making a connection with with an alleged armed robbery of a security officer.
A man has also recently also been arrested in connection with an attempted, armed robbery of a security officer.
A young man has been arrested in direct connection with investigating an attempted armed robbery killing of a security officer.
Who knew they were after an early morning explosion ripped right up through an apartment building.
Who were after an early morning gas explosion ripped right up through half an apartment building.
Who were after an early morning explosion that had ripped right through an entire apartment building.
Who were after how an early morning explosion ripped right up through an entire apartment building.
Who they were wondering after how an early morning gas explosion ripped through an apartment building.
Thiess has taken full political control of Silcar.
Thiess has taken full control now of Silcar.
Thiessen has now taken control of Silcar.
Thiessen has taken full control of Silcar.
Thiess has by now taken control of Silcar.
IRVINE, 2014 The NCAA No. 2 UCLA men's team earned its first ever MPSF win with an 18 - 5 - 0 victory, at No. 8 UC Irvine.
IRVINE, 2014 The No. 2 UCLA Bruins men's team, earned its first MPSF win, with an 18 5 victory at the No. 1 1 8 UC Irvine.
IRVINE, The No. 1 1 2 UCLA men's team earned its very first MPSF win with an 18 5 victory at the No. 1 1 8 seed UC Irvine.
IRVINE, The No. 2 UCLA Bruins men's college basketball team earned its first MPSFL win with an October 18 5 0 victory at the No. 8 UC Irvine.
IRVINE, The No. 1 2 UCLA men's team, earned its very first ever MPSF win with an 18 5 victory streak at No. 1 8 ranked UC Irvine.
A Golden - Gate Park maniac is falsely accused of having sex with a minor.
A Golden Gate man is accused twice of having anal sex, with just a minor.
A Golden Gate Park man is accused of sexually and having anal sex with a minor.
A Golden Gate man is accused falsely of having sex with a just about a minor.
A Golden - Gate man who is falsely accused of having sex with just a minor.
Republic Airways has also agreed terms to sell Frontiers Airlines for US $ 36 million.
Republic Airways has agreed terms to sell Frontier Airlines for $ US $ US 36 million.
Republic Airways Group has agreed to sell Frontiers International Airlines, for $ 36 million.
Republic Airways has since agreed to sell it to Frontier Airlines for $ $ 36 million.
Republic Airways has also recently agreed to sell Frontiers International Airlines for $ 36 million.
TrakBill has also launched a new brand new mobile app.
TrakBill has launched along with Google a new mobile app.
TrakBill has launched a brand new brand new mobile app.
TrakBill has launched a new freemium free mobile app.
TrakBills has also recently launched a new mobile app.
The Sea - Shepherd Shepherd has called on for the Federal and Australian Government to honour its whaling promise.
The Sea - Shepherd has also repeatedly been called on the Federal Australian Government to honour its whaling promise.
The Australian Sea Shepherd Shepherd has called out on the new Federal Australian Government to honour its whaling promise.
The Sea Shepherd has since also publicly called on the Federal Australian Federal Government to honour its whaling promise.
The " Sea Shepherd Society " has called on " the Federal Government " to honour its whaling promise.
Exposure to BPA increases the increased risk for developing a prostate cancer in the human tissue.
Exposure to the BPA also increases in the risk for prostate cancer in the human tissue.
Exposure to BPA increases the increased risk for prostate cancer cancer and cancer in human tissue.
Exposures to BPA increases significantly the risk for developing prostate cancers in human tissue.
Exposure to BPA increases in half of the risk for developing prostate cancer in human tissue.
Union Health and Social Welfare Ghulam Nabi Azad launched both the indigenously developed national diabetes screening system and standardized test strips.
Union Health Minister and Ghulam Mohammad Nabi Mohammad Azad launched the first indigenously developed national diabetes screening system and test strips.
Union of Health and Ghulam Mohammad Nabi Azad launched the indigenously - developed national diabetes - screening system and test strips.
Union of Health and Welfare Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad has launched the indigenously developed diabetes screening system and diabetes test strips.
Union Health and Ghulam Mohammad Nabi Azad were launched with the indigenously co - developed diabetes screening system and test strips.
Diego Simeone is also still not really thinking with Barcelona.
Diego Simeone is also also not really thinking with Barcelona.
Diego - Diego Simeone, is not thinking with Barcelona.
Diego - Simeone is not even really thinking with Barcelona.
Diego di Simeone, is also not thinking with Barcelona.
A young man is listed in critical condition after being shot twice in the right back side instead of the head.
A third man is also being listed in critical condition after allegedly being shot in the back of both the head.
A man is listed as in a critical condition after being accidentally shot twice, in the back of the head.
A man is listed in a critical condition, after allegedly being accidentally shot in the back of both the head.
A man who is also listed in critical condition after allegedly being accidentally shot in the very back of the head.
Armenia will use the large loan proceeds obtained from Eurobonds to repay the new Russian loan.
Armenia will also also help use all the proceeds from Eurobonds to repay the Russian loan.
Armenia will use the remaining proceeds obtained from the Eurobonds to repay the new Russian loan.
Armenia will use the remaining loan proceeds from the Eurobonds to repay for the Russian loan.
Armenia will use all the proceeds from Eurobonds loan guarantees to repay the new Russian loan.
More than 4 500 million Chinese had left Ghana ever since, beginning a crackdown.
More than $ 4, 500 Chinese workers had left for Ghana since a crackdown.
More than than $ 4 500 Chinese workers had left for Ghana since a crackdown.
More than 4 500 Chinese and political refugees had left Ghana since following a crackdown.
More than than 4, 500 Chinese had left Ghana ever since beginning a crackdown.
India and South Korea have signed nine agreements to continue boosting their bilateral ties.
India and South Korea signed all nine major bilateral trade agreements to boost bilateral ties.
India and the South Korea signed all nine agreements, helping to boost bilateral ties.
India and South - Korea signed nine agreements designed to help further boost bilateral ties.
India and South Asia - Korea have signed nine agreements to help boost bilateral ties.
Xavier Silaski is accepting of a 2018 training camp loan deal with the Washington Wizards.
Xavier Silaski is currently accepting a 2018 training camp deal with, the Washington Wizards.
Xavier reveals Silas is not accepting of signing a training camp deal with the Washington Wizards.
Xavier reveals Silas is not accepting terms of a training camp deal with the Washington Wizards.
Xavier Silas is accepting of a new training - camp deal, with the Washington Wizards.
A Texas man died later in causing a car crash in Sabine Parish.
A Texas man also died in causing a car crash in Sabine Parish.
A Texas Army man died later in a crash landing in Sabine Parish.
A Texas man also died, in causing a crash in Sabine Parish.
A Texas man died in 1955 causing such a crash in Sabine Parish.
A billboard showing Barack - Obama with an oversized Adolf Hitler mustache has also also sparked outrage.
A large billboard showing Barack Obama with only half an Adolf Hitler mustache has also sparked outrage.
A large campaign billboard showing Barack Obama with an Adolf Hitler - Hitler mustache has sparked outrage.
A billboard showing former President Barack Obama with an Adolf Hitler reddened mustache has sparked outrage.
A billboard showing President Barack Obama with only an Adolf Hitler - Hitler mustache has sparked outrage.
German President Christian Friedrich von Wulff faces trial.
German President Christian - Friedrich Wulff faces trial.
German President Christian Wulff also now faces trial.
German President Christian Friedrich von Wulff faces trial.
German President Hans - Christian Wulff faces trial.
Fire broke - out in half in a candle factory.
Fires broke out in a small nearby candle factory.
Fire broke out in from a nearby abandoned candle factory.
Fire broke - out somewhere in nearby a candle factory.
Fire broke out coming in from a nearby candle factory.
A sensitization and training programme was held.
A sensitization training training programme was held.
A sensitization and programme meeting was held.
A sensitization and programme meeting was held.
A sensitization training programme also was held.
A complaint case was also filed, against actor Nitish Kumar.
A complaint case was filed, against actor, Nitish Kumar.
A complaint case - case was filed, against Nitish Kumar.
A complaint and a criminal case was filed against Nitish Kumar.
A complaint case, was filed, against actor Nitish Kumar.
A former local city police officer has also been convicted.
A former police station chief security officer has been convicted.
A former local police officer, has also been convicted.
A former police department officer has also also been convicted.
A former police station officer has also also been convicted.
An FIR was filed against Justice Giriraj Singh, and accused Nitin Gadkari.
An FIR complaint, was filed jointly against Giriraj Singh, Nitin Gadkari.
An FIR was also filed against Giriraj Singh, and against Nitin Gadkari.
An official FIR was also being filed against Giriraj Singh, Nitin Gadkari.
An FIR was filed against a Dr Giriraj Singh, and Nitin Gadkari.
A man was arrested from somewhere else in the neighborhood and area of Jeitawi on charges of raping minor boys.
A man was arrested while in in the neighborhood of Al Jeitawi on all the charges of raping minor boys.
A man who was arrested while in the Beirut neighborhood of Al Jeitawi on charges of raping two minor boys.
A man was arrested, while driving home in the neighborhood of Jeitawi on charges of raping two minor boys.
A man who was arrested lived in in the nearby neighborhood of Jeitawi on charges of allegedly raping minor boys.
The town hall House Hall of Blues will be re - open tonight.
The hall House of Blues will be officially ret - open tonight.
The dining hall at the House of Blues will re - open tonight.
The " hall of House of Blues " will re - open tonight.
The town hall House Hall of Blues, will re - open tonight.
The Miami Dolphins have also waived both Tyler Cluttson and Kelcie McCray.
The Miami Dolphins have waived both both Tyler Lee Clutts and Kelcie McCray.
The Miami Dolphins would have also also waived Tyler Clutts and Kelcie McCray.
The 2017 Miami Dolphins have also waived Tyler Lee Clutts and Kelcie McCray.
The Miami Dolphins would have waived both Tyler Cluttson and Kelcie McCray.
A food - delivery driver was also reportedly also robbed at gunpoint.
A local food - delivery driver was reportedly robbed twice at gunpoint.
A food delivery truck driver, was reportedly also robbed at gunpoint.
A food delivery truck, driver, was reportedly robbed at gunpoint.
A fast food delivery driver, he was reportedly robbed at gunpoint.
Lincoln Chafee was signed to help create a climate - change council.
Lincoln Chafee also was signed to help create a climate change council.
Lincoln and Chafee signed to create such as a climate change council.
Lincoln and Chafee signed legislation to help create a climate change council.
Lincoln Chafee signed to help create a climate climate - change council.
Resident and Broadway musical theatre star Elaine May Stritch will be inducted into into the Northern Michigan Celebrity Hall of Fame.
Resident and Broadway theatre star Elaine May Stritch will be inducted posthumously into the Northern Michigan Theatre Celebrity Hall of Fame.
Resident and Broadway star Elaine Stritchley will be also posthumously inducted into the Michigan Celebrity Sportscaster Hall of Fame.
Resident and former Broadway star Elaine Stritch will also be inducted into both and the Michigan Celebrity Sports Hall of Fame.
Resident and Broadway star Elaine Stritch will be inducted posthumously into membership in the annual Michigan State Celebrity Hall of Fame.
TrustedConsumerReview is pleased enough to be announce as the second best Cabo Verde wedding planner.
TrustedConsumerReview is pleased to be officially announce as being the best El Cabo wedding planner.
TrustedConsumerReview is very much pleased to announce as being the next best Cabo wedding planner.
TrustedConsumerReview is pleased enough to be announce as the best ever Cabo Verde wedding planner.
TrustedConsumerReview is pleased, well, enough to announce as the best Cabo wedding planner.
A young Maple Park man was fatally struck down by driving a car.
A Maple Park maniac was also fatally struck by driving a car.
A young Maple Park man was fatally struck down by driving a car.
A Maple Park maniac, who was fatally struck by a car.
A Maplewood Park man was later also fatally struck by a car.
Toronto police said that they charged Justine Bieber with committing the assault.
Toronto city police said that they charged Justine Bieber with the assault.
Toronto Metro city police said they charged driver Justin Bieber with the assault.
Toronto police said they charged Justine Bieberman with committing the assault.
Toronto police said they charged victim, Justine Bieber with the assault.
Broadstreet celebrated their first Midlands title triumph with a 57 25 - yard run flourish against Scunthorpe.
Broadstreet Town celebrated their Midlands League title triumph with a 57 - 25 home flourish against Scunthorpe.
Broadstreet celebrated their first Midlands title and cup final triumph with a 57 25 flourish against Scunthorpe.
Broadstreet celebrated their first Midlands League Championship title and triumph with a 57 25 flourish against Scunthorpe.
Broadstreet celebrated off their Midlands League title triumph with a 57. 25 run flourish against Scunthorpe.
A new Iranian national jet airliner will start operation.
A new brand new Iranian national airline will start operation.
A new national Iranian airline will soon also start operation.
A new nationalized private Iranian airline will start operation.
A new Iranian airliner will also also start operation.
One in five Scotsmen are also worried that they will probably not be able financially to fully pay their rent or mortgage.
One in five Scots are also worried they will not be financially be able to fully fully pay their rents or mortgage.
One in of every five Scots are worried they too will not be financially well able to properly pay their rent or mortgage.
One in five Scots are worried that they themselves will probably not be financially able to pay their rents, or mortgage.
One in every five Scots are worried that they themselves will probably still not be legally able to pay their rent or mortgage.
A marathon marathon - runner died from rare accidents and unusual disease.
A marathon runner died from a rare, rare and unusual disease.
A female marathon runner has died from rare accidents and unusual disease.
A marathon - runner who died later from rare and unusual disease.
A marathon - runner died from rare accidents and an unusual disease.
Mulayam Singh Yadav then asked for Akhilesh Singh Yadav to step up.
Mulayam Singh Yadav asked for Akhilesh Singh Yadav not to step up.
Mulayam Singh Yadav then asked for Akhilesh Yadav not to step up.
Mulayam Singh Yadav asked President Akhilesh Singh Yadav not to step up.
Mulayamb Singh and Yadav asked Akhilesh Yadav not to step up.
The Utica School of Applied Commerce building also will host open house.
The Utica High School Chamber of Commerce building will host open house.
The new Utica High School School of Commerce will host open house.
The Utica School of International and Commerce will also host open house.
The Utica School Chamber of Commerce, will also host open house.
Kim and Dotcom thinks the new GCSB tax bill will pass.
Kim Dotcom thinks strongly that the new GCSB bill will pass.
Kim Dotcom thinks the new GCSB tax bill, will pass.
Kim Dotcom thinks that the GCSB tax reform bill will pass.
Kim Dotcom also thinks the new GCSB tax bill will pass.
Three sickle ravens were found dead near Watsons Lake, Yukon.
Three sick ravens were also also later found near Watson Lake, Yukon.
Three other unidentified sick ravens were found dead near Watson Lake, Yukon.
Three sick ravens were found shot dead near the Watson Lake, Yukon.
Three very large sickle ravens were found near Watson Lake, Yukon.
The equivalent English term for a qualified female priest would be priestess.
The proper term for a female priest would not necessarily be priestess.
The term for a highly - qualified female priest would be priestess.
The term for such a female priest would not necessarily be priestess.
The term for a Christian female priestess would not be priestess.
Jason Aldean is teaming - up with Major League Baseball, for his 2014 studio album, Burn It Down tour.
Jason Aldean is teaming up with Major League Professional Baseball scouts, for example his 2014 Burnt It Down tour.
Jason Aldean is teaming up again with Major - League Baseball, for on his 2014 album Burn It Down tour.
Jason Aldean is teaming up with Major League Baseball for Spring 2014 on his upcoming Spring 2014 Burn It Down tour.
Jason Aldean currently is teaming - up again with the Major League of Baseball for his 2014 Burn It Down tour.
Gwyneth Paltrow hosted her at a charity dinner.
Gwyneth Paltrow hosted for her a charity dinner.
Gwyneth and Paltrow also hosted a charity dinner.
Gwyneth and Paltrow also hosted a charity dinner.
Gwyneth and Paltrow hosted a special charity dinner.
A new library building is also also set to be constructed.
A library building is set up to also eventually be constructed.
A new library building is set up to also be constructed.
A library building is set up, to then be constructed.
A library building complex is being set up to be constructed.
Candidate for Senate, Dan Sullivan made only a brief stop in Ketchikan.
Candidate for Senate Dan Sullivan made a brief weekend stopover in Ketchikan.
Candidate for State Senate Dany Sullivan made a stopover in Ketchikan.
Candidate for Senate, Dan Sullivan, made a stopover in Ketchikan.
Candidate for Senate Danyce Sullivan made such a stop in Ketchikan.
A former Dade County City man was sentenced to 19½ years imprisonment on drug and illegal gun charges.
A Dade, County City man, was later also sentenced to 19 years on drug and gun charges.
A former Miami Dade City man, was later sentenced to 19 years imprisonment on drug and gun charges.
A former Dade City man, was sentenced concurrently to 19 years on drug and illegal - gun charges.
A former Dade, City, black man was sentenced to 19½ years on drug and gun charges.
Vladimir and Malakhov will return with it to a Cuban stage.
Vladimir and Vladimir Malakhov will return to play a Cuban stage.
Vladimir and Malakhov will return home to play a Cuban stage.
Vladimir Malakhovsky, will return to play a Cuban stage.
Vladimir Malakhovsky will not ever return to a Cuban stage.
No further judicial quarter will be given.
No further quartering will be given.
No further further quarter will be given.
No further quartering will be given.
No quartering order will be given.
Jessica Lee - Ennis - Holly Hill joins the Fashion Targets Breast Cancer campaign.
Jessica Lee Smith - Ennis - Hill joins the Fashion Targets Breast Cancer campaign.
Jessica Ennis - Hiller also joins the Fashion Targets Breast Cancer Cancer campaign.
Jessica Ennis - Hill joins in on the Fashion Targets for Breast Cancer campaign.
Jessica Ennis - Holly Hill joins the charity Fashion Targets Breast Cancer Cancer campaign.
Anthony Joseph Weiner was caught in another scandal.
Anthony Weiner caught in with yet another scandal.
Anthony Weiner was caught in yet another scandal.
Anthony Weiner caught him up in another scandal.
Anthony Weiner was also caught in another scandal.
You really shouldn't be writing about the latest rap music.
You shouldn't be interested in writing anything about rap music.
You shouldn't even ever be writing about the rap music.
You really shouldn't be writing lyrics about the rap music.
You shouldn't even be writing anything about the rap music.
It's not a Good Friday Thing.
It's not a Good Friday Thing.
It's a Good - Friday Thing.
It's not really a Friday Thing.
It's just not a Friday Thing.
Consumer sentiment held steady even more in July.
Consumers sentiment held steady even in July.
Consumers sentiment held steady even in July.
Consumers'sentiment held steady in July.
Consumer sentiment still held relatively steady in July.
The US military and economy will fare better here in coming quarters.
The US economy will fare much better in the next coming quarters.
The entire US economy will fare much better here in coming quarters.
The US economy will fare much better here in the coming quarters.
The US economy will fare much the better here in coming quarters.
Nintendo Power has ended the production of only its Wii console in Japan.
Nintendo has ended the entire production of only its Wii console in Japan.
Nintendo has ended production of its Wii - U U console in Japan.
Nintendo has since ended the production of its Wii console exclusively in Japan.
Nintendo has ended the entire production of its Wii console exclusively in Japan.
A further third man has been charged with gross child sexual assault.
A man has been charged with grossly motivated child sexual assault.
A man, who has been charged with a gross sexual assault.
A man who has been charged with committing a gross sexual assault.
A third man has been recently also charged with gross sexual assault.
Aorato has raised over $ $ 10 million.
Aoratol has since raised $ 10 million.
Aorato has raised over US $ 10 million.
Aorato has since raised $ $ 10 million.
Aoratow has raised over $ 10 million.
Football clubs have been praised after successfully successfully successfully taking on more than a 1600 apprentices.
Football clubs have also been highly - praised after successfully taking on more than 1600 apprentices.
Football training clubs have also been praised after successfully taking on more of than 1600 apprentices.
Football clubs have been highly praised after successfully and successfully taking on more than 1600 apprentices.
Football clubs have also been highly - praised after taking on more than a 1600 apprentices.
The Following series will return once again for a third season.
The Following will return for a new, upcoming third season.
The Ever Following will not return for a possible third season.
The Season Following will return again for only a third season.
The Following series will return for only for a third season.
Married women - women don't get roles.
Married women don't always just get roles.
Married women don't just always get roles.
Married women just... don't get roles.
Married pregnant women don't always get roles.
The same young woman also accused of 2nd degree murder pleaded not guilty.
The woman was accused of 2nd degree murder attempted murder pleaded not guilty.
The woman accused of committing the 2nd degree murder also pleaded not guilty.
The same woman accused him of 2nd degree murder pleaded him not guilty.
The woman accused of the 2nd - degree murder pleaded but not guilty.
The John McClatchy Co. LLC has reached an exclusive agreement to sell off the Anchorage Daily News.
The McClatchy Co., has reached an agreement to eventually sell off the daily Anchorage Daily News.
The McClatchy Co., has reached into an agreement, to eventually sell the Anchorage Daily News.
The McClatchy Co. has recently reached an agreement to sell off the local daily Anchorage Daily News.
The John McClatchy Publishing Co. has reached an agreement to sell the Anchorage Daily News Daily News.
The IMF has urged all major US policymakers to support reforms.
The IMF also has urged other US policymakers to support reforms.
The IMF urged US foreign policymakers to more strongly support reforms.
The US IMF urged US policymakers " not to support reforms.
The IMF urged all major US policymakers to strongly support reforms.
GLOSTER, The town will advertise for ever hiring a brand new police chief.
GLOSTER, The town will advertise for the hiring of a new police chief.
GLOSTER, 2015 The entire town will advertise for a new town police chief.
GLOSTER, The town council meeting will advertise for a brand new police chief.
GLOSTER, The entire entire town will advertise for a new town police chief.
LG has unveiled three new mid - price range smartphones.
LG Electronics has also unveiled three mid - range smartphones.
LG has unveiled its three mid - - range smartphones.
LG has also recently unveiled three mid - range smartphones.
LG has also recently unveiled three mid - range smartphones.
The then newly independent Dominican Republic has rejected a human rights report.
The independent Dominican Republic has since also rejected a human rights report.
The Dominican Republic has rejected such a controversial human - rights report.
The newly independent Dominican Republic has rejected a UN human rights report.
The Dominican Republic federal government has also rejected a human rights report.
A man who escaped was arrested on the charges he stole his own grandfather's car.
A young man was also arrested, on the charges he stole his grandfather's car.
A man who was arrested, on charges he stole his very own grandfather's car.
A man was arrested on charges of alleging that he stole from his grandfather's car.
A man was also arrested, on charges he stole from his late grandfather's car.
The US threat to force withdraw troops may also encourage the enemy.
The US threat not to withdraw troops which may encourage the enemy.
The US'threat to force withdraws may encourage the enemy.
The US'threat is to withdraw troops may encourage the enemy.
The US threat to force withdraws may also encourage the enemy.
The Milwaukee Brewers put starter Yovanie Gallardo on the designated disabled list.
The Milwaukee - based Brewers put Yovani Gallardo on the designated disabled list.
The Milwaukee - Brewers also put Yovanie Gallardo on the disabled list.
The Milwaukee - Brewers put starter pitcher Yovani Gallardo on the disabled list.
The Milwaukee - Brewers put Yovanie Di Gallardo on the disabled list.
The NHRCC has been urged to maintain good social harmony.
The NHRC has been urged to also help maintain social harmony.
The NHRC also has been urged on to maintain social harmony.
The NHRC has been strongly urged on to maintain social harmony.
The new NHRC also has urged to help maintain social harmony.
A patch generally addresses a number, of bugs, and balance issues.
A patch addresses a large number, of bugs, and balance issues.
A typical Linux patch also addresses a number of bugs and balance issues.
A patch addresses quite a very large number of bugs and balance issues.
A more typical patch addresses quite a number of bugs and balance issues.
A 13 - year old teenage girl, was abducted.
A 13 - year old teenaged girl was abducted.
A 13 - - year old girl, was abducted.
A young 13 - year - old girl was abducted.
A 13 - 14 year old girl, was abducted.
An earlier ATV crash, has also killed a Lake Lillian man.
An ATV car crash has killed off, a Lake Lillian man.
An ATV car crash has killed half of a Lake Lillian man.
An ATV crash site has also killed a Lake of Lillian man.
An ATV crash site has killed a Lake of Lake Lillian man.
NeuroTechnologies of the California Treasure Coast announces an ambitious expansion plan and collaboration.
NeuroTechnologies of the Treasures Coast announces on an international expansion and collaboration.
NeuroTechnologies of all the Treasure Coast Bay region announces an expansion and collaboration.
NeuroTechnologies of the Treasures Coast announces an international expansion plan and collaboration.
NeuroTechnologies Corporation of on the Treasure Coast announces an international expansion and collaboration.
Selena Gomez loved her job working out with Ethan Hawke.
Selena Gomez Gomez loved her work working with Ethan Hawke.
Selena Gomez had loved her working with actor Ethan Hawke.
Selena Gomez herself had loved her working with Ethan Hawke.
Selena Gomez loved working together, with actor Ethan Hawke.
The Russian community living in Azerbaijan has also expressed their support for President Ilham Aliyev.
The Russian Orthodox Christian community in Azerbaijan, also has expressed support for Ilham Aliyev.
The Russian Orthodox community in Azerbaijan has reportedly also expressed support for President Ilham Aliyev.
The large Orthodox Russian Orthodox community in Azerbaijan has expressed support for President Ilham Aliyev.
The large Russian community living in Azerbaijan also has expressed support for President Ilham Aliyev.
Sea lions when not fully exposed to such a toxin found in algae develop a form of epilepsy that is similar only to one in humans.
Seated lions exposed to a toxin in the algae can develop a form of chronic acute pulmonary epilepsy that is similar to one in humans.
Sea - lions exposed to such as a toxin in algae develop a form or type of epilepsy, that is similar to one in humans.
Sea lions exposed directly to such as a toxic toxin in algae develop a form of epilepsy, that is very similar to one in humans.
Sea lions, when exposed to a toxin in the algae develop into a form of acute epilepsy that is similar to the one in humans.
Robbers are invaded from their Glenwood home.
Robbers invaded them from their Glenwood home.
Robbers invaded their poor old Glenwood home.
Robbers invaded their old, Glenwood home.
Robbers invaded from within their Glenwood home.
Thirty - five volunteers undergone a water search and water rescue training.
Thirty volunteers undergone a water search mission and water - rescue training.
Thirty volunteers undergone not only a water search search and rescue training.
Thirty volunteers undergone a water rescue and search and water rescue training.
Thirty volunteers must also have undergone a water search and rescue training.
Kelly Osbourne, has called him off on her engagement.
Kelly Osbourne has called on him breaking off her engagement.
Kelly Osbourne, has been called off on her engagement.
Kelly Osbourne, who has called off on her engagement.
Kelly Osbourne, has called him breaking off her engagement.
BP is again asking a federal judge not wanting to suspend settlement payments.
BP is again asking for a judge not to immediately suspend settlement payments.
BP is again asking for a judge not to immediately suspend settlement payments.
BP is also once again asking a judge to temporarily suspend settlement payments.
BPA is again asking for a judge not to suspend settlement payments.
BANK of Ireland has paid all its directors € 2. 77m, made make - up of salaries, fees.
BANK of Ireland paid its executive directors €. 5 2. 77m, made up mostly of salaries, fees.
BANK of Ireland has paid its executive directors € 2. 5 77m, made up of annual salaries, fees.
BANK of Ireland paid its directors €. 2. 5 77m, made - up mostly of salaries, fees.
BANK of Ireland paid its executive directors about €. 2. 77m, mostly made up of salaries, fees.
The Golden State Warriors also have hired forward Lindsey Lynne Hunter as an assistant coach.
The Golden - State Golden Warriors would have also hired Lindsey Hunter as an assistant coach.
The Golden State Warriors Golden Warriors have hired Lindsey Lee Hunter as an offensive assistant coach.
The Golden State Warriors Golden Warriors have also hired Lindsey Lee Hunter as an assistant coach.
The Golden Gate State Warriors would have hired Lindsey Lee Hunter as an offensive assistant coach.
Nicki Cannon always feels lucky he gets to actually spend more time with his kids.
Nick Cannon also feels himself very lucky he gets to spend more time with his kids.
Nicki Cannon always feels lucky he never gets to spend time alone with his kids.
Nicki Cannon feels lucky he still gets to actually spend time with all his kids.
Nick Cannon feels lucky he gets to spend more free time alone with all his kids.
A man has been arrested twice, for molesting of a employee.
A young man who has recently been arrested for molesting a employee.
A man has recently been falsely arrested for sexually molesting a employee.
A young man has been arrested twice, for molesting a employee.
A man, who has recently been arrested for molesting a employee.
Fifa also lifted off a suspension imposed earlier on Cameroon.
Fifa also lifted a suspension order imposed specifically on Cameroon.
Fifa also later lifted a football suspension imposed on Cameroon.
Fifa also lifted a suspension order imposed earlier on Cameroon.
Fifa lifted from prison after a suspension imposed on Cameroon.
A group of protesters gathered very close by at Save the Walmart in Secaucus on Black Friday.
A group of protesters gathered close by the nearest Walmart store in Secaucus County on Black Friday.
A group of protesters had gathered by outside the local Walmart in downtown Secaucus on Black Friday.
A large group of protesters had gathered by the nearest Walmart store in Secaucus on Black Friday.
A group of peaceful protesters gathered by the nearest Walmart in unincorporated Secaucus County on Black Friday.
Oregon defensive coordinator, Nicki Aliotti will also retire shortly after the Alamo Bowl.
Oregon State defensive line coordinator, Nick Aliotti will retire shortly after the Alamo Bowl.
Oregon defensive coordinator Nick Aliotti, will retire shortly after losing the 2018 Alamo Bowl.
Oregon State defensive coordinator, Nick Aliotti will likely also retire after the Alamo Bowl.
Oregon defensive coordinator Nick Aliotti will also retire shortly after winning at the Alamo Bowl.
Javad Nekounami could be easily easily set up for a spell on the sidelines.
Javad Nekounami could be also set for a short spell while on the sidelines.
Javadji and Nekounam could be set for spending a spell on both the sidelines.
Javad Nekounami players could also also be set for a spell on the sidelines.
Javad Nekounam could be easily set up there for a spell on to the sidelines.
Sean Patrick Duffy is hosting a Veteran Oral - History Project and workshop to train volunteers.
Sean Duffy, is currently hosting a Veteran Oral History Project workshop designed to train volunteers.
Sean Duffy is currently hosting of a Veteran Oral History Education Project workshop to train volunteers.
Sean Patrick Duffy is hosting a National Veteran History Project and a workshop to train volunteers.
Sean Patrick Duffy is hosting a new National Veteran History Project workshop, to train volunteers.
The US dollar and trade deficit widened.
The US trade - deficit deficit widened.
The US - dollar trade deficit widened.
The US trade trade deficit deficit widened.
The US trade trade deficit deficit widened.
Former Minister of Health Nepal, Dr Marich Man Singh - Shrestha, passed away.
Former Minister President of Nepal, Marich Maninder Kumar Singh Shrestha, passed away.
Former Minister President of Nepal, Marich Maninder Kumar Singh Shrestha, passed away.
Former Prime Minister of Nepal, Dr Marichhar Man Singh Shrestha, passed away.
Former Minister President President of Nepal, Dr Marich Man Singh Shrestha, passed away.
Police are also investigating for a suspicious object.
Police officers who are investigating a suspicious object.
Police are investigating a highly - suspicious object.
Police are investigating a very highly suspicious object.
Police officers are also investigating a suspicious object.
A former Fort Bliss soldier was injured while participating in a training accident.
A former Fort Bliss soldier also was injured in a military training accident.
A Fort Bliss soldier was injured, apparently while in a training accident.
A Fort Fort Bliss soldier was injured while in such a training accident.
A Fort Bliss soldier, was seriously injured, in a training accident.
President Obama will also deliver an official address to all of the American people on Tuesday.
President Obama will also deliver an official address to all the American people tomorrow on Tuesday.
President Obama will now also also deliver an address to the African American people on Tuesday.
President Barack Obama will also deliver an address to the American young people tomorrow on Tuesday.
President Obama also will deliver an address to the American and Indian American people on Tuesday.
West Side The Chicago City police are investigating the death.
West Side Chicago police officers are also investigating the death.
West - Side The Chicago police are investigating the death.
West Side of Chicago police are also investigating the death.
West Chicago area police are also investigating into the death.
Football Federation Australia have taken all the very first major steps to finding current chairman Franky Lowry's successor.
Football Federation Australia, have taken the very first major steps to finding current chairman Franky Lowry's successor.
Football Federation Australia have also taken all the necessary and first steps to finding chairman, Frank Lowry's successor.
Footballers Federation Australia have taken the first steps to officially try finding chairman, with Frank Lowry's successor.
Football Federation Australia have taken the very very first two major steps to finding chairman, Frank Lowry's successor.
Azerbaijan has also increased its industrial outputs by 2. 8 times, annually for 10 years.
Azerbaijan has increased growth in its total industrial output by over 2. 8 times for 10 years.
Azerbaijan Republic has increased in its industrial outputs by 2. 8 times for over 10 years.
Azerbaijan has also increased its total industrial output by 2. 5 8 times for over 10 years.
Azerbaijan has also increased its industrial production output by 2. 5 to 8 times for 10 years.
The dairy, has since been sold to become for an Italian buyer.
The dairy, has been sold to an, unknown, Italian buyer.
The former dairy dairy, has since been sold to an Italian buyer.
The dairy, has also been recently sold to be an Italian buyer.
The dairy, which has been sold to an unknown local Italian buyer.
Bode Miller, also has lost in his custody battle.
Bode Miller has since also lost in his custody battle.
Bodeen Miller has since then lost his custody battle.
Bode Miller also has lost weight in his custody battle.
Bodeen Miller has been lost in his custody battle.
An English instructor at one such a California community college college says he has been fired after allegedly being accused of slamming into a female student to the ground.
An instructor at a California community college says he himself has been fired after being falsely accused of repeatedly repeatedly slamming a female student upside down to the ground.
An instructor at a California college says he has just been recently fired after being accused falsely, of slamming into a female California college student to the ground.
An instructor at a California college says, that he has been recently fired after being accused falsely of slamming into a pregnant female college student to the ground.
An instructor at a Californian community college says he has been fired after allegedly being falsely accused of repeatedly slamming a female college graduate student to the ground.
A small team of American national guardsmen parachuted into from the Pacific Ocean to save just a single little girl.
A team consisting of American national security guardsmen parachuted down into the Pacific Ocean to help save a little girl.
A small team of national guardsmen parachuted down into the Pacific Ocean trying to save for a missing little girl.
A small team of American national guardsmen has parachuted into the South Pacific Ocean to save a missing little girl.
A team of national security border guardsmen parachuted into from the Pacific Ocean to help to save a little girl.
A player was fined US $ $ 4, 300 for his pro - Nazi chants.
A player was fined $ $ 4, 300 each for his pro - Nazi chants.
A football player was fined $ $ 4, 300 for proto - Nazi chants.
A player was fined $ 4, 300 dollars, each for pro - Nazi chants.
A player was also fined $ $ 4, 300 for his pro - Nazi chants.
Jared Leto would prefer her to simply not marry Kanye West.
Jared Leto would much prefer to not marry to Kanye West.
Jared Leto most probably would much prefer to marry Kanye West.
Jared Leto would very much prefer her to marry Kanye West.
Jared Leto would prefer for her not to marry Kanye West.
O'FALLON, Services are set for hiring a new, southwestern Illinois police chief.
O'FALLON, Services are set aside for a southwestern, rural Illinois police chief.
O'FALLON, Services are set for a new southwestern, Illinois, police chief.
O'FALLON, Services, are usually set for by a southwestern Illinois police chief.
O'FALLON, Services are usually set aside for a typical southwestern Illinois police chief.
Julia Roberts Roberts was teased twice for her weight issues.
Julia Roberts Roberts was teased for her severe weight issues.
Julia Roberts often teased her for her own weight issues.
Julia Roberts Roberts Roberts teased for revealing her weight issues.
Julia Roberts teased for revealing about all her weight issues.
An anonymous donor card has increased popularity as a reward.
An anonymous donor has increased popularity as well a reward.
An anonymous anonymous sperm donor has increased as a reward.
An anonymous donor has increased, as does a reward.
An anonymous anonymous donor has increased popularity as a reward.
A foreign student has been also recently been arrested on having link with the banned outfit.
A young former foreign student who has also been arrested on having link with banned outfit.
A young foreign student who has been falsely arrested on having link with the banned outfit.
A young foreign student who has been arrested on having linkage charges with banned outfit.
A foreign exchange student has been recently arrested on terrorism charges having link with banned outfit.
The Xbox One has been delayed in nearly all but eight countries.
The Xbox One has since been indefinitely delayed in all eight countries.
The Xbox One release has been indefinitely delayed, in eight countries.
The Xbox Live One has since been delayed in all eight countries.
The Xbox One has also long since been delayed in eight countries.
The Minneapolis landmark Depot - Renaissance Minneapolis Plaza Hotel and the My Hotel Rocks, LLC, have announced a strategic partnership to offer their hotel guests.
The Minneapolis - landmark Depot Renaissance, Minneapolis Hotel and My Hotel Rocks, LLC have announced on a new strategic partnership partnership to offer hotel guests.
The landmark Home and Depot Renaissance Minneapolis Hotel and My Hotel Rocks, LLC LLC LLC have announced in a strategic partnership partnership to offer hotel guests.
The historic landmark Home and Depot, Renaissance Minneapolis Hotel and My Hotel Rocks, LLC, have announced a strategic partnership partnership to offer hotel guests.
The landmark Depot Renaissance Minneapolis Downtown Hotel and Mystic Hotel Rocks, LLC, LLC LLC have announced a strategic partnership partnership to offer hotel guests.
It permits both the standard ROFRs, and Call & Put Options.
It permits for using both ROFRs, and Call & Put Options.
It permits for ROFRs, SMS, and Call & Put Options.
It now also permits ROFRs, and Call & Make Put Options.
It also permits ROFRs, and Calls & Call Put Options.
The two National Geographic - Geographic Channels today announced leadership changes.
The other two, National Geographic Channels today announced leadership changes.
The two National Geographic Channels have today announced their leadership changes.
The National Geographic Channels have until today announced several leadership changes.
The National Geographic Channels staff has today announced several leadership changes.
Aggie remained undefeated with only just a record 58 0 win.
Aggie remained undefeated, with a 58 - 0 0 win.
Aggie remained undefeated, with a 581 - 0 win.
Aggie remained virtually undefeated, with only a 58 0 win.
Aggie County remained virtually undefeated with a record 58 0 win.
Turkish airline National Airlines and Euroleague Women Basketball have also announced will continue their strategic partnership agreement through 2020.
Turkish National Turkish Airlines, and Euroleague Basketball have also been announced will continue their partnership agreement through 2020.
Turkish Airlines, and Euroleague Basketball have also announced will not continue their strategic partnership agreement, through 2020.
Turkish Airlines, and Euroleague Basketball have announced that they will continue with their partnership agreement up through 2020.
Turkish Airlines, and later the Euroleague Basketball have announced will continue their partnership and agreement, through 2020.
The reference to fake encountering is seen only briefly as a jibe.
The reference to the fake encounter is seen as not being a jibe.
The only reference to the alleged fake encounter is seen as a jibe.
The reference made to the fake encounter is often seen as a jibe.
The reference to the fake sexual encounter is seen as being a jibe.
Kanye West wants only his own daughter not to make it on the cover of Vogue.
Kanye West West wants his daughter Brittany to make on the cover story cover of Vogue.
Kanye West also wants his beautiful baby daughter to make on to the cover of Vogue.
Kanye West wants his daughter to make it appear on the front cover page of Vogue.
Kanye West West III also wants his daughter to go make on the cover of Vogue.
A registered sex offender resisting arrest was ordered after which he was accused of of allegedly offering alcohol money to be a teen in exchange for sex acts.
A registered child sex offender was ordered after admitting he was accused of offering his own alcohol to a troubled teen in an exchange for for sex acts.
A new registered sex offender was also ordered after he was accused of offering alcohol money to be a teen in an exchange for not performing sex acts.
A registered - sex offender arrest was ordered after he allegedly was falsely accused of offering free alcohol drinks to a teen girl in exchange for sex acts.
A registered male child sex offender was also ordered and arrested after he was falsely accused of offering alcohol to a teen in exchange for child sex acts.
Medical technology advocacy group, The Getinge issued a profit warning.
Medical technology group, Getinge, issued a non profit warning.
Medical technology advocacy group Getinges issued them a profit warning.
Medical information technology advocacy group Getinges issued a profit warning.
Medical technology rights advocacy group The Getinge issued a profit warning.
Shayna and Mitchell I took to show off her mermaid inspired nails.
Shay Mitchell took time to show off her mermaid - - inspired nails.
Shay Mitchell took time to show - off her mermaid - inspired nails.
Shayna Mitchell I took to show off her little mermaid inspired nails.
Shayna, Mitchell took to show - off her mermaid inspired nails.
Cristiano Ronaldo is very much angry at Ozil.
Cristiano Ronaldo is very much angry at Ozil.
Cristiano : But Ronaldo is angry at Ozil.
Cristiano : But Ronaldo is angry at Ozil.
Cristiano and Ronaldo also is angry at Ozil.
Alastair Cookson is also desperate enough to stay on as England captain.
Alastair Cook is desperate to finally stay back later on as England captain.
Alastair - James Cook is desperate to stay on as the England captain.
Alastair James Cookson is desperate to stay - on as England captain.
Alastair Cookson is desperate enough to stay on board as England captain.
Rita Oraño was coached by Australian coach Naomi Campbell.
Rita Ora was previously seen being coached by Naomi Campbell.
Rita de Oraño was previously coached by Naomi Campbell.
Rita Orañoa was previously coached by Naomi Campbell.
Rita Oraño was previously coached by coach Naomi Campbell.
Iran itself is sticking close to avoiding a nuclear freeze.
Iran is also sticking close to a temporary nuclear freeze.
Iran is sticking to avoiding such a severe nuclear freeze.
Iran itself is not sticking to a possible nuclear freeze.
Iran by itself is sticking to avoiding a nuclear freeze.
Photos of an woman exercising on board a school - bus bus have gone viral.
Photos of an elderly woman while physically exercising on a school bus have gone viral.
Photos taken of an elderly woman exercising on board a bus bus have gone viral.
Photos recently taken of an woman exercising on a school school bus have gone viral.
Photos taken of an woman exercising on a bus - bus bus have gone viral.
Ian Holloway has left his job as just the Crystal - Palace manager.
Ian Holloway has left for his job as Crystal Crystal and Palace manager.
Ian Holloway also has left his previous job, as Crystal Palace manager.
Ian Holloway has since left for London his job as Crystal Palace manager.
Ian Holloway also has left his job as Crystal and Crystal Palace manager.
Congress is falling back on to the job.
Congress is falling back on to the job.
Congress is now falling behind on the job.
Congressman is not falling on the job.
Congressman is falling behind on the job.
District Judge Myron Thompson, who has moved him to senior status.
District Court Chief Judge, Myron Thompson has moved to senior status.
District Judge Myron Thompson has since moved to more senior senior status.
District Judge Myron Thompson, who has moved to more senior status.
District Judge, Judge Myron Thompson has been moved to senior status.
Nigella Dodds is not making such a good recovery.
Nigel Dodds is making such a very very good recovery.
Nigella Dodds, is not making a good recovery.
Nigel Dodds is now also making a very good recovery.
Nigella Lawson Dodds is making a very good recovery.
Patriots WR Mark Harrison has a rare chance to once again emerge as a starting tight end.
Patriots WR Mark Harrison, has never had a chance to emerge as a starting tight end.
Patriots WR, Mark Harrison also has had a good chance to emerge as a tight end.
Patriots WR Mark Harrison has a chance now, to finally emerge again as a tight end.
Patriots'WR Mark Harrison also has had a chance to emerge as such a tight end.
Jay and Cutler's both feeling better.
Jay and Cutler's both feeling better.
Jay, and Cutler's feeling better.
Jay Cutler's still not feeling better.
Jay Cutler's not even feeling better.
Stocks will then look set to start with a positive positive open.
Stocks will look set up to a start with a positive open.
Stocks look set to start with, with only a positive open.
Stocks and prices will look set to start with a positive open.
Stocks look set to start with with only a positive positive open.
Popular radio show host, Kidd Kraddicks has died very suddenly at the age of 53.
Popular talk radio host Kidd Kraddick has also reportedly also died suddenly at the age of 53.
Popular radio show host, Kidd Kraddick has died suddenly at the age age of of 53.
Popular radio show host, Kidd and Kraddick has died suddenly at the approximate age of 53.
Popular radio host Kidd and Kraddicks has also died suddenly at the age age of 53.
Actors Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore Moore have since finalized off their divorce.
Actors like actors Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore have since finalized their divorce.
Actors Michael Ashton - Kutcher and Demi Moore both have finalized their divorce.
Actors, Ashton Kutcher III and Demi Moore Moore have finalized their divorce.
Actors, Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore Moore have finalized on their divorce.
Brendon McCullum was also posthumously hailed posthumously as Captain Fantastic.
Brendon - James - McCullum was hailed as Captain Fantastic.
Brendon McCullum was also hailed posthumously, as Captain Fantastic.
Brendon James McCullum III was hailed as the Captain Fantastic.
Brendon James McCullum III was hailed posthumously as Captain Fantastic.
A CBI court has exempted only for the party chairman Anil Ambani from personal appearance on Friday.
A CBI appeals court exempted the chairman, Anil Kumar Ambani from personal appearance only on Friday.
A CBI court exempted not only the party chairman Anil Ambani from personal appearance only on Friday.
A CBI court exempted not only but only the chairman Anil Ambani from personal appearance on Friday.
A Delhi CBI court had also exempted the party chairman Anil Ambani from personal appearance on Friday.
Police will also search after finding nine acid bombs found in neighborhood.
Police also search the neighborhood after finding nine acid bombs in neighborhood.
Police will also search after finding nine acid bombs found in neighborhood.
Police search after finding nine large acid - bombs planted in neighborhood.
Police search town after finding nine acid car - bombs in neighborhood.
A malaria vaccine could not possibly be widely available once again by the year 2015.
A malaria vaccine could be widely available, worldwide, starting by the year 2015.
A new malaria vaccine vaccine could be widely available worldwide by around the year 2015.
A new new human malaria vaccine could be widely available by around the year 2015.
A malaria vaccine could be made more widely available worldwide, by the year 2015.
A skydiver also dies suddenly during making a record attempt.
A young skydiver dies during practice making a record attempt.
A skydiver dies during a world speed speed record attempt.
A very young skydiver also dies during a record attempt.
A skydiver also dies during making such a record attempt.
The man known as the first North - American jihadist was killed.
The young Muslim man known as the American jihadist leader was killed.
The man known only as the North American jihadist leader was killed.
The young man known as the American jihadist leader, was killed.
The man also known as the North American jihadist leader was killed.
Dan Bylsma will drop the ceremonial ceremonial first puck at the CCM / AP USA Today / All - American Prospects Game Thursday.
Dan Bylsma will drop the first ceremonial and the first puck at the 2018 CCM USA All - - American Prospects Game Thursday.
Dan Bylsmaier, will drop the NCAA ceremonial first puck, at the CCM USA All - American Prospects'Game Thursday.
Dann Bylsma will drop the ceremonial first puck off at the CCM USA All - - American First Team Prospects Game Thursday.
Dann Bylsma will drop out the ceremonial first base puck at the CCM USA All Mid - Atlantic American Prospects Game Thursday.
Abdul - Razzaq has declared dew factor as the two major problems for the bowlers faced in the first half season out of Asia Cup.
Abdul Razzaq has declared dew - factor as being among the two major problems for the bowlers in starting the season of the Asia Cup.
Abdul Razzaq Khan has declared dew factor as the two major problems faced out for the bowlers in starting the season of the Asia Cup.
Abdul Razzaq has declared dew a factor as among the major weather problems faced out for the fast bowlers in the season of Asia Cup.
Abdul - Razzaq Khan has declared dew factor as the major problems faced for the bowlers in the season - finale of the Asia Cup.
Pippa Middleton is engaged to her, then former boyfriend Nico Jackson.
Pippa - Middleton, is engaged, to her boyfriend Nico Jackson.
Pippa Middleton, is currently engaged to her boyfriend, Nico Jackson.
Pippa Middleton who is engaged to marry her boyfriend, Nico Jackson.
Pippa - Middleton is engaged to her former college boyfriend Nico Jackson.
Dudgeon has also been selected as one such a nominee for the 2014 NCAA McDonald's All - American Game.
Dudgeon has also recently been selected twice as being a nominee for the 2014 McDonald's All - American Game.
Dudgeon has been selected as a nominee for both the and 2014 McDonald's Basketball All All - American Game.
Dudgeon has also been selected as a nominee for the 2014 NCAA McDonald's College All - - American Game.
Dudgeon has also been selected as such a nominee for the 2014 McDonald's College Football All - American Game.
Campbell Soup Company expects to launch more than more than than 200 new frozen dairy products in fiscal 2014.
Campbell Soup Products and Company expects to launch more than 200 brand new dairy products in the fiscal 2014.
Campbell Soup Products Company currently expects to also eventually launch more than 200 brand new products in fiscal 2014.
Campbells Soup Marketing and Manufacturing Company expects to launch more than $ 200 new products in fiscal 2014.
Campbell Soup Company expects to launch its more - - than - 200 million new products in fiscal 2014.
Allegiant also announced a new, service.
Allegiant also announced a new, service.
Allegiant also has announced new, service.
Allegiant announced offering a new, service.
Allegiant announced a brand new, service.
The new Dollar General store located in Vance will celebrate on its grand - opening day on the Saturday, March 29.
The new Dollar General department store in Vanceburg will also celebrate its new grand opening day on Saturday, March 29.
The brand new Dollar - General store in Vance will also celebrate its grand opening date on the Saturday, March 29.
The new flagship Dollar - General department store located in Vanceburg will celebrate its grand opening on Saturday, March 29.
The new Dollars - General store in Vance will also celebrate its own grand grand opening on Saturday, March 29.
Ricky Gervais is considering possibly releasing just such a David Brent album.
Ricky Gervais, also reportedly is considering releasing a David Brent album.
Ricky Gervais is considering releasing him a brand new David Brent album.
Ricky Gervais is considering releasing just such a new David Brent album.
Ricky Gervais is also reportedly considering possibly releasing a David Brent album.
The University and University College of Nairobi will be offering Korean studies.
The University of Nairobi campus will be also offering North Korean studies.
The University of Kenya Nairobi will be offering advanced North Korean studies.
The University of Nairobi will also soon also be offering Korean studies.
The University of Nairobi campus will also be offering North Korean studies.
McDonald is also testing a mobile food - ordering app.
McDonalds is also testing a new mobile ordering app.
McDonalds is also testing a mobile food ordering app.
McDonalds UK is testing for a mobile ordering app.
McDonalds is also testing for a mobile ordering app.
Barcelona FC are set to make a move for Brazilian striker David Luiz.
Barcelona are set to make a big move for new manager David Luiz.
Barcelona FC fans are set to make a move for striker David Luiz.
Barcelona are set to also also make a move for striker David Luiz.
Barcelona are also set to make such move a move for David Luiz.
Mulanthuruthy town also will get into a mini civil station.
Mulanthuruthy town will get into a mini - civil station.
Mulanthuruthy railway town will get a mini - civil station.
Mulanthuruthy town will get into a new mini civil station.
Mulanthuruthy station will get into a new mini civil station.
Singer - songwriter and pro - surf surfer Donavon Frankenreiter, is also returning to Nosara.
Singer singer - songwriter and pro - surfer Donavon Van Frankenreiter is returning home to Nosara.
Singer - songwriter songwriter and pro - surf surfer Donavon Van Frankenreiter is returning to Nosara.
Singer - songwriter and pro - surfer Donavon Frankenreiter, is returning home, to Nosara.
Singer singer - songwriter and former professional pro - surfer Donavon Frankenreiter is returning to Nosara.
Catbalogan City distributed certified corn and palay nut seeds to some 100 farmers.
Catbalogan City distributed all the certified palay seeds directly to some 100 farmers.
Catbalogans City distributed certified palay seeds almost annually to some 100 farmers.
Catbalogans City distributed certified corn palay seeds to some over 100 farmers.
Catbalogans City has distributed certified palay seeds to some over 100 farmers.
Cardiff businesses also risk becoming alienating with a lack of an online presence.
Cardiff businesses risk becoming alienating with a perceived relative lack of online presence.
Cardiff area businesses risk alienating with a lack of such an online presence.
Cardiff area businesses risk alienating with a lacking of an online presence.
Cardiff area businesses risk alienating with a perceived lack of an online presence.
A former BRIERLEY Hillman engineer has recently been invited to Parliament as part winner of a very prestigious competition.
A BRIERLEY - Hillman engineer has been recently invited back to Parliament as a part of a prestigious competition.
A former " BRIERLEY " Hill engineer has been invited to the European Parliament as part of a prestigious competition.
A former BRIERLEY Hillman civil engineer has been invited to Parliament as part of such, a prestigious competition.
A BRIERLEY Hill engineer has been invited to the Parliament, as a part, of a highly prestigious competition.
Michael J Clarke also believes England will be to win in the next year's World Cup.
Michael J J Clarke also believes England will be to eventually win next year's World Cup.
Michael Clarke believes that England will not be to win next mid - year's World Cup.
Michael Clarke also strongly believes England will be able to easily win next year's World Cup.
Michael Clarke believes England will be to eventually win the next mid - year's World Cup.
Buchholz reiterated he isn't feeling 100 - percent, " but this particular time frame - of year, you really don't expect anybody to be.
Buchholz reiterated he still isn't feeling like 100 percent, " but at this time - of year, you don't really expect anybody to be.
Buchholz reiterated he isn't feeling 100 percent, but this one particular time - of year, when you don't even really expect anybody to be.
Buchholz has reiterated he isn't exactly feeling 100 - 100 - percent, but this particular time of year, you don't expect anybody to be.
Buchholz reiterated he still isn't feeling 100 percent - percent, " but this particular time of year, you don't expect just anybody to be.
Thousands face Christmas misery even after all the storms caused.
Thousands face their Christmas misery, even after storms caused.
Thousands now now face Christmas misery, after storms caused.
Thousands face Christmas Day misery after all the storms caused.
Thousands will now face Christmas Day misery after storms caused.
Kalki - Koechlin has revealed that she was sexually sexually abused once as a child.
Kalki Koechlin has also revealed that she was sexually sexually abused once as a child.
Kalki Koechlinna has publicly publicly revealed she was sexually abused as just a child.
Kalki - Koechlin has revealed that, she was sexually abused as just a child.
Kalki Koechlin has revealed she herself was sexually abused, only once as a child.
The Baltimore Baltimore Ravens've terminated the contract of quarterback Bobbie Williams.
The Ravens've been terminated of the playing contract of Bobbie Williams.
The Baltimore Ravens would've terminated half the contract of Bobbie Williams.
The Ravens've terminated of the contract extension of quarterback Bobbie Williams.
The Ravens've terminated the contract contract of starting quarterback Bobbie Williams.
A hostage rescue situation was ended peacefully.
A hostage - rescue situation ended peacefully.
A second hostage rescue situation ended peacefully.
A hostage situation however was ended peacefully.
A second hostage situation was ended peacefully.
Former Israeli leader, Ariel of Sharon, died.
Former Israeli leader, Ariel of Sharon, died.
Former - Israeli leader Ariel of Sharon, died.
Former - Israeli opposition leader Ariel Sharon, died.
Former Israeli opposition leader, Ariel Sharon, died.
The Australian market now looks set to be an open flat.
The Australian stock - market market looks set to open flat.
The Australian market looks well set up ready to open flat.
The Australian stock market now looks perfectly set to open flat.
The Australian market market now also looks set to open flat.
Police arrested a young man falsely accused him of sexually beating his pregnant female girlfriend in a Sheraden park.
Police arrested a young Shia Muslim man, accused of beating his pregnant girlfriend in at a Sheraden park.
Police also arrested a man accused of beating his pregnant girlfriend, while driving in a nearby Sheraden park.
Police arrested also a man accused of allegedly beating his allegedly pregnant girlfriends in a nearby Sheraden park.
Police arrested also, a man accused of beating up his allegedly pregnant female girlfriend in a Sheraden park.
Robert Lewandowski admits to not ever holding talks directly with Real Madrid.
Robert Lewandowski admits not wanting to holding talks with the Real Madrid.
Robert Lewandowski, also admits to holding talks together with Real Madrid.
Robert Lewandowski admits himself not to holding talks with the Real Madrid.
Robert Lewandowski also publicly admits to not holding talks with Real Madrid.
Brett thought Deacon could have a very great future at Leicester Tigers.
Brett Deacon could not possibly have a future career at Leicester Tigers.
Brett thought Deacon could not have a better future at Leicester Tigers.
Brett Deacon could have also had a better future at Leicester Tigers.
Brett Deacons also could not have a future at Leicester Tigers.
Cory Monteith also helped Lea Michele learn to prepare for her album Louder.
Cory Monteith also helped Lea Lea - Michele prepare for her album Louder.
Cory Monteith also has helped singer Lea Michele prepare for her album Louder.
Cory and Cory Monteith also helped Lea Michele prepare for her album Louder.
Coryell and Monteith also helped Lea Michele prepare for her album Louder.
Ruby Tuazon, could not have possibly been pressured, into implicating.
Ruby, Tuazon, he could have been pressured further into implicating.
Ruby Tuazon, could not have been easily pressured, into implicating.
Ruby, Tuazon, could certainly not have been pressured into implicating.
Ruby Tuazon, could have been so easily being pressured into implicating.
A burst dam on the main water main at Loch Gortletteragh has also caused disruptions.
A boiler burst installed on to the water supply main at Gortletteragh has caused disruptions.
A burst dam on the water supply main at the Gortletteragh has also caused disruptions.
A burst pipe being installed on the water mains at Gortletteragh has caused disruptions.
A burst on to the water mains at the Gortletteragh dam has caused disruptions.
A former Monroe County Deputy Sheriff's Deputy shot dead a local shoplifting suspect in Pittsford.
A Republican former Monroe County Sheriff's Deputy shot a shoplifting robbery murder suspect in Pittsford.
A corrupt Monroe County County Sheriff's Deputy shot dead a shoplifting robbery suspect in Pittsford.
A Monroe County County Sheriff's Assistant Deputy shot dead a shoplifting suspect while in Pittsford.
A Monroe County County Sheriff Deputy Sheriff's Deputy shot a suspected shoplifting suspect in Pittsford.
The health insurance board meeting date today has been canceled.
The health insurance meeting date has since then been canceled.
The scheduled annual health insurance board meeting has been canceled.
The health insurance meeting date today, has been canceled.
The health insurance company board meeting has since been canceled.
The rand remained relatively and relatively steady after the death of Nelson Mandela.
The rand remained steady, even after the death sentence of Nelson Mandela.
The rand has still remained steady even after the death of Nelson Mandela.
The financial rand has remained steady even after the death of Nelson Mandela.
The rand remained relatively steady after announcing of the death of Nelson Mandela.
Theftship of Apple Macintosh products will continue to increase.
Thefts of Apple products continue, yet again to increase.
Theftship sales of Apple Macintosh products continue to increase.
Theftship sales of the Apple products continue to increase.
Theftship and sales of Apple products continue to increase.
Salinas County police said a single local motorcyclist died from injuries.
Salinas police later said a local motorcyclist had died from injuries.
Salinas police said a single injured local motorcyclist died from injuries.
Salinas police said a local motorcyclist had also died from injuries.
Salinas police later said that a motorcyclist died later from injuries.
THE PRO - LIFE National Campaign Committee, has moved its conference to the RDS because of its own exceptional demand.
THE PROVE - LIFE Campaign has not moved its first annual conference to the RDS because of of exceptional demand.
THE PRO - LIFE Action Campaign has moved its conference center to support the RDS because of of its exceptional demand.
THE - PRO - LIFE Campaign has since moved its conference to the RDSC because of of its exceptional demand.
THE PRO - LIFE Campaign Committee has moved away from its conference to join the RDS because of of exceptional demand.
Jim Harbaugh does some push ups along with the Siku the walrus.
Jim Harbaughton does the push ups along with Siku the walrus.
Jimi Hendrix Harbaugh does push ups with Siku, the walrus.
Jimi Hendrix Harbaugh does push ups along with Siku the walrus.
Jim Harbaugh does some push ups along with the Siku the walrus.
The only other one here who bugged me is disappointed.
The only one who has ever bugged me is disappointed.
The only one who bugged at me now is disappointed.
The one person who has bugged me most is disappointed.
The one person who bugged at me most is disappointed.
Kenya ordered for placing all refugees into one of two UN designated camps.
Kenya ordered all refugees into one set - up of two designated camps.
Kenya ordered all refugees placed into either one out of two designated camps.
Kenya ordered all the refugees placed into the one of two designated camps.
Kenya ordered for placing all refugees back into one of two designated camps.
An Las - Vegas police department officer later killed himself, in a parking garage.
An Las - Vegas Vegas police department officer killed himself in a hotel parking garage.
An Las Vegas City Council police officer later killed himself, in a parking garage.
An Las Vegas police officer later killed himself, in leaving a hotel parking garage.
An Las Vegas police officer had nearly killed himself in traffic entering a parking garage.
India will not have even water - down its nuclear liability law.
India will also don't water down its own nuclear liability law.
India will also not let water down its own nuclear liability law.
India will also not water down its nuclear - weapons liability law.
India will not water down restrictions on its nuclear weapons liability law.
The 1954 St. - Joe Louis Cardinals fell in the series against the 1954 Pittsburgh Pirates.
The 1954 St. Louis Cardinals baseball team fell short in the series against the Pittsburgh Pirates.
The visiting, St. Louis Cardinals fell in for the series against, the Pittsburgh Pirates.
The St. - Louis Cardinals fell in for the championship series against the visiting Pittsburgh Pirates.
The St. Louis'Cardinals'also fell in the series against the visiting Pittsburgh Pirates.
Pakistan has condemned the mass suicide bomb attack held in Jalalabad.
Pakistan government also has condemned the suicide bomb attack in Jalalabad.
Pakistan has also condemned for planning the suicide attack in Jalalabad.
Pakistan has condemned the mass - suicide attack held in Jalalabad.
Pakistan has condemned the attempted mass suicide attack held in Jalalabad.
The number of home sales and sales exceeded 70, 000 units, for the record second month in a row.
The number number of home sales exceeded 70, 000 for May only the second month in a nearly a row.
The number of new new - home sales had exceeded 70, 000 for only the second month in a row.
The number of home sales exceeded 70, 000 new units for the second month, in almost one a row.
The number of home sales had exceeded 70, 000 for only the twenty second consecutive home month in a row.
Ottawa police released only the full names of the six other people killed, when a southbound Via Rail train collided.
Ottawa police released the names of all the other six Canadian people killed when when a Via - Rail train collided.
Ottawa police released the names of the other six and other people killed when when driving a Via Rail train collided.
Ottawa police later released the names of the six other people killed when a Via Rail Canada train passenger train collided.
Ottawa police released the namestone of the six other five people killed when a southbound Via Rail passenger train collided.
The Boston Red - Sox avoided salary cap arbitration with / without Mike Carp, Junichi Tazawa, and Jonathan Herrera.
The Boston Red Sox also avoided salary arbitration with / without Mike Carp, Junichiro Tazawa and rookie Jonathan Herrera.
The 2011 Boston College Red - Sox avoided arbitration along with / Mike Carp, / Junichi Tazawa and Jonathan Herrera.
The 2007 Boston Red Sox avoided salary arbitration with / without pitchers Mike Carp, Junichiro Tazawa and Jonathan Herrera.
The Boston Red Sox avoided salary cap and arbitration with / without Mike Carp, pitchers Junichi Tazawa and Jonathan Herrera.
The murder murder trial of 20 Al - Jazeera and English journalists was adjourned for the fifth time.
The trial hearing of 20 Al - Jazeera English news journalists was then adjourned for the fifth time.
The trial of all the 20 Al - Jazeera journalists was then adjourned for only the fifth time.
The murder trial of 20 Al - Jazeera journalists was then adjourned, for the unprecedented fifth time.
The trial hearing of the 20 Al al - Jazeera journalists was then adjourned for the fifth time.
Scot Bennett has said that the team need to first take a much closer look again.
Scot Bennetts has said the football team will need to take a closer look again.
Scot Bennetts, has said the team need to just go take a look again.
Scot Bennett has said that the team need help to help take a closer look again.
Scot Bennett has said the team need more than enough time to take a look again.
Congress expelled only six percent of its MPs.
Congress also had expelled six of its MPs.
Congress expelled six out of all its MPs.
Congress expelled only the six of its MPs.
Congress expelled only six of all its MPs.
A man being shot at by deputies was not the man named in the issuing a warrant.
A man shot at by all the deputies was not the man he named in a warrant.
A man shot by two deputies was clearly not the same man as named in a warrant.
A young man being shot by deputies was not the man named as in signing a warrant.
A man shot by deputies was probably not the man that he named himself in a warrant.
The expansion Miami - Beach Heat have signed Larry Drew II.
The Miami Beach Heat also may have signed Larry Drew II.
The expansion Miami Beach Heat have signed quarterback Larry Drew II.
The expansion Miami Beach Heat have signed Larry King Drew II.
The expansion Miami Heat have signed quarterback Larry King Drew II.
Thousands of anonymous Bulgarians donated millions more of money for the refugees.
Thousands of anonymous ethnically Bulgarians donated millions more for the refugees.
Thousands " of anonymous Bulgarians donated millions more " for the refugees.
Thousands of other anonymous Bulgarians donated all their millions for the refugees.
Thousands of anonymous Bulgarians have also donated several millions for the refugees.
Arctic Monkeys fans are streaming their new album live on AM at iTunes.
Arctic Monkeys fans also are streaming their new album on AM at iTunes.
Arctic Monkeys are currently streaming on their brand new album AM at iTunes.
Arctic Monkeys are streaming their new album live live on AM at iTunes.
Arctic Monkeys are streaming their new album live on AMA at iTunes.
The LG G3s are set up specifically for the new and must have feature.
The LG and G3 are also custom - set for the new must have feature.
The LG and G3 are set for which the optional new must - have feature.
The LG G3 are set - up for the new generation and must have feature.
The LG G3 are set for the first - time new and must have feature.
Rare is video footage of Michael Collins taken on the day after he had signed his very own death warrant.
Rare video of the Michael Michael Collins taken on the day he had first signed his own personal death warrant.
Rare video footage of Michael Michael Collins was taken on the day immediately after he signed his own death warrant.
Rare video footage of singer Michael Collins taken on the same very day he signed his very own death warrant.
Rare online video of singer Michael Collins taken on the same day he signed his own, personal death warrant.
Timo Sheens has since been re - appointed coach.
Timo Sheens has been re - - appointed coach.
Timo Sheens has been the re - appointed coach.
Timo Sheens has been re - - appointed coach.
Timo Sheens has been the re - appointed coach.
ANA An unnamed Israeli soldier was killed by a Lebanese sniper.
AN Israeli army soldier was later killed by a lone Lebanese sniper.
AN Israeli soldier who was killed by terrorists shooting a Lebanese sniper.
AN Israeli soldier, was later killed by a lone Lebanese sniper.
AN Israeli soldier, was killed, by shooting a Lebanese sniper.
Ukraine asked Russia's Gazprom Bank for a $ 2 - 3 billion loan.
Ukraine asked Russia's rival Gazprom for providing a US $ 2 billion loan.
Ukraine asked to the Russia's Gazprom for such a $ 2 billion loan.
Ukraine asked Russia's Gazprom for a new US $ US 2 billion loan.
Ukraine has asked Russia's rival Gazprom for a US $ 2 billion loan.
Rajamouli's Bahubali campaign is also progressing briskly.
Rajamouli's Bahubali campaign is also progressing briskly.
Rajamouli's Bahubali campaign is still progressing briskly.
Rajamouli's successful Bahubali campaign is progressing briskly.
Rajamouli's eldest son Bahubali is progressing briskly.
Nine new traditional agricultural industry villages, will be established this month.
Nineteen traditional agricultural industry villages will also be established this month.
Nine traditional agricultural and light industry villages will be established this month.
Nineteen traditional industry based rural villages will be established this month.
Nine traditional agricultural industry villages will also be established in this month.
Rapper, Professor Green has been arrested on having just the first suspicion of perverting the course of justice.
Rapper, Professor Sir John Green has been arrested on suspicion of perverting in changing the course of justice.
Rapper, Professor Sir David Greenfield has been arrested on suspicion of perverting the natural course of justice.
Rapper " Professor Greenfield has been arrested on suspicion " of perverting in the course system of justice.
Rapper Professor Green has been arrested on the first suspicion of deliberately deliberately perverting in the course of justice.
The ANCYL accused by itself the DA of illegally using pupils.
The group called ANCYL accused the local DA of using pupils.
The ANCYL accused both and the DA of illegally using pupils.
The ANCYL has also accused the DA of not using pupils.
The ANCYL was accused by the DA of illegally using pupils.
A Indonesian immigration service official, says that " the key to stopping asylum seekers is for countries more willing to end conflict.
A Indonesian national immigration service official says the key to stopping asylum - seekers is for countries to help help them end conflict.
A Indonesian immigration official also says that the key to stopping asylum - seekers is support for countries seeking to help end conflict.
A Indonesian government and an immigration official says the key to stopping asylum seekers is for developing African countries to help end conflict.
A Indonesian government immigration official says that the most key possible solution to stopping asylum seekers is for countries willing to end conflict.
The couple had just barely knew each other from school.
The young married couple knew each the other from school.
The couple barely knew each the - other from school.
The couple knew about calling each the other from school.
The couple knew each other well well enough from school.
Katie Lee McGinty demanded more funding to expand the state's school hunger program.
Katie McGinty also demanded more funding to expand the state's school hunger program.
Katie McGinty also demanded more funding needed to support the state's hunger program.
Katie McGinty demanded more federal government funding to support the state's hunger program.
Katie - Lee McGinty demanded for more funding to the state's hunger program.
Joe Flacco won't change anything in his own leadership style.
Joe Joe Flacco won't change his very own leadership style.
Joe Flaccotti still won't change his old leadership style.
Joe Flaccos won't even slightly change his leadership style.
Joe Joe Flacco won't tolerate change in his leadership style.
Beijing Genomics Research Institute works very hard to clone 500 pigs a year.
Beijing Genomics Institute works very very hard to clone 500 pigs a year.
Beijing Genomics Institute works to successfully clones over 500 pigs a year.
Beijing Veterinary Genomics Institute works hard to successfully clone 500 pigs a year.
Beijing Genomics Research Institute works to clone over 500 pigs in a year.
Google has also also recently bought virtual imaging patents from Foxconn.
Google has bought virtual reality imaging patents directly acquired from Foxconn.
Google has also bought several virtual imaging technology patents from Foxconn.
Google has also bought virtual imaging patents, mostly from Foxconn.
Google Ventures LLC has bought virtual reality imaging patents from Foxconn.
Gary Lee Clark Jr. will also later release a remix version of on his debut album.
Gary Lee Clark, Jr. will release a new remix version of his upcoming debut album.
Gary Clark Jr., will also release a new remix version, of his debut album.
Gary Clark Jr. will also release a new remix version of on to his debut album.
Gary Lee Clark Jr. will release a remix version instead of just releasing his debut album.
Future and singer Ciara confirmed that they both, are in fact having a boy.
Futureface and Ciara confirmed that, they are in fact having met a boy.
Future Joe and Ciara confirmed that they too are in fact fact having a boy.
Future Joe and Ciara have confirmed they are not in fact considering having a boy.
Future and by then Ciara confirmed they are not in fact fact having a boy.
He himself also has told Abramovich.
He also, has told Abramovich.
He still has not told Abramovich.
He also has not told Abramovich.
He has not yet told Abramovich.
Patsy McCrory has also signed an executive order supporting efforts to rebuild West Virginia.
Patsy McCrory has signed an emergency executive branch order for supporting to West Virginia.
Patsy Lee McCrory has also signed an executive court order supporting to West Virginia.
Pat McCrory has also signed on an emergency executive order for supporting to West Virginia.
Pat McCrory has signed an executive - level branch executive order supporting to West Virginia.
The former driver of a truck driver truck that allegedly killed an Arlington mother has been charged.
The driver of any such or a truck that has killed an Arlington mother has been charged.
The driver of a truck that killed an elderly South Arlington neighborhood mother has never been charged.
The driver of a truck that killed an Arlington mother has since also apparently never been charged.
The driver of a truck accident that killed half an average Arlington mother has never been charged.
Kimi Raikkonen herself is not even really expecting too many changes.
Kimi - Raikkonen is not really expecting too - many changes.
Kimi Raikkonen however is not really expecting too - many changes.
Kimi - Raikkonen is also not expecting any too many changes.
Kimi - Raikkonen is not expecting any, too many changes.
Disney Junior celebrates Halloween, with themed episodes reminiscents of hit series.
Disney Channel Disney Junior celebrates Halloween with themed special episodes of hit series.
Disney Junior also celebrates its Halloween season with themed episodes of hit series.
Disney Junior celebrates Halloween with special themed and special episodes of hit series.
Disney Junior celebrates on its first Halloween with themed episodes of hit series.
Shahid Kapoor had also replaced Imran Khan.
Shahidi Kapoor replaced actor Imran Khan.
Shahidi Kapoor replaced by Imran Khan.
Shahidi Kapoor replaced by Imran Khan.
Shahid Kapoor replaced actor, Imran Khan.
Members, of both the Iraqi election commission, have resigned.
Members of the former Iraqi Kurdistan election control commission have resigned.
Members of both the Iraqi Kurdistan election control commission have resigned.
Members of the former Iraqi election control commission also have resigned.
Members of the former Iraqi election control commission also have resigned.
Tajikistan and also the Western EU discussed the different perspectives for cooperation.
Tajikistan government and the EU discussed the different perspectives needed for cooperation.
Tajikistan, and the EU discussed all the different perspectives for cooperation.
Tajikistan government and the EU Commission have discussed the perspectives for cooperation.
Tajikistan government and the Western European EU discussed the perspectives for cooperation.
Liverpool Motor City is the envy capital of the world.
Liverpool is the envy jewel of almost all the world.
Liverpool football club is now the envy of the world.
Liverpool'football is the envy of all the world.
Liverpool City is the envying capital of the world.
PHOENICIA : A boil water advisory system system was lifted.
PHOENICIA A temporary boil - water advisory system was lifted.
PHOENICIA : A temporary temporary boil water advisory was lifted.
PHOENICIA A boil water flood advisory warning system was lifted.
PHOENICIA : A boil - water advisory system was lifted.
Usaint Bolt remains as a shining beacon of hope.
Usain Bolt still remains a single shining beacon of hope.
Usain Bolt remains as a beacon of light of hope.
Usaint Bolt remains a shining beacon light of hope.
Usain and Bolt remains as a beacon light of hope.
Edd Miliband was pelted with eggs during such a major campaign stop.
Ed Miliband himself was pelted repeatedly, with eggs during a campaign stop.
Ed Miliband was pelted with Easter eggs during such a major campaign stop.
Ed Miliband was pelted with eggs, particularly during a major campaign stop.
Edd Miliband himself was pelted down with eggs during a campaign stop.
Britannia Industries has set up its own bakery products manufacturing manufacturing plant unit at Jhagadia near Gujarat.
Britannia Industries has also set up its bakery and products unit at village of Jhagadia near Gujarat.
Britannia International Food Industries has also set - up its bakery products unit at Jhagadia near Gujarat.
Britannia Industries has set up its own bakery and products unit at the Jhagadia, near Gujarat.
Britannia Industries Limited has set - up its bakery products unit at the Jhagadia, near Gujarat.
An rig blowout, in particular the Gulf Coast of Mexico, forced 47 workers to evacuate.
An rigged blowout in the Gulf of Mexico forced 473 construction workers ashore to evacuate.
An rig blowout occurred in the Gulf of New - Mexico forced all 47 workers to evacuate.
An rig blowout, in the Gulf of New Mexico, forced all 47 workers to evacuate.
An rigged blowout in near the Gulf of Mexico forced 473 construction workers to evacuate.
Hudson County officials, and county government employees must now undergo ethics training.
Hudson County officials and employees must also now undergo additional professional ethics training.
Hudson County government officials and employees must also now undergo professional ethics training.
Hudson County officials and county government employees also must now undergo ethics training.
Hudson County officials and employees alike must now also also undergo ethics training.
Russell Simmons himself later publicly apologized for a parody video used in a sex tape.
Russell Simmons later publicly apologized for a parody video used earlier in a sex tape.
Russell - Simmons apologized for using a sex tape parody video in a sex tape.
Russell Simmons apologized for using a parody sex tape video used in a sex tape.
Russell Simmons later, publicly apologized for a sexual parody video in a sex tape.
He was being portrayed again as Dracula who often also drank children's blood.
He was being portrayed as a young Dracula who drank his children's blood.
He was being portrayed again as Count Dracula, who drank children's blood.
He was being portrayed, instead, as Dracula who drank children's blood.
He was being originally portrayed instead as Dracula, who drank children's blood.
But I have got myself into a question about just how 3D Game programming works.
But now I have got a big question about how the 3D Game programming works.
But now, I have asked a question about how 3D Game Boy programming works.
But I do have a question about just how the 3D Video Game programming works.
But now I have a question about how 3D Video In - Game programming works.
Stoke midfielder, Charliey - Adam has targeted for a top - 10 finish in the next season.
Stoke midfielder Charlie Adam has targeted a top - 10 finish early on early in season the next season.
Stoke midfielder, striker, Charlie Adam has targeted for a top 10 league finish in the next season.
Stoke City midfielder, Charlie Adam has targeted for a new top 10 finisher in the next season.
Stoke midfielder, Charlie Adama has targeted a second top - 10 finish in the league next season.
Wales centre half - back Jonathan Davies has agreed to join Clermont Auvergne.
Wales centre Jonathan Lee Davies, has agreed to join the Clermont Auvergne.
Wales international centre Jonathan Davies has agreed terms to permanently join Clermont Auvergne.
Wales centre forward Jonathan Davies has agreed to permanently and join Clermont Auvergne.
Wales'international centre Jonathan Lee Davies has agreed to join Clermont Auvergne.
Mdhuset has announced that it it will also soon be adding real - estate listings to its telefonkatalogen. biz website.
Mdhuset has announced that 2017 it will be adding real - estate listings online to supplement its telefonkatalogen. biz website.
Mdhuset Media has announced it it will be adding real - estate listings to help support its telefonkatalogen. biz website.
Mdhuset has also announced that it it will be adding its real estate tax listings to its telefonkatalogen. biz website.
Mdhuset has also recently announced that it will be considering adding its real estate listings to its telefonkatalogen. biz website.
A magnitude 7. 6 earthquake also struck near islands to the Solomon Islands.
A magnitude - 5 7. 6 earthquake struck near the southern Solomon Islands.
A magnitude 7. 6 - magnitude earthquake also struck near the Solomon Islands.
A strong September 2011 magnitude 7. 6 earthquake struck near the Solomon Islands.
A very strong magnitude + 7. 6 earthquake struck near the Solomon Islands.
India, and even Pakistan should do away with all their old thinking.
India and even Pakistan should not do well away with their old thinking.
India and Pakistan should do well away with their very own old thinking.
India and Pakistan should not do away well with their own old thinking.
India, and maybe Pakistan really should do away with their old thinking.
The entire Eurozone returned to growth after ending in the recession.
The entire Eurozone returned to growth levels shortly after the recession.
The Eurozone returned, almost steadily to growth after the recession.
The Eurozone returned steadily, due to growth after the recession.
The Eurozone has returned to steady growth after ending the recession.
Vote for the Aam Aadmi Party is declared voteless for instability.
Vote for the Aam Aadmi Party, which is vote for instability.
Vote for Aamma in Aadmi Party is to vote for instability.
Vote for by the Aamul Aadmi Party is vote for instability.
Vote for Aammi Aadmi Party Party which is vote for instability.
JENNIFER LAWRENCE has received both harsh criticism and an official apology from editors at America's! magazine over a false story.
JENNIFER : LAWRENCES has received an apology from editors working at the America's! magazine over publishing a false story.
JENNIFER : LAWRENCE has received an apology letter from the editors at America's!! magazine over a completely false story.
JENNIFER : LAWRENCES has received both as an apology from editors and at America's! magazine over a false story.
JENNIFER LAWRENCE has also received an official apology from editors at and both the America's! magazine over a false story.
A subsequent Bloomfield police car pursuit eventually ended in a Newark crash.
A Bloomfield - Hills police pursuit ended up in a Newark crash.
A successful Bloomfield police pursuit eventually ended in causing a Newark crash.
A Bloomfield Hills police car pursuit ended in causing a Newark crash.
A subsequent Bloomfield police pursuit ended in a fatal West Newark crash.
Neuroscientists have identified with the entire dense white matter scaffold of half the human brain.
Neuroscientists have also identified the white - matter molecular scaffold of the entire human brain.
Neuroscientists have identified perhaps the first white matter scaffolding of the entire human brain.
Neuroscientists have identified the white matter - brain scaffold of about half the human brain.
Neuroscientists have also identified the first artificial white matter scaffold of the entire human brain.
A Fontana man was arrested twice for allegedly allegedly committing to a casual sex act with just a male minor at a park.
A Fontana County man was arrested for, allegedly allegedly and allegedly committing a sex act with, a minor at a park.
A young Fontana man was arrested only twice for allegedly committing a sexist act with just a minor at such a park.
A Fontana Palm Beach County maniac was arrested for allegedly allegedly committing a sex act with a minor at such a park.
A young Fontana County man was arrested for allegedly committing a sexist act with only a female minor at such a park.
Shirley Van Herz died.
Shirley Van Herz died.
Shirley Van Herz died.
Shirley Van Herz died.
Shirley Van Herz died.
A young Chinese woman also poses nude for a photogenic booth below one of the world's largest LED screens, and it still remains a tourist attraction in Beijing.
A Chinese woman once poses herself for hanging a photo below one of the modern world's largest LED screens, " and it still today remains a attraction in Beijing.
A Chinese woman poses for a " nude nude photo below one of the world's largest LED LED screens, ", and it remains a attraction in Beijing.
A Chinese young woman poses for a photo below one of the world's largest LED " screens, " and it still remains as a tourist attraction today in Beijing.
A Chinese woman also poses for a photo booth below on board one of the modern world's largest LED television screens, and it still remains a attraction in Beijing.
A man freer on bond was also granted as a reduction.
A man free on bondage bond charges was granted a reduction.
A single free man free on a bond was granted a reduction.
A man free and on a bond was granted for a reduction.
A man set free on the bondage was granted a reduction.
Jacobi - Zuma will also not resign over the Nkandla scandal.
Jacob Zuma will still not resign over the May 2014 Nkandla scandal.
Jacobi Zumala will also not resign over the Nkandla scandal.
Jacob Zumala will not yet immediately resign over the Nkandla scandal.
Jacobi - Zuma will also not resign over the Nkandla scandal.
Harper - Lee has since settled the lawsuit.
Harper - Lee has settled on the lawsuit.
Harpers - Lee has settled the lawsuit.
Harper Lee Publishing Group has settled the lawsuit.
Harper Lee Publishing Group has settled the lawsuit.
Amy - Lee Jackson, is currently dating Coronation Street star Ryan Thomas.
Amy Jackson, is dating former Coronation Street star, actor Ryan Thomas.
Amy Jackson, actress who is dating Coronation - Street star Ryan Thomas.
Amy Jackson, is currently dating former Coronation Street star, Ryan Thomas.
Amy Jackson, is dating former TV Coronation - Street star Ryan Thomas.
A man has also been falsely accused of filming with his coworkers.
A man has been accused of filming pornography with all his coworkers.
A man who has been accused of illegally filming with his coworkers.
A young man has been falsely accused of illegally filming his coworkers.
A man has also been accused of illegally illegally filming his coworkers.
Fitch Ratings has also successfully affirmed 11 Saudi - Arabian banks.
Fitch Financial Ratings International has affirmed 11 other Saudi Arabian banks.
Fitchburg Financial Ratings has also affirmed 11 Saudi Arabian banks.
Fitch and Ratings Bank International has affirmed 11 Saudi Arabian banks.
Fitch Ratings has also affirmed 11 Saudio - Arabian banks.
Asus Technology Group has strengthened its convertible notebooks and tablets portfolio.
Asus has strengthened focus on its existing convertible notebook and tablets portfolio.
Asus has strengthened its convertible, mobile notebook and tablet tablets portfolio.
Asus has also strengthened its convertible, notebook, and tablets portfolio.
Asus has strengthened with its own convertible notebooks and tablets portfolio.
New Zealand then wrapped up the entire 2014 T20I series 4 0.
New - Zealand wrapped up in the domestic T20I series 4 0.
New - Zealand wrapped up the T20Is series at 4 0.
New Zealand wrapped up the T20I series at a close 4 0.
New - Zealand wrapped up in winning the T20I series 4 0.
Youre not knowing exactly how to even get emergency money.
Youre not sure how else to even get emergency money.
Youre knowe not how to even get emergency money.
Youre not how lucky of you to get emergency money.
Youre know not quite how lucky to get emergency money.
THEM Osiligi Maasai Warrior Troupe # 2 will perform.
THEM Osiligi - Maasai Warrior Dance Troupe will perform.
THEM Osiligi Maasai Warrior Dance Troupe 2 will perform.
THE Osiligiu - Maasai Warrior Dance Troupe will perform.
THE Osiligiu - Maasai Warrior Troupe members will perform.
St. Albertville has also overtaken Calgary as the second best possible place to live in Canada.
St. - Albertville has also overtaken Calgary as the second best place to live in Canada.
St. Albert has overtaken Calgary as arguably the best place ever to permanently live anywhere in Canada.
St. Albert has overtaken downtown downtown Calgary as being the best place to live anywhere in Canada.
St. Albert has overtaken downtown Calgary as having the second best place to live live in Canada.
A man was robbed while walking near the Baltimore - Washington State University University Medical Center.
A young man who was robbed while walking stopped near the Baltimore Washington University Medical Center.
A mysterious young man who was robbed while walking near the Baltimore Washington University Medical Center.
A man who was robbed twice while out walking near the Baltimore - Washington Medical Center.
A man who was robbed while out walking nears the Baltimore Washington University Medical Center.
Tom Coburn said he would retire at about the end of only about half the session.
Tom Coburn said that he would retire at about noon at the end of the session.
Tom Coburn said later that he himself would likely retire at the end of the session.
Tommie Coburn said that he would not retire at even the end of the session.
Tom Coburn said that he would likely retire early at the end point of the session.
A rural, eastern Oklahoma Tomah Trail man was killed in a car crash in the town of La Grange.
A rural Tomah maniac was killed in a crash landing accident, in the nearby town of La Grange.
A rural Tomah maniac was killed in one such a crash, in the nearby town of La Grange.
A rural Tomahoe maniac was killed in one such a crash in near the town of La Grange.
A rural Tomah maniac was killed in a crash in 1961, near the small town of La Grange.
Scott and Lively claimed science fiction says that gays are not using their bodies incorrectly.
Scott and Lively claimed science says that the gays themselves are using their bodies incorrectly.
Scotty Lively has claimed science says that gays are using their own bodies incorrectly.
Scott Lively claimed science fiction says gays " are using their own " bodies incorrectly.
Scott Lively has claimed science says gays " are using " their " bodies incorrectly.
A Delaware County patrol man has been recently arrested for a vehicular homicide.
A Delaware Valley County man has also been recently arrested for vehicular homicide.
A former Delaware County patrol man who has been arrested for vehicular homicide.
A young Delaware County man has been arrested twice for a vehicular homicide.
A Delaware County patrol man has since also been arrested for vehicular homicide.
Miami Marlins'executive director, Michael Hill was promoted to president of the baseball operations.
Miami Marlins'executive athletic director Michael Lee Hill was promoted to president of baseball operations.
Miami Marlins executive athletic director, and Michael Hill was promoted to president of baseball operations.
Miami Marlins executive director, Michael Hill was later promoted to president emeritus of baseball operations.
Miami / Marlins executive Michael Lee Hill was promoted to president - emeritus of baseball operations.
Armenian opposition movement lacks the opportunities to actively fight against the government.
Armenian opposition political movement lacks opportunities to fight against and the government.
Armenian opposition movement lacks the opportunities to fight against and the government.
Armenian political opposition also lacks the opportunities to fight against the government.
Armenian opposition lacks opportunities to actively actively fight back against the government.
Greece qualified automatically for a FIFA World Cup.
Greece qualified for hosting a FIFA World Cup.
Greece has qualified for hosting a World Cup.
Greece qualified for hosting of a World Cup.
Greece qualified automatically automatically for a World Cup.
Ray Nagin has arrived at the federal courthouse on Friday the very very very first day of hearing his corruption trial.
Ray - Nagin has only just arrived back at the federal courthouse on the first day of his own corruption trial.
Ray Nagin has arrived at the federal courthouse, on the first full - day of hearing his own corruption trial.
Ray Nagin has arrived back at the federal courthouse on the very first full day ahead of starting his corruption trial.
Ray Nagin has arrived back at the federal court district courthouse on the very very first day of his corruption trial.
Meryl Streep is in talks with about how to portray actress Susan Boyle in an biopic.
Meryl Streep is currently in talks to also portray actress Susan Boyle in such an biopic.
Meryl Streep is in talks - about to also portray Susan Boyle, in an biopic.
Meryll Streep is in talks to also portray Susanne Boyle, in an biopic.
Meryl Streep is in talks to portray the actress Susanne Flynn Boyle in an biopic.
State Rep., Paul Clymer, is retiring.
State Senate Rep. Paul Clymer, is retiring.
State Rep. Paulette Clymer, is retiring.
State Senate Rep. John Paul Clymer is retiring.
State Senate Rep. Paul Clymer, is retiring.
A woman who has been falsely charged for setting her former common law husband up on fire.
A woman who has been charged for deliberately setting her common - - law husband on fire.
A young married woman has been falsely charged for deliberately setting her common law husband on fire.
A married woman who has been charged for setting up her former common law husband on fire.
A married woman has been charged for deliberately setting her common law married male husband on fire.
Trent Johnston will also retire from international Twenty20 cricket in December.
Trent Johnston who will also retire early from cricket in December.
Trent - Johnston will retire from full international cricket in December.
Trent Johnston will also officially retire from international cricket in December.
Trent Johnston will also retire almost permanently from cricket in December.
A holiday turned into such of a nightmare.
A Christmas holiday turned into such a nightmare.
A holiday turned everything into such a nightmare.
A holiday turned into such of a nightmare.
A holiday had turned everything into a nightmare.
Haryana state government is warming up to the political rallies.
Haryana is also warming itself up due to political rallies.
Haryana state government also is warming up to political rallies.
Haryana government is warming it up due to political rallies.
Haryana is also warming up itself up to political rallies.
The GMOAC is getting itself ready again for a trade union action.
The GMOAC is getting ready again for a trade - union action.
The GMOA is getting ready for such a major trade - union action.
The entire local GMOA is getting ready for a major trade union action.
The GMOA is now getting itself ready for a major trade union action.
It just looks like that Kylie, Jenner and Jaden Smith are dating.
It also looks like Kylie Jenner and Jaden and Smither are dating.
It looks like Kylie Jenner and Jaden Taylor - Smiths are dating.
It looks like Kylie Jenner and Jaden - Taylor - Smith are dating.
It looks like Kylie Jenner Smith and not Kylie Jaden Smith are dating.
Jennifer - - Jennifer Love Hewitt married just five days before giving birth.
Jennifer Love Hewitt married to him just five short days before giving birth.
Jennifer Love - Jennifer Hewitt was married just five days before giving birth.
Jennifer Love Hewitt was married just five short - days before giving birth.
Jennifer Love Hewitt was married just five days before and her giving birth.
X Factor runner up, Whenua Patuwai will also perform in Tauranga.
XX - Factor runner Whenua Patuwaii will perform in Tauranga.
X - Factor Factor runner Whenua Patuwai will perform live in Tauranga.
X - Factor runner Whenua Patuwaii will also perform in Tauranga.
X Factor show runner Whenua Patuwai will also also perform in Tauranga.
Dan Radcliffe and British stage actor Rupert Grint appeared and both won at both the 2014 What's On Stage awards.
Dan Radcliffe, and Rupert Grint appeared in and both won awards at the 2014 What's On The Stage awards.
Dann Radcliffe and Rupert Von Grint appeared together, and won at the 2014 What's On The Stage awards.
Dann - Radcliffe and Rupert Grint appeared and both won at least both the 2014 What's On Stage awards.
Dan Radcliffe, and Rupert Grint also appeared and both won at both the 2014 What's On The Stage awards.
A bank bank robber has been trapped up on to the roof.
A bank robber who has apparently been trapped inside on the roof.
A bank bank robber, has also been trapped on the roof.
A bank robber, who has also been trapped on the roof.
A bank robber, has been recently found trapped on the roof.
HTC is working again, on a brand new smartphone called Zara.
HTC is working again on and developing a new smartphone called Zara.
HTC Mobile is working on a new Android smartphone, called Zara.
HTC Mobile is working again, on a new smartphone called Zara.
HTC is working on and developing a new smartphone, called Zara.
Newsweek International wanted Lord Mandelson, to coach Rebekah Brooks, the only trial he has heard.
News International wanted Lord Mandelson to coach as Rebekah and Brooks, the trial judge, has heard.
News International wanted Lord Justice Mandelson to coach Rebekah Brooks, the only trial judge he has heard.
News International wanted the Lord Justice Mandelson to help coach the Rebekah Brooks, the trial has heard.
News International wanted Lord and Chief Justice Mandelson to coach. Rebekah Brooks, the trial has heard.
OS X : The Mavericks release - date rumors point.
OS / X - Mavericks release date, rumors point.
OS / OS X Mavericks'release date rumors point.
OS X / X Mavericks release date, rumors point.
OS / X Mavericks release to - date rumors point.
India, and Nepal are set - up to jointly sign a landmark tourism deal.
India, and Nepal are set up to sign a major and landmark tourism deal.
India, and Nepal are also set to sign a major and landmark tourism deal.
India and Nepal are set to both sign a major and landmark international tourism deal.
India and Nepal, are set up to sign a landmark joint international tourism deal.
India have also been also awarded an Asian Club Champions League slot.
India have been awarded an AFC East Asian Champions'League slot.
India also have been awarded an Asian Cricket Club Champions League slot.
India also recently have been awarded an Asian Champions Cricket League slot.
India have been awarded an Asian Club Cricket Champions Cricket League slot.
Mangla Dam flood affectees were also called off their strike.
Manglaj Dam flood affectees have called off their strike.
Mangla Dam affectees also called off strikes on their strike.
Manglao Dam flood affectees called - off their strike.
Mangla Dam affectees called them off early on their strike.
A man sustained head - injuries shortly afterwards after being beaten during a bar fight, over a debt of RM40.
A man sustained a severe head over - injuries after being beaten during a fight over a debt owed of RM40.
A man sustained head injuries shortly after being severely beaten during a barroom bar fight over a debt of RM40.
A man sustained head wound - injuries after being beaten during such a fight over a debt he owed of RM40.
A man sustained head injuries after being beaten up during a drunken barroom fight over a gambling debt of RM40.
Demi Moore - Lovato is leaving on The XX - Factor.
Demi Lovato, is leaving on to The XX - Factor.
Demi Lovato, is leaving work on The XX - Factor.
Demi - Lovato is leaving the town on The X - Factor.
Demi joins Lovato who is leaving on to The X - Factor.
Africa carried the highest possible economic hopes of the world.
Africa carried the highest human hopes of saving the world.
Africa carried the hopes of far out of the world.
Africa carried the highest hopes out out of the world.
Africa has carried out on the hopes of the world.
A Chinese banknote may have also been used by the Hamas to help launder money.
A Chinese bank may also possibly have also once been used by Hamas to launder money.
A local Chinese bank may have also once been used by Hamas militants to launder money.
A top secret Chinese central bank account may have been used by Hamas to launder money.
A local Chinese bank account may also possibly have been used by Hamas to launder money.
Rolfe Harris, will also stand trial April accused him of assaulting young girls.
Rolf Harris will also stand trial April 2018 accused him of assaulting two young girls.
Rolf Harris will also stand at trial April accused him of sexually assaulting young girls.
Rolf Harris will stand trial April, 2018 accused of sexually assaulting two young girls.
Rolf Harris who will stand trial in April accused by him of assaulting young girls.
A woman had had to be cut nearly clean out of her car following such a collision.
A woman had to also be cut cleanly out of her car following such a collision.
A woman who had to be completely cut out because of her car following such a collision.
A woman who had to just be cut clean out of her car, following a collision.
A young woman had to be cut right out of her very own car following a collision.
India and Indonesia also plan to jointly explore opportunities in oil, and natural gas, sectors.
India and Indonesia plan to explore some new economic opportunities, in oil and gas, sectors.
India and neighboring Indonesia plan to explore opportunities in the emerging oil, and gas, sectors.
India, and later Indonesia, plan to explore opportunities in oil, and gas, sectors.
India and Indonesia plan activities jointly to explore opportunities both in oil and natural gas, sectors.
China Post reports Jaden Rabbit is Go.
China reports Jaden Rabbits is Go.
China reports that Jaden Rabbit is Go.
China reports that the Jade Rabbit is Go.
China reports that Jaden Rabbit is Go.
The US has also condemned the terrorist attack on the Turkish Cypriot diplomatic mission residences located in Mogadishu, Somalia.
The US has also condemned the attack on all the Turkish Cypriot diplomatic residences, located in Mogadishu, Somalia.
The US has condemned the attack on the Turkish Cypriot Cypriot diplomatic mission residences located nearby in Mogadishu, Somalia.
The US has condemned the attack on the other two Turkish Cypriot diplomatic residences located nearby in Mogadishu, Somalia.
The United US government has condemned the attack on all the Turkish diplomatic staff and residences in Mogadishu, Somalia.
A man was reportedly also struck and was killed instantly by an train in Billerica.
A young man still living nearby was struck and killed by an train in Billerica.
A third man was struck down, and killed by hitting an train in Billerica.
A man nearby was struck and killed by lightning crossing of an train in Billerica.
A very young man was accidentally struck down and killed by an train in Billerica.
Beyoncé and Jay Z fired off from their male male bodyguard for hiring a prostitute while.
Beyoncé and Jay Z later get fired - off their bodyguard for hiring a prostitute while.
Beyoncé Knowles and rapper Jay - Z Z fired their bodyguard for hiring a prostitute while.
Beyoncé and Jay - Z fired their bodyguards for hiring out as a prostitute while.
Beyoncé Knowles and Jay Z fired their personal bodyguards for hiring a female prostitute while.
Grant Balfour Royals right - - - hander and Greg Van Holland have been named American League All - Stars.
Grant Balfour Royals right - hander Greg and Van Holland have been named American Hockey League All All - Stars.
Grant Balfour Royals right - hander Greg Holland have been both named American Professional Hockey League First All - Stars.
Grant Balfour Royals right - hander Greg Hollander, have been named an American Hockey League All - Stars.
Grant Balfour Royals right - hander, he and Greg Holland have been named American League All All - Stars.
A Fort - Collins black man has received a life sentence suspended for shooting at his fiance in the head.
A very young Fort Collins black man has received a sentence, suspended for shooting his fiance in the head.
A Fort Collins man has recently received a sentence for shooting at his former - fiance in over the head.
A Fort Collins man, who has received only half a sentence for shooting his fiancee in the head.
A Fort Collins maniac has received a life sentence, for allegedly shooting his former fiance in the head.
Grego Maddux, Tommie Glavine, and Frank Thomas were all elected to baseball's Baseball Hall of Fame.
Greg Maddux, Tom Glavine and Frank Thomas were all elected members to the college baseball's Baseball Hall of Fame.
Greg Maddux, teammates Tom Glavine and Frank Thomas were elected members of and to baseball's Baseball Hall of Fame.
Greg Maddux, Tommies Glavine and Frank Thomas were elected members and to the baseball's Hall of Fame.
Greg Maddux, Tommie Glavine and Frank Thomas were all later elected to the baseball's Baseball Hall of Fame.
A zookeeper in rural and southwest central Missouri was almost killed he was hit by an elephant.
A local zookeeper working in southwest Missouri was killed he was accidentally accidentally hit by an elephant.
A zookeeper in southwest Missouri was killed when he was accidentally accidentally hit by riding an elephant.
A zookeeper in rural rural southwest Missouri was killed when he was accidentally hit by an elephant.
A zookeeper in rural rural southwest central Missouri was killed he was accidentally hit by an elephant.
Benjamin Netanyahu threatened Israel to respond immediately to the rockets fired in from South Lebanon targeting.
Benjamin, Franklin and Netanyahu threatened to respond to rockets fired from the South Lebanon targeting.
Benjamin Netanyahu has reportedly also threatened to not respond to rockets fired from South Lebanon targeting.
Benjamin Netanyahu threatened Israel to not respond immediately to the rockets fired from South Lebanon targeting.
Benjamin Netanyahu threatened to not respond to Israeli rockets fired from South Asia - Lebanon targeting.
The RCMP website will release its data on missing and possibly possibly being murdered Indigenous women.
The RCMP will release its data based solely on the many missing and murdered Indigenous women.
The official Canadian RCMP website will also release its data on missing and murdered Indigenous women.
The RCMP will now also publicly release its data on missing and recently murdered Indigenous women.
The RCMP official website will release its own data on missing and murdered Canadian Indigenous women.
One person has also been wounded in an apparent and fatal drive - by - shooting incident in Pico Rivera.
One other person has been wounded, in an apparent drive - by - shooting shooting in El Pico Rivera.
One person has reportedly also been wounded, in an apparent drive - - by shooting, in Pico Rivera.
One person has been seriously wounded in " an apparent drive - - by shooting shooting " in Pico Rivera.
One person has been wounded, in just an apparent apparent drive - - by shooting in El Pico Rivera.
A Tomah maniac is sentenced twice more to federal prison.
A Tomah man is sentenced to twice to a federal prison.
A Tomah maniac is sentenced twice more to federal prison.
A Tomah maniac who is sentenced to a federal prison.
A young, Tomah man is sentenced twice to federal prison.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr. and Manny Manny Manny Pacquiao will fight.
Floyd, Mayweather Jr., Floyd and Manny Pacquiao will fight.
Floyd Mayweather Jr., UFC and Mexican Manny Pacquiao will fight.
Floyd Mayweather Jr. and fellow Mexican Manny Pacquiao, will fight.
Floyd Mayweather Jr., UFC and Mexican Manny Pacquiao will fight.
Hideki and Matsuyama apologized to teammate Ian Poulter for damaging to a green.
Hideki Matsuyama apologized to Ianna Poulter, for not damaging a green.
Hideki Matsuyama apologized to Ianna Poulter, for not damaging a green.
Hideki Matsuyama apologized again to Ian Poulter for damaging on such a green.
Hideki Matsuyama apologized both to Ianna and Poulter for damaging a green.
Russia has also signed on a treaty to fully incorporate the Crimea into its territory.
Russia has signed on a treaty agreeing to incorporate Crimea back into all its territory.
Russia has also recently signed a new treaty to formally incorporate Crimea into its territory.
Russia also has signed on a treaty to incorporate the Crimea into all its territory.
Russia has signed on a treaty, agreeing to incorporate the Crimea into its territory.
Former Cleveland Browns Vice President, Mike Holmgren ripped the new betting regime for trading running back Trent Richardson.
Former Browns President Mikel Jay Holmgren ripped the entire new betting regime for trading and running Trent Richardson.
Former Browns President Mike Holmgren ripped the new regimen responsible for the trading and running of Trent Richardson.
Former Cleveland Browns President Mike Holmgren ripped - up the entire new betting regime for trading running Trent Richardson.
Former Browns President, Mike Holmgren ripped the new draft lottery betting regime for trading running back Trent Richardson.
Artists the rock band Beastie Boys have threatened unsuccessfully to sue a major major US toymaker for copyright infringement.
Artists outside of the Beastie Boys have also threatened unsuccessfully to sue a US toymaker for alleged copyright infringement.
Artists the band Beastie Boys, have threatened unsuccessfully to sue a US based toymaker for alleged copyright infringement.
Artists the band Beastie Boys have also also publicly threatened to sue a major US toymaker for copyright infringement.
Artists the Beastie Boys have threatened to sue both a US toymaker and toy company for alleged copyright infringement.
Serbia, has done almost everything to fulfill all its obligations.
Serbia has done almost everything else possible to fulfill its obligations.
Serbia has almost always done almost everything to fulfill its obligations.
Serbia has done almost everything to fulfill all of its obligations.
Serbia has done almost almost everything to fulfill all its obligations.
TSR, Inc. will resume operating under its stock repurchase program.
TSR Inc., will also resume its annual stock repurchase program.
TSR Inc., will resume actively operating its stock repurchase program.
TSR Inc. will resume with its stock market share repurchase program.
TSR Inc. will resume actively operating under its stock repurchase program.
WikiLeaks had previously never formally endorsed Narendra and Modi as incorruptible.
WikiLeaks had never endorsed Narendranath and Modig as incorruptible.
WikiLeaks itself had however never formally endorsed Narendra Modi as incorruptible.
WikiLeaks had never formally endorsed President Narendranath Modi as incorruptible.
WikiLeaks had previously never endorsed President Narendra Modigal as incorruptible.
The left lane designation is blocked on southbound Route 202 just south of Everitt Road, in northern East Raritan Township.
The left - turn lane is blocked on the southbound Pennsylvania State Route 202 south of Everitt Road in Raritan Township.
The left lane designation is blocked on southbound Route 202 south of the John Everitt Road intersection in northern Raritan Township.
The northbound left turn lane is blocked on the southbound Pennsylvania Route 202 south of Everitts Road in Raritan Township.
The left lane road designation is blocked on southbound Pennsylvania Route 202 south west of Everitt Road in East Raritan Township.
Richard, Blumenthal himself, was almost hit by a train as he himself is making.
Richard Blumenthal was almost immediately hit dead by a train just as one he is making.
Richard von Blumenthal was almost never actually hit again by a train as he is making.
Richard von von Blumenthal was almost never hit by a train, as he is making.
Richard Blumenthal was also almost hit by a passing passing train just as he is making.
Mikel Leshoure himself would welcome such a trade.
Mikel and the Leshoure would welcome a trade.
Mikel, and Leshoure would welcome a trade.
Mikel Leshoure certainly would not welcome a trade.
Mikel Leshoure would not even welcome a trade.
WWE star, Darren Young came out publicly publicly as gay.
WWE star Darren Young came coming - out dressed as gay.
WWE star, Darren Young came - out publicly as gay.
WWE SmackDown star Darren Young came out publicly publicly as gay.
WWE star Darren Patrick Young came out publicly publicly as gay.
Vitesse Arnhem beat neighbours, PSV 6 2 1 1 to stay atop the Eredivisie.
Vitesse - Arnhem beat PSV 9 9 9 6 2 to stay atop the Eredivisie.
Vitesse - Arnhem beat rivals PSV 6 - 2 to still stay atop the Eredivisie.
Vitesse - Arnhem beat PSV 6 - 3 - 2 to stay atop the Eredivisie.
Vitesse - Arnhem beat PSV 6 2 1 to still stay atop of the Eredivisie.
Obamacare president is a good person.
Obamacare is a very good person.
Obamacare president is a good person.
Obama is not a very good person.
Obamacare president is a good person.
Penn State Refrigeration Service Corp. has since then filed for bankruptcy.
Penn Refrigeration Service, Corp., has since filed for bankruptcy.
Penn Refrigeration, Supply and Service Corp. has filed for bankruptcy.
Penn Refrigeration and Service Corp., has filed filing for bankruptcy.
Penn Refrigeration Service Corp. has also filed filings for bankruptcy.
Some OS X Mavericks'users themselves are also now also experiencing issues with data on external hard drives.
Some Mac OS X Mavericks'users are also currently experiencing issues with data on external USB hard drives.
Some OS X and Linux Mavericks'users are experiencing issues with storing data on external USB hard drives.
Some OS / X / Mavericks users are experiencing similar issues with data on all their external hard drives.
Some OS / 2 X Mavericks users are experiencing issues when dealing with data on their external hard drives.
Sony Computer Corp. has sold more than 7 million PlayStation 4 consoles.
Sony Corp sold more than than 7 million Sony PlayStation and 4 consoles.
Sony Pictures Computer Corp sold more than 7 - million PlayStation 4 consoles.
Sony Corp sold - out more than than 7 million PlayStation 4 consoles.
Sony Corp. has sold more than than 7 million PlayStation 4 consoles.
DJ DJ Mustard has signed to the Yep Roc Nation.
DJ Mustard has been also previously signed to Roc Nation.
DJ DJ Mustard has been previously signed to Roc Nation.
DJ Mustard has signed to the Yep. Roc Nation.
DJ Mustard also has signed to Yep. Roc Nation.
Virginia led, held - off a Florida State University rally rally, to eventually win its season opener, 62 50.
Virginia Tech led, held off by a strong, Florida State rally, to easily win its opener, 62 50.
Virginia Tech led, held - off a strong Florida State rally, to eventually win its opener, scoring 62 50.
Virginia led, held off a Florida State rally, rallied and eventually rallied to win its season opener, 62 50.
Virginia led, and then held on off a strong Florida State University rally, to win its opener, 62 50.
Sone - Aluko expects them to sign a brand new deal.
Sone Aluko also expects to also sign a brand new deal.
Sone - Aluko also now expects to sign a new deal.
Sonequa - Aluko also expects to sign a new deal.
Sone Aluko expects to also officially sign a brand new deal.
West Indian Test captain Darren Sammy has been warned his team can prove to be quite a destructive force aimed at winning in the World Twenty20.
West - Indian captain Darren Sammy Sammy has also warned his team they can prove to be a destructive force at winning the ICC World Twenty20.
West Indian captain Darren Sammy also, has warned that his team can prove to not be a destructive attacking attacking force at the World Twenty20.
West Indian cricket captain Darren Sammy Sammy has warned his national cricket team can not prove to be a destructive attacking force at the World Twenty20.
West Indian captain Darren Sammy has also warned his team they can not prove themselves not to be a destructive force at the ICC World Twenty20.
Police officers arrested 653 people driving for underage and drinking driving at a party.
Police officers have also arrested 65 people they arrested for underage drinking at a party.
Police officers arrested over 65 people for allegedly underage drinking while drunk at a party.
Police officers arrested over a 65 people for allegedly underage drinking at such a party.
Police officers also arrested 65 people for underage drinking and drunken drinking at a party.
CM Punk then walked out completely on WWE.
CM Punk walked - out early on WWE.
CM Punk also walked out early on WWE.
CM Punk - Punk walked out on WWE.
CM - Punk then walked out on WWE.
A Reynoldsburg business - owner pleaded guilty not to in filing an employment tax fraud.
A Reynoldsburg area small business owner pleaded guilty in filing an alleged employment tax fraud.
A Reynoldsburg - area business owner pleaded guilty in an employment contract to tax fraud.
A Reynoldsburg business owner also later pleaded guilty in filing an employment contract tax fraud.
A former Reynoldsburg business owner also pleaded not guilty in filing an employment tax fraud.
Maddie Bowman, has also paid tributes to the Sarah Burke.
Maddie Bowman, who has paid tribute to the late Sarah Burke.
Maddie Bowman has also paid a tribute to her the Sarah Burke.
Maddie Bowman has also paid tribute to, the late Sarah Burke.
Maddie Bowman has also paid tribute to the very late Sarah Burke.
A Greensboro criminal justice case report will also be featured on a local TV show.
A Greensboro criminal case will likely also also be prominently featured on a TV show.
A Greensboro criminal court case scene will be featured prominently on a local TV show.
A possible Greensboro criminal case scene will be prominently featured on such a TV show.
A pending Greensboro County Commission criminal case will also be featured on a TV show.
Alexis Pinturault then soared up to finally win a World Cup slalom race in Wegen, Switzerland.
Alexis de Pinturault soared up to finally win in a World Cup slalom in Wegen, Switzerland.
Alexis de Pinturault soared to win a second World Cup giant slalom in Bad Wegen, Switzerland.
Alexis Pinturault soared up to win a record second World Cup slalom race in Wegen, Switzerland.
Alexis Jeans de Pinturault soared to win in a World Cup slalom in Wegen, Switzerland.
Cell Phone Client offer unlimited calls.
Cell Phone Client offer unlimited calls.
Cell Phone Client offer unlimited calls.
Cell C offer support for unlimited calls.
Cell Phone C offer for unlimited calls.
Fortum said it has completed " the divestment of almost all its remaining Finnish electricity distribution business.
Fortum said that it has completed successfully the divestment process of its entire Finnish electricity distribution business.
Fortum said it has completed successfully the divestment process ahead " of its Finnish electricity distribution business.
Fortum said it has not completed completing the divestment process of all its Finnish electricity distribution business.
Fortumus Energy said it has not completed the divestment of its entire Finnish electricity distribution business.
Francis had heard confessions while in Rio.
Francis heard all the confessions in Rio.
Francis heard confessions while living in Rio.
Francis had heard confessions while in Rio.
Francis had heard the confessions in Rio.
Manuela Pellegrini backs Edin Dzeko to help finally make an impact.
Manuel Pellegrini backs Edin Dzekola to help finally make an impact.
Manuela Pellegrini then backs Edin Dzeko to finally make an impact.
Manuela Pellegrini backs Edin Dzeko to not make such an impact.
Manuel Pellegrini backs Edinho Dzekola to finally make an impact.
A 30 year old woman who is widely believed to be one third of the first two dead people found dead.
A 30 year - old Indian woman is also also also believed to be one of the two people found dead.
A 30 year old woman is also believed not to even be one of the two people that he found dead.
A local, 30 - year old, woman is believed to be one of only the two people found dead.
A 30 year - old American woman is believed to only be the one survivor of the two people found dead.
A initiative is underway on using the anvil to prevent further corporal punishment.
A initiative stone is on the wooden anvil to prevent further corporal punishment.
A initiative is on Facebook using the word anvil to prevent corporal punishment.
A initiative is on the anvil roof, to prevent further corporal punishment.
A recent initiative is on using the anvil to help prevent corporal punishment.
INS Vikramaditya was later on inducted back into the Indian Navy.
INS Vikramaditya was later inducted back into in the Indian Navy.
INS Commander Vijay Vikramaditya was inducted into of the Indian Navy.
INS Vikramaditya was posthumously inducted posthumously into the Royal Indian Navy.
INS Commander Vikramaditya was later inducted back into the Indian Navy.
Rapper Cent has pleaded to a plea not guilty to domestic violence.
Rapper Cent has also pleaded not guilty, to the domestic violence.
Rapper 50 - Cent has pleaded a not guilty to domestic violence.
Rapper Centurion has pleaded not - guilty to the domestic violence.
Rapper 50 Cent has pleaded a not guilty to domestic domestic violence.
Sri - Lanka and South China have agreed to upgrade their relations to reach the level 5 of strategic association.
Sri Lanka - Lanka and mainland China agreed not to upgrade their relations up to the level of strategic association.
Sri - Lanka and China have agreed to upgrade of all their relations to the highest level of strategic association.
Sri Lanka, and India and China agreed to further and upgrade their relations to the level of strategic association.
Sri - Sri Lanka and China have agreed to upgrade their respective bilateral relations to the level of strategic association.
A attorney general has also filed a lawsuit for a man who falsely claims security security guards accidentally broke his arm.
A criminal defense attorney has filed a lawsuit for a young man who falsely claims security guards broke off his arm.
A attorney general has filed a lawsuit for killing a man, who claims security security guards broke off his arm.
A attorney has filed for a lawsuit calling for a young man who claims that security guards broke off his arm.
A attorney has filed a civil lawsuit for a homeless man, who claims security guards accidentally broke off his arm.
A judge heard oral legal arguments in settling the Bradley election lawsuit.
A judge heard arguments in court settling the Bradley presidential election lawsuit.
A judge heard arguments being used in the Bill Bradley election lawsuit.
A judge heard the first oral arguments in the Bradley election lawsuit.
A federal judge heard oral arguments in the Bill Bradley election lawsuit.
A juvenile has since also been charged with burglary activity in Sylvester.
A juvenile probation officer has been charged with a burglary in Sylvester.
A juvenile officer has been charged with a minor burglary in Sylvester.
A juvenile has since then been also charged with burglary in Sylvester.
A juvenile officer has been charged with a minor burglary in Sylvester.
President Barack Obama was elected President for his very first term.
President Obama was elected president for the only his first term.
President Barack Obama was elected for his very first first term.
President Obama was then elected President for his very first term.
President Barack Obama was elected for only his second first term.
Belgian business market and confidence rose up quickly to a more than two year high.
Belgian business market confidence has rose to a more than than two - year high.
Belgian business confidence rose up to a more than two - hundred - year high.
Belgian business confidence quickly rose to become a more than a respectable two year high.
Belgian international business confidence rose up to just a little more than two year high.
Cyclists are more than likely likely not to die on Geelong roads.
Cyclists also are much more likely not to die on Geelong roads.
Cyclists are much more likely to die out on the Geelong roads.
Cyclists are more likely not to die out early on Geelong roads.
Cyclists are more than likely to die on all the Geelong roads.
More than a 70 % % of former Talk Talk workers have received training.
More than 70 % of the former Talk - Talk workers have received training.
More recently than than 70 % of former Talk Talks workers received training.
More than 705 % of former Talk Talk workers worldwide have received training.
More recently than 70 % percent of former Talk Talk workers have received training.
India could potentially also be more aggressive in not granting environmental clearances.
India could not be more aggressive now in not granting environmental clearances.
India also could be more politically aggressive in granting more environmental clearances.
India also could be more aggressive, especially in granting environmental clearances.
India could be even more politically aggressive in granting more environmental clearances.
Russian billionaire and shareholder member of Suleyman Kerimov Group may also face criminal charges in Belarus.
Russian billionaire and shareholder Suleyman Kerimov may also face serious, criminal corruption charges in Belarus.
Russian billionaire and shareholder Suleymanovich Kerimov, may also face criminal charges while in Belarus.
Russian billionaire billionaire and shareholder Suleyman Kerimov may also face criminal corruption related charges in Belarus.
Russian billionaire and former major shareholder of Suleyman Kerimov may face additional criminal charges in Belarus.
A drunk cab driver who ended up his life by setting.
A cab - driver who ended his own life by setting.
A cab driver ended up his very own life by setting.
A drunk cab driver ended up his entire life by setting.
A cab driver who ended up his life, by setting.
Moby and actor David Lynch, will be also being featured at the IMS engage.
Moby Dick and David Lynch will be also being featured at both the IMS engage.
Moby and David Lynch will also be featured at the inaugural 2018 London IMS engage.
Moby Dick and David Lynch will be prominently featured prominently at both the IMS engage.
Moby and actor Davide Lynch will be featured at both the annual IMS engage.
A Birmingham black woman had experienced the same shock a snake began, sliding out of under the left side of her armchair.
A Birmingham woman, who had the shock a large snake began sliding out of to the side of and behind her armchair.
A young Birminghamish woman had the same shock a snake began sliding down out of to the side of behind her armchair.
A young Birmingham black woman had the shock that a snake suddenly began sliding down out of the other side of her armchair.
A young Birmingham black woman had the shock a snake began sliding out out of through the passenger side window of her armchair.
The first Posco project in Odisha is set up to be operationalised in the next next few weeks.
The Posco project in Odisha is set - up, to will be operational in the next few weeks.
The first Posco project in Western Odisha is set up, to be operational in just the few weeks.
The Posco project in Western Odisha is set up to will also be operational in the next few weeks.
The Posco Dam project in Odisha, is also set to finally be fully operational in the few weeks.
Felder is running again unsuccessfully for the Texas US House of Representatives.
Felder is running again unsuccessfully for in the US House of Representatives.
Felders currently is running for in the US House of Representatives.
Felder is running for the Texas US House House House of Representatives.
Felders is not currently running for the US House of Representatives.
Platinum Private Equity agreed to sell NESCO to eventually become an affiliate of Energy Equity Capital Management Partners LLC. Terms.
Platinum Equity agreed not to directly sell NESCO assets to an affiliate company of Energy Equity Capital Partners LLC. Terms.
Platinum Energy Equity agreed to sell NESCO to an existing affiliate of Solar Energy Energy Equity Capital Partners LLC. Terms.
Platinum Equity Partners agreed not to sell NESCO to an affiliate holding company, of Energy Capital Partners LLC. Terms.
Platinum Equity agreed to sell NESCO Capital to become an affiliate company of Energy Capital and Investment Partners LLC. Terms.
Coronation - Street star Kym Marsh has long since been granted a divorce.
Coronation Street lead - star Kym Marsh has since been granted a divorce.
Coronation A - Street star Kymie Marsh has been granted a divorce.
Coronation Street'lead star, Kym Marsh has been granted a divorce.
Coronation - Street soap star Kymie Marsh has been granted a divorce.
The monarch, now Crown Prince William George will be christened with water flowing from the River Jordan.
The monarch, Prince George, will be christened with water flowing from across the holy River Jordan.
The monarch, Prince William George will be christened with fresh water from the nearby Jordan River Jordan.
The new new monarch, Prince George, will be christened with water flowing from the River Jordan.
The monarch, Prince George William George will be christened, with fresh water from the River Jordan.
The city has recently boarded up a historic Downtown / Eastside office building after which the main sprinkler pipes burst.
The entire city has been partially boarded up on a historic Downtown Eastside building after which the sprinkler pipes burst.
The entire city center has boarded - - up a historic Downtown Eastside office building after the sprinkler pipes burst.
The city has boarded - up a historic Downtown / Eastside District Council office building after the sprinkler pipes burst.
The city has recently boarded up a nearby historic Downtown Eastside building, after which the main sprinkler pipes burst.
Two more people also are seriously hurt after surviving a motorcycle crash.
Two more people are seriously hurt after barely surviving a motorcycle crash.
Two people are also seriously seriously hurt, after a motorcycle crash.
Two people are seriously hurt, one after a fatal motorcycle crash.
Two people were killed are seriously seriously hurt after a motorcycle crash.
A midshipman was killed in such as a fatal car accident.
A midshipman captain was killed accidentally in a fatal car accident.
A former midshipman captain was killed in a fatal car accident.
A midshipman and captain was killed in such a car accident.
A Navy Reserve midshipman was killed in a separate car accident.
A Texas leader of " the Latin Kings streetcar gang was sentenced in Hammond, Indiana, and sentenced to serve 2620 months in prison for leading a racketeering conspiracy.
A Texas leader member, of the Latin Kings street gang was sentenced in Hammond, Indiana, and to serve 262 months in state prison, for a federal racketeering conspiracy.
A Texas leader of the Latin American Kings street gang, he was sentenced, in Hammond, Indiana, to only serve 262 months, in prison, for racketeering conspiracy.
A Texas leader, of the Latin Kings street gang, was later sentenced in West Hammond, Indiana, to serve 2620 - consecutive months in prison for racketeering conspiracy.
A Texas leader of the Latin American Kings street gang was sentenced in West Point Hammond, Indiana, to serve 26207 consecutive months spent in prison for racketeering conspiracy.
The 3rd deal of which Sony's 12 Deals of a Christmas album is is, revealed Sony.
The 3rd deal of Sony's TV series The 12 Deals of Christmas is, as revealed Sony.
The December 3rd deal, of Sony's 12 Deals of Christmas, is, as revealed Sony.
The 3rd deal of Sony's 12 Best Deals of the Christmas Year is, as revealed Sony.
The 3rd deal, of which Sony's 12 Best Deals of Christmas is, was revealed Sony.
Uranium is now making a fourth - - quarter comeback.
Uranium is making quite a successful late fourth quarter comeback.
Uranium City is making a successful fourth - quarter comeback.
Uranium is not making yet even a fourth quarter comeback.
Uranium is making yet a successful fourth - quarter comeback.
The Museums of Los Gatos presents : Unmaskings of the Stage.
The National Museums Museum of Los Gatos presents : Unmasking the Stage.
The Museums of Rancho Los Gatos presents Unmasking Jesus on the Stage.
The Museums of Rancho Los Gatos presents Unmasking on to the Stage.
The Museums of the Rancho Los Gatos Festival presents Unmasking the Stage.
Snow was still piled up at corners.
Snow was piled high up at corners.
Snow piled high up and at corners.
Snow piled high up and at corners.
Snow piled itself up high at corners.
India will tour South West Africa, it was also was confirmed.
India will tour South Africa, it was was also was confirmed.
India will also tour in the South Africa, it was confirmed.
India will also tour South Africa, just as it was confirmed.
India will tour South West Africa, it also recently was confirmed.
Kris Letang will miss school altogether for at least six weeks after having recently suffered a stroke, it was announced.
Kris Letango will miss at least six more weeks, after having a stroke, as it also was announced.
Kris Letang will not only miss at least another six weeks after not having a stroke, it also was announced.
Kris Letang will miss at least six more weeks after having suffered a fatal stroke, it never officially was announced.
Kristin Letang will miss at at least at - least six weeks after having a stroke, it was announced.
Pistorius is expected to answer questions about the upcoming shooting of Reeva Steenkamp.
Pistorius is not expected to answer any further questions about shooting Reeva Steenkamp.
Pistorius is also expected not to answer all questions about shooting Reeva Steenkamp.
Pistorius is expected to correctly answer questions asked him about shooting Reeva Steenkamp.
Pistorius is expected to correctly answer questions when asked about shooting Reeva Steenkamp.
The body of a Woodbridge police maniac was found in a heavily wooded area north of Manassas Park.
The dead body consisting of only a Woodbridge man was found buried in such a area of Manassas Park.
The body of only a young Woodbridge County man was also found, in a area of Manassas Park.
The body of only one a Woodbridge man was found in a wooded and wooded area of Manassas Park.
The body bag of a Woodbridge man was later found dead, in a area of nearby Manassas Park.
Iran has ordered the release of all the 19 captured Indian fishermen.
Iran also has ordered the immediate immediate release of 19 Indian fishermen.
Iran has ordered for Iran the release of the 19 Indian fishermen.
Iran has ordered for the release of the remaining 19 Indian fishermen.
Iran has ordered the release of of of the 19 Indian fishermen.
Scientists said that they captured perhaps even the brightest cosmic explosion.
Scientists have said they have captured the second brightest cosmic explosion.
Scientists said that they captured perhaps even the brightest cosmic explosion.
Scientists have also said that they captured the brightest cosmic explosion.
Scientists said that, they captured the second brightest cosmic explosion.
Guilford County Public Schools system will be permanently closed today.
Guilford and Union County Schools will also be closed today.
Guilford County Public Schools will not yet be closed today.
Guilford and County High Schools will also be closed today.
Guilford Union and County Public Schools will be closed today.
Quarterback, and Aaron Rodgers is.
Quarterback Aaron Aaron Aaron Rodgers is.
Quarterback, and Aaron Rodgers is.
Quarterback, Aaron Aaron Rodgers is.
Quarterback Aaron Aaron Aaron Rodgers is.
A Gibsonville man who gave birth and had was charged twice with attempted statutory rape.
A Gibsonville young man who gave and gave had and was charged with statutory rape.
A young, Gibsonville man who gave and had was charged twice with statutory rape.
A young Gibsonville black man gave and had was charged twice with a statutory rape.
A Gibsonville man gave birth and if he had, was charged with statutory rape.
The new organisation needs time to sharpen up its game.
The organisation also needs players skills to sharpen its game.
The organisation needs to sharpen back - up its game.
The new organisation needs more time to sharpen its game.
The organisation also needs to help it sharpen its game.
The Central Indian Railways may not be able to achieve the target as fixed for this particular particular financial year.
The Railways may however, not yet be able to achieve beyond the target fixed target for this financial year.
The Railways Board may not yet be able to achieve beyond the minimum target fixed for this particular financial year.
The Railways may not even now not be able yet to achieve the target fixed for this particular financial year.
The Railways Board may also not be able to achieve the target as currently fixed, for this financial year.
US Deputy Secretary of State John Kerry also personally personally wished India a happy Republic Day.
US Secretary Secretary of State John John Kerry also wished India as a happy Republic Day.
US Secretary of State John R Kerry wished India a happy Indian on Indian Republic Day.
US Secretary of State, John R Kerry wished for India a very happy Republic Day.
US Deputy Assistant Secretary of State John Edward Kerry wished India such a happy Republic Day.
Actor Terrence Howard has married his first girlfriend out of his marriage just one month.
Actor Terrence Howard Howard, has just married off his girlfriend of just one month.
Actor, comedian Terrence Howard has married his girlfriend instead of just for one month.
Actor Terrence Howard Howard has married with his first girlfriend, of just one month.
Actor, Terrence Howard has just been married to his girlfriend of just one month.
Justine and Bieber also spent $ 250 on snacks.
Justin Bieber spent about $ 1 US 250 on snacks.
Justin Bieber spent $ 2500 - million on snacks.
Justine Bieber spent $ US 250 million on snacks.
Justin Bieber spent only about $. 250 on snacks.
The Waterloo airport is using a federal grant to buy new snowfall - removal equipment.
The Waterloo airport is currently using a federal grant program to buy snow - removal equipment.
The Waterloo airport is using a grant program used to help buy new snow removal equipment.
The Waterloo airport is currently using a grant program to buy new airport snow removal equipment.
The Waterloo airport is currently funded using a US federal grant to buy snow removal equipment.
Des Moines police tell a local man he himself has been found dead.
Des de Moines police tell a man has only just been found dead.
Des Moines'police tell a man he knows has been found dead.
Des Moines police also tell a man has just recently been found dead.
Des Moines police can also tell a man has just been found dead.
Gabriela de Garcia y Marquez, the author, has died.
Gabriela de Garcia Marquez, the famous author, has died.
Gabriela Garcia Marquez, the famous author, also has died.
Gabriel Garcia López - Marquez, the author, who has died.
Gabriela de Garcia Marquez, the author, who has died.
Michael Michael Phelps is expected to come back out out of retirement.
Michael Phelps is not expected to come back out out of retirement.
Michael Phelps is expected not to come back home out of retirement.
Michael Phelps is not expected ever again to come out of retirement.
Michael Phelps'is not expected to ever come out of retirement.
United Way has celebrated all the achievements.
United - States Way celebrated the achievements.
United Way has celebrated all the achievements.
United States Way celebrated all the achievements.
United - States Way celebrated the achievements.
Archie Manning III was named one of the 13 members of both the 2008 College Football Championship Series Playoff selection committee.
Archie Manningham was named one of the final 13 members selected of the College Football Championship Playoff MVP selection committee.
Archie Archie Manning was named as one of only the 13 members of the College American Association Football Playoff selection committee.
Archie Manningham was named one out of the final 13 members of the 1942 College American Football Playoff selection committee.
Archie Manning Archie Manning was named one player out of of the 13 members of the College Football Playoff selection committee.
It has been painful, and disappointing, but it's over, and now it can't ever be changed.
It really has always been painful and disappointing,... but it's over, and it can't be changed.
It has always been painful, and disappointing, but it's all over, it just can't be changed.
It really really really has been painful and disappointing, but once it's over, it can't be changed.
It really has been painful and very disappointing, but it's over, and it just can't be changed.
The Seattle International Film Critics Festival in 2017 will honor Chiwetel Ejiofor and actress Laura Dern.
The 2017 Seattle International Film Critics Festival Awards will honor Chiwetel Ejiofor and actress Laura Dern.
The 7th Seattle International Film Festival 2017 will also honor directors Chiwetel Ejiofor and Laura Dern.
The 2018 Seattle International Film Critics Festival will also honor directors Chiwetel Ejiofor and Laura Dern.
The Seattle Pacific International Film Festival 2017 will honor Chiwetelli, Ejiofor and Laura Dern.
Monday morning is called the voter registration deadline.
Monday morning is the voter - registration deadline.
Monday is also the voter - registration deadline.
Monday morning it is the voter registration deadline.
Monday is also the official voter registration deadline.
A young young man was arrested for allegedly making terroristic threats.
A third man was also arrested for making false terroristic threats.
A man was arrested for allegedly making false and terroristic threats.
A man was arrested only twice for allegedly making terroristic threats.
A third man was arrested later for allegedly making terroristic threats.
CCLB Industries Inc. is closing its former former aerosol container factory, in Penetanguishene, Ont.
CCLB Industries Inc., is closing its aerosol container manufacturing factory located in Penetanguishene, Ont.
CCLB Industries Inc. is considering permanently closing its former aerosol container factory in Penetanguishene, Ont.
CCL Industries, Inc. is closing its aerosols and plastic container factory in Penetanguishene, Ont.
CCL Industries Inc., is currently closing its aerosol and container manufacturing factory in Penetanguishene, Ont.
The lawyers also demanded relocations of the local district courts.
The criminal defense lawyers demanded relocation of the federal district courts.
The lawyers also demanded relocations of the two district courts.
The defense lawyers demanded the relocation of all the district courts.
The lawyers demanded relocation of both the other two district courts.
Sea garbage disposal that often strangles oceans thwarting search efforts.
Searing garbage that strangles the oceans thwarting search efforts.
Sea garbage strangles oceans, thwarting their relentless search efforts.
Seafood garbage strangles the oceans thwarting their search efforts.
Sea garbage strangles the vast oceans, thwarting search efforts.
India is very lucky to have MSP Dhoni serving as a captain.
India cricket is lucky to have MS Dhoni serving as such a captain.
India is also very lucky to have MS Dhoni serving as a captain.
India cricket is lucky enough to have MS Dhoni as such a captain.
India is lucky enough to still have MSP Dhoni as a captain.
The Department of the State's Bureau of US Government Overseas Buildings Operations, also announces the construction award worthy of being the major rehabilitation project for building the US Embassy in Wellington, New Zealand.
The Department of State's, Bureau of Overseas Public Buildings and Government Operations, announces the construction award of the major building and rehabilitation project for the new US Embassy in Wellington, New Zealand.
The Department of State's " Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations also announces the construction award of " the then very first major building rehabilitation " project for the US Embassy in Wellington, New Zealand.
The Departments of State's new Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations announces at the construction award of 2010 the first major building rehabilitation project for the former US Embassy in central Wellington, New Zealand.
The Departments of State's Bureau of Overseas Buildings Designs and Operations, also announces the construction and award of the major rehabilitation project for building the US Embassy in Wellington, New Zealand.
Shruti Haasan, has crooned a popular dubstep number in the Race Gurram.
Shruti Haasan, who has crooned in a dubstep number in Race Gurram.
Shruti Haasan has crooned a dubstep musical number, used in Race Gurram.
Shruti Haasan, who has crooned a dubstep number in the Race Gurram.
Shruti Haasan, has also crooned a dubstep musical number in Race Gurram.
A California man has been sentenced in Maine, to serve 25½ years in prison, for allegedly operating an illegal drug ring.
A California man has been sentenced in Maine, to serve 25 years in prison for allegedly illegally operating an illegal illegal drug ring.
A young California man who has recently been sentenced in Maine to 25 years in a federal prison for operating an illegal drug ring.
A California man has also been recently sentenced in Maine to over 25 years in prison for allegedly operating an illegal illegal drug ring.
A California man who has been recently sentenced in Maine to 25½ full - years in prison for operating in an drug ring.
San - Jose State Polytechnic University student files a $ 5 million claim over hate crimes.
San Jose State University student union files for a $ 5 million claim over hate crimes.
San Jose State student union also files $ 5 million civil rights claim over hate crimes.
San Jose Polytechnic State student government union files $ 5 million civil claim over hate crimes.
San Jose Polytechnic State University student files $ 5 million claim over all the hate crimes.
Rickie Weeks is now headed back to downtown Milwaukee to go go get an MRI exam.
Rickie Lee Weeks is now headed back to Milwaukee, to go get an MRI exam.
Rickie Weeks is headed straight back to downtown from downtown Milwaukee to get an MRI exam.
Rickie Weeks, is headed back home to downtown Milwaukee to get an upcoming MRI exam.
Rickie Weeks is headed straight back from home to Milwaukee, to get an MRI exam.
Justine Bieber has lent his vocal support to singer Miley Cyrus.
Justine Bieber has lent out his financial support to Miley Cyrus.
Justine Bieber has lent his musical support to singer Miley Cyrus.
Justine Bieber also has lent his support to singer Miley Cyrus.
Justine Bieber has also lent out his support to Miley Cyrus.
Book offers two personalized freemium vampire books.
Book club offers include two personalized vampire books.
Book One offers two different personalized vampire books.
Book One offers two personalized free vampire books.
Book offers include two different personalized vampire books.
An associate of attorney Aarona Hernandez will also be arraigned on not being an accessory to murder charge.
An alleged close associate of Aaron Hernandez will also be later arraigned, on an accessory to murder charge.
An alleged business associate of Congressman Aaron Hernandez will also later be arraigned on an accessory to murder charge.
An associate of defense attorney Aaron Hernandez will also be arraigned on being an accessory witness to murder charge.
An associate of Aaron and Hernandez will also be seen later be arraigned on an accessory to murder charge.
The online and paydays loans faxed and no call are.
The online paydays loans and fax and no - call are.
The only services online, paydays loans fax no call are.
The only online paydays loans faxed and no call are.
The online paydays loans and faxes and no call are.
RadioShack Corp. is planning not only to close about another 500 stores.
RadioShack Corp., which is planning to eventually close about 500 stores.
RadioShack Communications Corp. is planning to close about half another 500 stores.
RadioShack Communications Corp. is also planning to eventually close about 500 stores.
RadioShack Corp. is planning to also and eventually close about 500 stores.
Foreign banks said that they would expect the Central African Bank will not leave rates unchanged.
Foreign exchange central banks said they expect the Central Reserve Bank will leave interest rates unchanged.
Foreign exchange banks have said they expect the Central World Bank report will leave rates unchanged.
Foreign banks have said that they fully expect the European Central Bank will leave rates unchanged.
Foreign banks said earlier that they expect the Turkish Central Bank will leave interest rates unchanged.
These 10 different careers will give the most potential earning potential.
These 10 different careers give the most high potential earning potential.
These 10 careers give to him even the most earning potential.
These top 10 careers give him the player most earning potential.
These 10 different careers give them the second most earning potential.
Globalized investors who are feeling confident.
Global angel - investors are feeling confident.
Global investors are simply not feeling confident.
Global investors who are not feeling confident.
Global angel investors are not feeling confident.
A Milwaukee man who was found not - - guilty by police pleading insanity for a brutal attack on a neighbor.
A Milwaukee man was later found not guilty, but guilty by insanity for a brutal sexual attack on a neighbor.
A young Milwaukee man was found not guilty, but by insanity for a brutal attack he made on a neighbor.
A Milwaukee man was found not guilty but by insanity, for committing a particularly brutal sexual attack on a neighbor.
A young Milwaukee man who was found not guilty by insanity, except for a brutal attack on by a neighbor.
Colours ruled the streets, and even as people celebrated Holi.
Colours ruled the streets as the local people still celebrated Holi.
Colours ruled the streets, even as the people celebrated Holi.
Colours still brightly ruled the streets as people still celebrated Holi.
Colours ruled the whole whole city streets as people celebrated Holi.
A woman was found gangraped alive in Kolkata.
A young woman who was gangraped in Kolkata.
A woman, who was gangraped in Kolkata.
A woman was found gangraped alive in Kolkata.
A young woman was found gangraped in Kolkata.
The International Rescue Veterans Committee will also host its annual World Freedoms Award Dinner.
The International Nuclear Rescue Executive Committee will also host its annual Freedom Fighter Award Dinner.
The International Rescue Committee itself will also host its own annual World Freedom Award Dinner.
The UN International Rescue Committee International Headquarters will host its own annual Freedom Award Dinner.
The Canadian International Nuclear Rescue Committee, will also host its annual Freedom Award Dinner.
Pretty Little Liars winter premiere? " It still airs tonight.
Pretty Little Liars'winter premiere? It still airs tonight.
Pretty Pretty Pretty Pretty Little Liars winter premiere? airs tonight.
Pretty Little Liars winter - season season premiere? airs tonight.
Pretty Little Little Miss Liars The winter premiere? airs tonight.
Thailand sellers had lowered down on their quotes for rice.
Thailand rice sellers may have lowered their quotes for rice.
Thailand, sellers lowered down on their quotes for rice.
Thailand rice sellers have lowered their tax quotes for rice.
Thailand sellers have also lowered down their quotes for rice.
Miss America Nina Marie - Davuluri met President Barack - Obama she visited the White House.
Miss America Nina Davuluri met Barack - Obama when she visited at both the White House.
Miss North America Nina Davuluri met Barack - Obama when first she visited the White House.
Miss America Nina Davuluri met Barack - Obama she visited at both the Obama White House.
Miss America Nina Davuluri first ever met Barack Obama she first ever visited the White House.
Rupee was opened at around Rs 61. 63.
Rupee opened at around around Rs 61. 63.
Rupee was opened at around Rs 61. 63.
Rupee was also opened at Rs 61. 63.
Rupee opened at cost around Rs 61. 63.
Ian Somerhalder and Nina Maria Dobrevskaya went out to help celebrate a friend's birthday.
Ian Somerhalder and Nina Dobrevskaya also went to celebrate on a mutual friend's birthday.
Ianna Somerhalder and Nina Dobrev went out to celebrate Christmas with a friend's birthday.
Ianna Somerhalder and actress Nina Maria von Dobrev went to celebrate a friend's birthday.
Ian Somerhalder, and actress Nina Dobrev, went to celebrate with a friend's birthday.
Airtel India is now also offering Facebook for free in 9 regional languages.
Airtel is now offering the Facebook page for free in 9 regional languages.
Airtel is offering the Facebook for download free, in 9 regional languages.
Airtel is offering its Facebook services available for free in 9 regional languages.
Airtel is offering Facebook content for download free, in 9 regional languages.
CHINA has also been recently donated to the defence forces.
CHINA has also donated to the South Australian defence forces.
CHINA Foundation has donated to support the Australian defence forces.
CHINA has donated money to support the Indian defence forces.
CHINA has also donated money to support the defence forces.
Edinburgh Rugby Union captain, Greigs Laidlaw will leave the club to go join Gloucester.
Edinburgh Rugby captain, Greig Laidlawe will leave from the club, to join Gloucester.
Edinburgh Rugby Union captain Greig Laidlaw will also later leave the club, to join Gloucester.
Edinburgh Rugby captain, Greig Laidlawe will also leave from the club to join Gloucester.
Edinburgh Rugby Rugby Rugby captain Greig Laidlaw, will leave the Edinburgh club to join Gloucester.
Saturday's baseball league championship game has been postponed.
Saturday's Sunday night baseball game has been postponed.
Saturday's baseball game that weekend has been postponed.
Saturday's baseball game weekend has also been postponed.
Saturday's baseball game weekend has also been postponed.
North Korea has also proposed that all the Koreas halt all hostile actions.
North Korea also has proposed the Koreas to halt all their hostile actions.
North Korea has proposed repeatedly that the Koreas halt almost all hostile actions.
North Korea itself has also proposed the Koreas halting all hostile actions.
North Korea has proposed the Koreas are halting almost all hostile actions.
Latif and Sam Rivers then scored to lead Wagner past the LIU Brooklyn 75 68.
Latif Rivers scored to lead Davide Wagner back past the LIU Brooklyn 75 68.
Latif and Rivers, then scored to lead Wagner past the LIU Brooklyn 75 68.
Latif and Rivers then scored to lead Wagner back up past LIU Brooklyn 75 68.
Latif Rivers then scored to help lead Wagner past LIU, as Brooklyn 75 68.
Jese could simply not define an era.
Jesebel could define such an era.
Jese could not define such an era.
Jese could define such as an era.
Jese could define such as an era.
British house prices have jumped the joint second highest annual growth rate in over six years.
British house prices would have probably jumped the highest ever rate in Britain over six years.
British house prices have now also jumped the highest rate in Britain in over six years.
British house prices of today have just jumped the highest rate in over twenty six years.
British house prices have also recently just jumped the highest rate ever in over six years.
The Indian Congress has never eradicated the poverty, but also the poor.
The Congress has never eradicated poverty, and not anywhere but the poor.
The Congress Party has never eradicated poverty, not anywhere but the poor.
The Congress has not also never completely eradicated poverty, but the poor.
The Congress Party has never eradicated the poverty, but also the poor.
Author Elmore Lee Leonard has died in there at 87.
Author Elmore Lee Wood - Leonard has died at 87.
Author Elmore Leonard - Cohen has recently died at 87.
Author Elmore Lee Leonard has recently died there at 87.
Author Elmore and Leonard Cohen has died there at 87.
Subway also says an ingredient, dubbed " the yoga mat chemical, will be phased out completely by next week.
Subway says an ingredient, dubbed the yoga mat chemical, will be completely phased - in out by next week.
Subway also says an ingredient dubbed as the yoga - yoga mat chemical will be phased out by the next week.
Subway says an ingredient he dubbed the " yoga mat chemical will likely be phased - out completely by next week.
Subway says that an ingredient dubbed the " yoga mats chemical will be being phased out completely by next week.
Infamous, IRA head sniper Bernard Patrick McGinn was found dead.
Infamous, IRA - sniper Major Bernard McGinn was found dead.
Infamous, IRA sniper Major Bernard Patrick McGinn was found dead.
Infamous, IRA sniper Bernard Patrick McGinnis was found dead.
Infamous, IRA sniper Bernard McGinn was also later found dead.
Hundreds paid out for their last respects here to Akkineni Nageswara Rao.
Hundreds also have paid their last respects to President Akkineni Nageswara Rao.
Hundreds have paid their last respects here to Akkineni and Nageswara Rao.
Hundreds paid their last last respects to President, Akkineni Nageswara Rao.
Hundreds paid their last last respects here to Akkineni and Nageswara Rao.
Nick Knowles will not yet even be present at either the birth.
Nick Knowles will not be present at or after either the birth.
Nick Knowles will not be physically physically present at either the birth.
Nick Knowles who will not be present, at either the birth.
Nick Knowles will not even be physically present either at the birth.
The White House also has passed on the plastic gun ban.
The White House has passed down the plastic - gun ban.
The White House has passed the new mandatory plastic gun ban.
The House also has also passed the new plastic gun ban.
The House has recently also passed on the plastic gun ban.
The US US military said it was intercepted accidentally during conducting a missile defence test.
The US military said that it was intercepted during a US nuclear missile defence test.
The US military has said that it intercepted during a previously failed missile defence test.
The US military later said it was being intercepted during a US missile defence test.
The US US military later said it intercepted it during a US missile defence test.
A ROYAL Navy warship will also be temporarily dock in Inverness.
A ROYAL US Navy coastal patrol warship will dock in Inverness.
A new ROYAL US Navy warship will also dock in Inverness.
A ROYAL US Navy warship ship will docked in Inverness.
A new US ROYAL US Navy warship will dock in Inverness.
His staff member was also not informed.
His staff member however was not informed.
His staff member however was not informed.
His staff member was also not informed.
His personal staff member was not informed.
The rupee rose and the bonds were rallied after inflation data.
The Indian rupee and bonds rallied very well after inflation data.
The rupee and bonds rallied well even more after inflation data.
The Indian rupee and bonds derivatives market rallied after inflation data.
The rupee bills fell and bonds rallied after the inflation data.
Novato police arrested one a Chicori woman on the suspicion of of violating a restraining order order and of stalking her husband.
Novato police arrested a Chicori woman, on top the suspicion, of of violating a restraining order and stalking her husband.
Novato County police arrested a Chico woman, allegedly on the suspicion of violating a restraining order order and stalking with her husband.
Novato County, police arrested a Chico County woman on suspicion of violating a restraining order enforcement order and of stalking her husband.
Novato police later arrested a young Chico woman on under the suspicion of violating a juvenile restraining order and sexually stalking her husband.
Microsoft has not yet completed on its acquisition of Nokia.
Microsoft Corporation has recently completed of its acquisition of Nokia.
Microsoft has completed its pending acquisition of deal of Nokia.
Microsoft has completed on its acquisition deal acquisition of Nokia.
Microsoft has since completed its pending acquisition deal of Nokia.
Bobbie Ann Nicholson is expected to step down as Hockey East Canada East president and CEO.
Bob Nicholson is expected again very soon to step down as Hockey Canada president, and CEO.
Bobbie Anne Nicholson is expected to step - down as the Hockey Canada president and CEO.
Bobbie Nicholson is expected soon after to step down as the Hockey Canada president and CEO.
Bobbie Nicholson is expected soon to step down as Hockey Canada president, president and CEO.
A semi - hauling of a modular mobile home hit a bridge.
A truck semi hauling a small modular mobile home hit a bridge.
A semi hauling a small modularized mobile home hit a bridge.
A double parked semi hauling a modular mobile home hit a bridge.
A semi truck hauling a modular modular home truck hit a bridge.
Figure skating Olympic champ Johnny Weir wears only half a new hat.
Figure skating champ, Johnny Weir, wears a brand new hat.
Figure skating champ, Johnny Weir wears only a brand new hat.
Figure skating champ Johnny Weirs also wears a brand new hat.
Figure - skating Olympic champ Johnny Weir wears a brand new hat.
Sen. Senator John McCain blasted Obama for criticizing his handling criticism of Russia.
Sen. Senator John McCain blasted Obama for criticizing his poor handling of Russia.
Sen. Senator John McCain blasted Obama administration for his poor handling of Russia.
Sen. Senator John McCain also blasted Obama for his poor handling of Russia.
Sen. Senator John McCain blasted Obama for his actions handling criticism of Russia.
Wolseley non - executive chief executive director Michael John Clarke is standing down.
Wolseley non non - executive managing director Michael Clarke is also standing down.
Wolseley non - executive managing director Michael John - Clarke is standing down.
Wolseley non - executive director Michael John Clarke is now also standing down.
Wolseley non - executive executive executive director Michael Clarke, is standing down.
Goessel, students, will perform a satire.
Goessel students, will also perform a satire.
Goessel students will perform themselves in a satire.
Goessel students, will also perform a satire.
Goessel students, who will perform a satire.
Its hit, The New Hollywood Blacklist, has not been renewed for season 2.
Its biggest hit, The Hollywood Blacklist, which has been renewed for season 2.
Its hit, The Blacklist, has not as yet been renewed for season 2.
Its hit, The Hollywood Blacklist, has not been renewed yet for season 2.
Its hit, titled The Big Blacklist, has been renewed for the season 2.
Michael Joseph Dell today issued an open letter letter to the remaining shareholders of Joseph Dell Inc.
Michael Dell today issued an open letter addressed to the shareholders meeting committee members of Dell Inc.
Michael Dell has today issued an open letter to the shareholders meeting of the Michael Dell Inc.
Michael Dell CEO has today issued an open letter to all the shareholders members of Dell Inc.
Michael Joseph Dell has today issued an open letter to the shareholders of Joseph Joseph Dell Inc.
A fatalist motorcycle accident was reported.
A fatal motorcycle traffic accident was reported.
A motorcycle traffic jam accident was reported.
A fatalist motorcycle accident was reported.
A motorcycle traffic accident also was reported.
The filmmaker doesn't care to ever actually actually watch any of his films.
The filmmaker doesn't care enough to watch any of them all his films.
The young filmmaker doesn't care to even watch any more of his films.
The filmmaker himself himself doesn't care enough to watch any of his films.
The young filmmaker doesn't care to watch any of all of his films.
Chelsea assistant manager Jose Mourinho, has made light of all the managerial instability suffered under manager Roman Abramovich.
Chelsea manager Jose Manuel José Mourinho has made light of all the managerial instability seen under manager Roman Abramovich.
Chelsea manager Jose Manuel Mourinho has also made light of the most recent managerial instability under manager Roman Abramovich.
Chelsea assistant manager Jose Mourinho, who has made light of the managerial instability seen under manager Roman Abramovich.
Chelsea assistant - manager Jose Mourinho has made light of almost - all the managerial instability under Roman Abramovich.
Barack Obama nominated Senator, Janet Yellen to lead the US Federal Reserve.
Barack Obama nominated Senator Janette Yellenberg to lead the Federal Reserve.
Barack Obama also officially nominated Janette Yellen to lead the Federal Reserve.
Barack Obama nominated Senator Janet Yellen to help lead the US Federal Reserve.
Barack Obama also nominated Janet Yellen to lead up the US Federal Reserve.
Lavazza has launched a portable espresso / coffee coffee machine that plugs into half a car's socket.
Lavazza has launched with a portable electric espresso machine that automatically plugs into inside a car's socket.
Lavazza has also launched a new portable espresso machine that plugs itself into a new car's socket.
Lavazzaro has also launched a portable espresso machine that automatically plugs into a motor car's socket.
Lavazza has launched a new portable espresso coffee coffee machine that plugs into half a car's socket.
A pedestrian who has also died following such a collision with a car.
A pedestrian has died, following a collision attempt with such a car.
A pedestrian has died following a collision with another in such a car.
A pedestrian has also died following a collision with another such a car.
A pedestrian has also died following such a collisions with a car.
Kelly Clarkson and Clarkson got married.
Kelly and Clarkson later got married.
Kelly Clarkson and Clarkson got married.
Kelly and Clarkson later got married.
Kelly and Kelly Clarkson got married.
Gold was just a little changed.
Goldie was a little changed.
Goldie was a little changed.
Gold was just a little changed.
Goldie herself was little changed.
Chinese bankruptcy courts will create new credit blacklists.
Chinese courts, also will create credit blacklists.
Chinese courts will also help create credit blacklists.
Chinese bankruptcy court courts will create credit blacklists.
Chinese courts will also help create credit blacklists.
Iran Iran has recently also launched its first nuclear submarine for tourists.
Iran Iran Navy has launched its very first nuclear submarine for tourists.
Iran Iran has launched on board Iran its first submarine for tourists.
Iran Iran has launched its very own own first submarine for tourists.
Iran Iran has launched its very very first nuclear submarine for tourists.
How I Met Your Real Mother, is, for example a episode, that featured its actors in yellowface.
How Have I Ever Met Your Mother is for a episode that has featured all its actors appearing in yellowface.
How I Met You Your Real Mother, is for a episode that has featured its voice actors in yellowface.
How Have I Met Your Very Real Mother is for a single episode that featured all its actors in yellowface.
How I Met Your Real Mother, is for a episode, that has featured its voice actors in yellowface.
A brand new smartphone appliance system may also allow people to donate their voice.
A new smartphone donation app may allow young people online to donate to their voice.
A new smartphone app may also allow people online to more freely donate their voice.
A new mobile smartphone appliance may also allow young people to donate their voice.
A brand new smartphone voice app may also allow young people to donate their voice.
The Wild suffered only just its first loss.
The Wild Card suffered only its first loss.
The NL Wild Card suffered its first loss.
The Wild suffered only its very first loss.
The Wild Card suffered its very first loss.
Pakistan sought carrying out the early resumption of the dialogues process along with India.
Pakistan sought for the early resumption of continuing in the dialogues process with India.
Pakistan has also sought the early resumption of continuing the dialogue process along with India.
Pakistan sought for the early resumption of and continuing in the dialogue process with India.
Pakistan sought the early peaceful resumption of the peaceful dialogue development process along with India.
Justin Timberlake wants to don't also play The Riddler.
Justin Timberlake also wants to possibly also play The Riddler.
Justin Timberlake also wants to possibly also play The Riddler.
Justine Timberlake also wants him to play The Riddler.
Justin Timberlake also wants for him to play The Riddler.
Ray - Liotta is suing a major Japanese skincare company.
Ray - Liotta Foods is currently suing a skincare company.
Ray Liotta Group plc is also suing a skincare company.
Ray Liotta is currently suing for starting a skincare company.
Ray Liotta is also currently suing a local skincare company.
Former Brazilian international football - player Ronaldo Silva is hoping again to buy the Playboy franchise back in Brazil.
Former Brazilian football player João Paulo Ronaldo is hoping to also buy the Playboys franchise back in Brazil.
Former Brazilian football player Ronaldo is hoping to, someday also buy out the first Playboy franchise in Brazil.
Former Brazilian football player Ronaldo is hoping again to completely or buy out the Playboys franchise in Brazil.
Former Brazilian international football player Ronaldo Silva is reportedly hoping to also officially buy the Playboy franchise in Brazil.
China launched its very first probes to reach the moon.
China launched its first manned space probe to reach the moon.
China was also launched on its first probe to the moon.
China launched all its first space probes to the moon.
China launched its very very first space probe to the moon.
Heavy spring rain that had wreaked havoc in the parts of Texas the federal capital.
Heavy rain had wreaked havoc in all the other major parts of the federal capital.
Heavy heavy rain wreaked havoc in the parts of Texas, the former federal capital.
Heavy heavy heavy rain wreaked severe havoc in the parts south of the federal capital.
Heavy rain wreaked its own havoc in the parts south of to the federal capital.
Asian elephant stocks have ended broadly higher.
Asian stock stocks ended up broadly higher.
Asian stock stocks ended up broadly higher.
Asian stocks have ended up broadly higher.
Asian stocks have also ended broadly higher.
The tourism department will resume its aggressive drive fighting hard against encroachments on tourism land.
The department will also resume its more aggressive drive against encroachments on the tourism land.
The tourism department will also resume its drive against the encroachments on the tourism land.
The department will also resume its drive fighting against encroachments made on the tourism land.
The department also will resume its aggressive enforcement drive directed against encroachments on tourism land.
Maxi Pacioretty redirects it in a new Thomas Vanek pass.
Maxi Pacioretty then redirects in to a Thomas Vanek pass.
Max Pacioretty redirects in a brand new Thomas - Vanek pass.
Maxi Pacioretty redirects in to a late Thomas Vanek pass.
Maxi Pacioretty redirects in a new Thomas - Vanek pass.
The yellow jersey for the 2014 UCI Toure Nationale de France season, will feature the white rose of Yorkshire.
The second yellow cycling jersey for the 2014 Tour de France will now feature only the white rosette of Yorkshire.
The yellow jersey for winning the inaugural 2014 UCI Tour de France will feature on the white rosette of Yorkshire.
The yellow cycling jersey for riders winning in the 2014 Tour de France will feature the white Yorkshire rose of Yorkshire.
The yellow cycling jersey for the inaugural 2014 Tour de France season will also now feature the white rose of Yorkshire.
Nas is also answering fans'questions, both on Reddit Ask Me Anything segment, and on Twitter, at the very same time.
Nas is answering his fans questions both on Reddit Asks Me Anything segment and on Twitter, and answering both at the same time.
Nas is answering fans'questions on the Reddits Ask Me Anything! segment and on his Twitter, at the very same time.
Nasr is also answering his fans questions, on Reddit Ask Me Anything segment and on Twitter, at about the very same time.
Nasr is currently also answering fans'questions on the Reddit Ask Me Anything segment and on Twitter, at about the same time.
The Chicago Cubs are also being cautious with manager Mike Olt.
The Chicago Black Cubs are being cautious, with Mike Olt.
The Cubs are being very very very cautious with Mike Olt.
The Cubs fans are also being very cautious with Mike Olt.
The Cubs are also shown being very cautious with Mike Olt.
A young Boynton Bay South Beach man was sentenced for allegedly selling fake Facebook shares.
A Boynton Beach police police maniac was sentenced twice for selling fake Facebook shares.
A Boynton Beach man was sentenced twice for allegedly allegedly selling faked Facebook shares.
A Boynton Beach police station man was also sentenced for selling faked Facebook shares.
A Boynton Bay Beach man was sentenced twice for selling off two fake Facebook shares.
Nawaz Sharif never even once called her Manmohan Singh a village woman.
Nawaz Sharif never once called Manmohant Singh a beautiful village woman.
Nawaz Sharif never once called on her Manmohan Singh a village woman.
Nawaz Sharif has never even called Manmohan Singh, a village woman.
Nawaz Sharif never called Manmohan Singh, a beautiful young village woman.
A suicide suicide bomber attack reportedly killed nine police in northern Iraq.
A suicide bomber killed all nine police officers in rural northern Iraq.
A suicide bomber also killed nine Iraqi police in the northern Iraq.
A suicide suicide bomber killed nine Iraqi police officers in northern Iraq.
A suicide bomber killed nine police and officers in rural northern Iraq.
A man had slipped him to death.
A young man had slipped to death.
A young man had slipped to death.
A man slipped too close to death.
A man who had slipped to death.
A cryptic confession posted on the police official PostSecret blog, had police searching frantically for a possible victim.
A cryptic confession on to the PostSecret blog had police detectives searching for a possible third, possible victim.
A more cryptic confession on to the official PostSecretion blog had police searching online for a possible victim.
A cryptic written confession on the PostSecret blog, allegedly had police searching for " a third possible victim.
A cryptic confession on the official website PostSecret blog allegedly also had police searching for such a possible victim.
Kalamazoo Metro Transit buses which buses are running on main city roads in only morning.
Kalamazoo Metro Transit buses are also now running on the main city roads only morning.
Kalamazoo County Metro Rail Transit buses are running daily on main roads every only morning.
Kalamazoo Area Metro Transitway Authority buses are running daily on main roads only morning.
Kalamazoo Metro Transit Authority bus buses are running on main city roads in only morning.
A man is killed in hospital, after being accidentally struck by, a vehicle in Scarborough.
A young man who is in hospital, after being struck down by a vehicle in Scarborough.
A man is in hospital after being struck upside down by driving a motor vehicle in Scarborough.
A troubled, young man is in hospital after being struck by a police vehicle in Scarborough.
A man is found recovering in hospital, after being accidentally struck by a vehicle in Scarborough.
Selfridges has nearly double doubled the annual dividend paid to its owner.
Selfridges has nearly doubled the dividend it paid back to its owner.
Selfridges Limited has doubled the annual dividend paid out to its owner.
Selfridges Limited has doubled the dividend it paid to support its owner.
Selfridges has doubled on the dividend it paid out to its owner.
Farooque Shaikh died suddenly following a cardiac cardiac arrest in Dubai.
Farooque Shaikh died following him making a arrest warrant in Dubai.
Farooque Shaikh died very suddenly following a arrest arrest in Dubai.
Farooque Al Shaikh died following making such a arrest in Dubai.
Farooque Shaikhi died suddenly following a cardiac arrest in Dubai.
A school bus bus was involved in a crash on North Carolina Avenue Lake Forest Boulevard.
A school bus driver, was involved in a crash on Carolina - Lake Forest Boulevard.
A school bus driver, was involved in causing a crash on Carolina - Forest Boulevard.
A school bus passenger bus was also involved in a car crash on Carolina Forest Boulevard.
A school bus driver, he was involved in a crash on Carolina - Forest Boulevard.
The Xbox - One doesn't require support for the Xbox Kinect to be plugged in.
The original Xbox One version also doesn't require for the Kinect to be plugged in.
The Xbox Live One doesn't require for the Kinect system itself to be plugged in.
The Xbox One doesn't really even require the Kinect to ever be fully plugged in.
The Xbox One doesn't currently require the Xbox Kinect to also directly be plugged in.
25 schools have also recently been listed nationally as underperforming.
25 schools have also been federally - listed as underperforming.
25 high schools nationwide, have been listed as underperforming.
25 other schools have also been listed nationally as underperforming.
25 % other schools have also been listed as underperforming.
Ondansetron may inhibit the analgesic and side - effect of acetaminophen.
Ondansetron may inhibiting the analgesic side effector of acetaminophen.
Ondansetron may also inhibit the analgesic side - effect of acetaminophen.
Ondansetron may also inhibit the acutely analgesic effect of acetaminophen.
Ondansetronine may inhibiting the analgesic side effect of acetaminophen.
Lillehammer FC then snatched a 2 2 home draw at Evian in the French league.
Lille then snatched a 2 2 2 draw at FC Evians in the French league.
Lille snatched a 2 2 2 home draw away at FC Evian in the French league.
Lille snatched a 3 2 2 draw away away at Evian in the top French league.
Lille snatched it up just a 2 2 draw at Evian in winning the French league.
Kanye West - West is heartbroken the music video has leaked.
Kanye West is heartbroken the first official music video has leaked.
Kanye West is now so heartbroken the video clip has leaked.
Kanye West West is heartbroken that only the video has leaked.
Kanye West West West West is heartbroken the video has leaked.
Holcim has said it will increase stake in the company Ambuja Cements Company Ltd to 61. 39 %.
Holcim said it will also increase stake in the Ambuja Cements Trading Company Ltd to 61. 39 %.
Holcim has said it will increase on its stake in the Ambuja Cements Ltd to 61. 39 %.
Holcim said, that it will increase stakeholding in Ambuja Cements Ltd. to 61. 39 %.
Holcim Group Limited has said it will increase stake in Ambuja Cements Ltd. to 61. 39 %.
Progressive Energy Solid Waste Solutions Corporation has announced the garbage and routes.
Progressive Waste Solutions has also announced the garbage collection collection and routes.
Progressive Waste Management Solutions Corporation has also announced the garbage and routes.
Progressive Waste Solutions, Corporation, has announced the garbage and routes.
Progressive Waste Management Solutions International Corporation has announced the garbage and routes.
We're just now talking about some major major structural changes coming to the Hub and at the Magic Kingdom.
We're talking here about some major structural changes coming up to be the Hub at the new Magic Kingdom.
We're also talking about some major changes involved in coming to the Magical Hub at the Magic Kingdom.
We're talking about some major structural changes coming in to make the Magic Hub at least the Magic Kingdom.
We're talking right here, about all some major changes coming to the Hub at the Great Magic Kingdom.
Hughie Jackman is being treated successfully for his skin cancer.
Hughie Jackman is being successfully successfully treated for skin cancer.
Hughie Jackman is currently also being treated for skin cancer.
Hugh Jackman is being treated for both of his skin cancer.
Hugh Jackman himself is being successfully treated for his skin cancer.
The Navy wants the 22 St. - Louis - made growlers.
The US Navy wants the 22 in St. Louis made growlers.
The Navy wants 22 St. Louis'custom - made growlers.
The US US Navy also wants 22 St. Louis made growlers.
The Navy wants yet another 22 St. Louis - made growlers.
Eydie Gorme has died there at the approximate age of of 84.
Eydie - Gorme has since died at about the age of 84.
Eydie Gorme has since died at about the approximate age of 84.
Eydie - Anne Gorme has died at about the age of 84.
Eydie de Gorme has died at the approximate age of of 84.
The legislative races always just got crowded.
The local state legislative races got crowded.
The state legislative election races got crowded.
The legislative block races always got crowded.
The local state legislative races got crowded.
A small brush fire spread across the two acres back in Gretna.
A huge brush - fire spread across the two acres in Gretna.
A brush fire had spread out across two acres back in Gretna.
A brush fire had been spread across two hundred acres in Gretna.
A brush fire spread itself out across two acres back in Gretna.
The Institute for American Indian Studies'shopfront will also not yet hold a sale.
The Institute for North American and British Indian Studies'shop will not hold a sale.
The Institute for American Indian Studies'shoppership will also not hold a sale.
The Institute for North American Indian Cultural Studies'students'shop will hold a sale.
The National Institute Center for American Indian Studies'shopfront will hold such a sale.
Pakistani troops violated the ceasefire in the Al Akhnoor sector.
Pakistani Army troops violated the ceasefire in the Akhnoor sector.
Pakistani troops also violated of the ceasefire in Akhnoor sector.
Pakistani Army and troops violated the ceasefire in Akhnoor sector.
Pakistani troops also violated ceasefire in the Al Akhnoor sector.
HULL City have formally applied directly to the Football League Players Association to officially change their club name to Hull Tigers.
HULL City have formally and also applied to the Football Association to change and back their name back to Hull Tigers.
HULL City have now formally also applied directly to the Rugby League Football Association to change their name to Hull Tigers.
HULL Hull Kingston City have formally applied to the Rugby League Rugby Football Association to change their name to Hull Tigers.
HULL Hull City have formally applied directly to the Football Association to change their club name back up to Hull Tigers.
Ethiopia is playing Ghana.
Ethiopia is playing Ghana.
Ethiopia is playing Ghana.
Ethiopia is playing Ghana.
Ethiopia is playing Ghana.
A large black bear was reported wandering around through downtown downtown Moncton.
A large black bear was also reported as wandering through downtown Moncton.
A black - bear hunting herd was reported wandering through downtown Moncton.
A black polar bear pack was reported wandering around through downtown Moncton.
A black bear was reported as wandering peacefully peacefully through downtown Moncton.
The local stock sub - market will be closed for the holidays.
The local stock - market will be closed down for the holidays.
The stock - market market will be temporarily closed for the holidays.
The stock market window will now also be closed for the holidays.
The stock - market will be closed down again for the holidays.
Two - Door - Door Cinema Club played their last gig for a, very long time.
Two Door Cinema Club played their very very own last gig for quite a, long time.
Two Door Cinema Club had never played their very own last gig for a, long time.
Two Door Cinema Club had never played their last gig for quite a, very long time.
Two Door Cinema Club played it at their very own last gig for a, long time.
This same time she also will also be hosting of a new outdoors television show.
This time she will be seen again hosting a new weekly outdoors talk television show.
This time, she also will be hosting a new outdoors - talk television show.
This very very same time, she will be hosting a new outdoors television show.
This time,, she will be hosting a brand - new outdoors television show.
Apple Store has opened up their very first retail store in Brazil.
Apple has opened up their first retail storefronts in Brazil.
Apple Music has opened their first retail online store, in Brazil.
Apple has opened up their very first retail store, in Brazil.
Apple Store has opened their first retail online store, in Brazil.
Chris Brown was also charged and clashes with assault broke out.
Chrissie Ann Brown was charged with and assault broke out.
Chris Brown was charged with a sexual assault which broke out.
Chrissie Brown, who was charged with assault broke out.
Chrissy Brown was later also charged with assault broke out.
More than than 60 % percent of British women also say they only check on their phones during sex.
More than a 60 % percent of British male transgender women say they only check their phones during sex.
More than more than 60 % percent of British women say they check on their phones again during sex.
More than than 60 percent of pregnant British women say they check on their cell - phones during sex.
More than than a 60 percent of pregnant British women say they check their phones again, during sex.
GE has also completed the pending acquisition of GE API Healthcare.
GE has completed the entire acquisition process ahead of API Healthcare.
GE Healthcare has completed the acquisition process of GE API Healthcare.
GE has been completed with the acquisition process of API Healthcare.
GE Healthcare Group has completed on the acquisition of API Healthcare.
Simon Pegg, is now back in Dubai.
Simon Pegg, is now back in Dubai.
Simon Pegg is back at home in Dubai.
Simon Pegg, is back home in Dubai.
Simon and Pegg is back home in Dubai.
A fully indigenous BrahMos missile will be also being rolled out in about another three years.
A fully indigenous BrahMos ballistic missile system will also be rolled out sometime in three years.
A brand new fully indigenous BrahMos missile system will be rolled out sometime in three years.
A new fully indigenous Russian BrahMos missile will be being rolled - out in three years.
A fully operational indigenous BrahMos missile will be being rolled out sometime later in three years.
Two other people were wounded by police gunfire nearing an school.
Two people also were severely wounded by police gunfire near an school.
Two people also were wounded later by gunfire nearing an school.
Two people also were wounded, twice by gunfire near an school.
Two people were severely wounded by police gunfire, near an school.
True and always a very transparent journalism should be encouraged.
True and transparent investigative investigative journalism should also be encouraged.
True and transparent investigative journalism should also always be encouraged.
True and transparent journalism practices, should also be encouraged.
True honest journalism and transparent investigative journalism should be encouraged.
Barack - Obama Obama says the shutdown and threat of default hurt the entire entire US economy.
Barack Obama has reportedly also says the shutdown and threat of defaults hurt the US economy.
Barack Obama also says the shutdowns, and threat, of default hurt the US economy.
Barack - Obama says the recent government shutdowns and threat of default hurt the US economy.
Barack Obama says that the shutdowns and threat of default hurt the entire entire US economy.
UAE's very first Dubai World Central opened its first passenger terminal.
UAE's Dubai World Grand Prix Central opened its first passenger terminal.
UAE's Dubai World Central Airport also recently opened its passenger terminal.
UAE's first Dubai Airport World Central opened its first passenger terminal.
UAE's Dubai - World Central Airport opened as its passenger terminal.
Latvia thus became the 18th largest eurozone country.
Latvia became as the joint 18th eurozone country.
Latvia thus became the 18th largest eurozone country.
Latvia became the joint 18th largest eurozone country.
Latvia thus became the 18th largest eurozone country.
Societe - Generale nearly tripled all its profits.
Societe - Generale nearly tripled all its profits.
Societe Generale nearly twice and tripled its profits.
Societe Generale had already nearly tripled its profits.
Societe Generale nearly twice tripled all its profits.
Kelly Clarkson, is now having a new baby girl.
Kelly - Clarkson, who is having a baby girl.
Kelly Clarkson is also briefly seen having a baby girl.
Kelly - Kelly Clarkson who is having a baby girl.
Kelly - Clarkson is having a brand new baby girl.
An elderly man who has recently been found guilty of using his very own wife as a sex slave.
An man who has been found guilty, of sexually using his very own wife as a sex slave.
An man has been found guilty, and of using his very own former wife as a sex slave.
An man has been falsely found not guilty, of using only his wife, as a sex slave.
An man has often been falsely found guilty of using only his own wife as merely a sex slave.
We have faced a big new big challenge to find out the real killer and the real fake BJP.
We have a big challenge to find out about the real killer, and expose to the fake BJP.
We have faced yet again a very big challenge to find out the real killer and the fake BJP.
We too have now faced yet a big challenge : to find out the real and the fake BJP.
We have faced a very big challenge to help find out the real and expose the real fake BJP.
Police have released police questioning the alleged true identity of a body found in the Susquehanna River.
Police have released the identity of about half of a body allegedly found in the Susquehanna River.
Police have released the identity of the a body found in 2002 near the upper Susquehanna River.
Police have released only the full legal identity documents of a body found in the Susquehanna River.
Police have released police the full legal identity of a body found in near the Susquehanna River.
Europe itself is hypocritical even in leading the fight against corruption.
Europe is also hypocritical in supporting the global fight against corruption.
Europe is also hypocritical even in supporting the fight against corruption.
Europe is also hypocritical in not supporting the fight against corruption.
Europe Today is very hypocritical in the global fight against corruption.
Julio Cesar is still not motivated to return.
Julio and Don Cesar is motivated to return.
Julio - Cesar is not motivated to return.
Julio Cesar is not motivated enough to return.
Julio Cesar is still not motivated to return.
Belarus also has banned pork import from the Rostov - Oblast BelTA learnt.
Belarus has also banned pork for importation from Rostov Oblast BelTA learnt.
Belarus also has banned pork import from Rostov - Pomeranian Oblast BelTA learnt.
Belarus has banned pork for illegal importation from Rostov Oblast BelTA learnt.
Belarus has banned all pork import from the entire Rostov Oblast BelTA learnt.
A young man has been recently arrested twice and was charged in connection with a suspected sexual assault on the Upper Saddle Lake Cree Nation.
A man has been arrested and charged, in a direct connection with committing a sexual sexual assault on, the Saddle Lake Cree Nation.
A man who has been arrested and charged, allegedly in connection with a sexual assault on by of the Saddleback Lake Cree Nation.
A man has also been recently arrested and charged in connection with committing a sexual assault and attack on the Saddle Lake Plains Cree Nation.
A young man who has recently been arrested, and charged in connection with committing a sexual sexual assault on the Saddle Lake Cree Nation.
Ghanaians deserve them to always be happy.
Ghanaians also deserve to always be happy.
Ghanaians deserve them to always be happy.
Ghanaians deserve them to always be happy.
Ghanaians also deserve them to be happy.
Pakistan reached 77 0s out in their reply to South Africa 249.
Pakistan reached 77 0 in reply match to South - West Africa 249.
Pakistan reached only a 77 0 in their reply to South Africa 249.
Pakistan reached a 77 0 in their reply to the South Africa 249.
Pakistan had reached 77 0 in reply match to beat South Africa 249.
A brand new teacher changes subjects and she begins teaching fitness.
A new brand new teacher changes subjects and begins teaching fitness.
A teacher, then changes the subjects and begins teaching fitness.
A new teacher changes subjects, and begins by teaching fitness.
A new teacher changes the subjects and begins by teaching fitness.
The Rockies also have recently signed their manager, Walt Weiss to a contract extension.
The Rockies have recently also also signed manager, Walt Weiss to a contract extension.
The Colorado Rockies have signed manager, catcher Walt Weissman to a contract extension.
The Colorado Rockies have signed manager Walther Weisser to a lifetime contract extension.
The Rockies have signed their general manager, Walt Weiss, to a contract extension.
JC Penneys also will close 33 stores.
JC Penneys also will close 33 stores.
JC - Penney will close its 33 stores.
JC Penney will eventually also close 33 stores.
JC - Penney will also close 33 stores.
28 out of of which in all the 36 states are still yet to fully embrace the contributory pension scheme.
28 out 30 of all the 36 member states are yet able yet to fully embrace the contributory pension scheme.
28 states out of the world top 36 states are still yet to fully fully embrace the contributory pension scheme.
28 out of the 36 US states that are likely still yet to fully embrace the new contributory pension scheme.
28 out of the top 36 states are still yet to fully fully embrace the contributory - state pension scheme.
There also has not always not been a worrying bout because of communal violence in some parts of our country.
There has been a worrying bout because of communal violence here in the some remote parts of the our country.
There has been quite a worrying bout of communal domestic violence in some parts outside of... in our country.
There has been a worrying recent bout of severe communal domestic - violence in almost some parts of our country.
There has always been a quite a worrying little bout of communal violence in some parts east of our country.
Gene Taylor, III is considering, but says if he runs it will be to run as a Republican.
Gene Taylor III is considering, but if ever he ever runs it it will be run as a Republican.
Gene Taylor is considering, but even if ever he runs it he will probably still be as a Republican.
Gene Taylor is " considering, " but if he ever runs it will not be run as a Republican.
Gene Taylor is considering, but if ever, he runs for it he will be as much a Republican.
A Maltese Falcon bronze statuette has sold for £. 2. 5 5m at auction house.
A single Maltese Falcon bronze statue has sold out for £. 2. 5m at auction house.
A second Maltese Falcon bronze statuette has sold for over £ 2. 5m at auction house.
A second Maltese Maltese Falcon statue has sold out for £ 2. 5 5m at auction house.
A second Maltese Falcon statue has sold out for £. 2 2. 5m at auction house.
DJ Joe Maseo's son has recently also officially announced he will declare for the NFL draft.
DJ Maseo's eldest son has also announced that he will declare for joining the NFL draft.
DJ Maseo's son Chris has also announced he will declare for and joining the NFL draft.
DJ Maseo's eldest son has announced he will declare for retirement and joining the NFL draft.
DJ Maseo's son has also announced he still will not declare eligibility for the NFL draft.
Local peace - advocate and producer Bukola - Oriola was invited to the White House Jan. 14.
Local advocate producer Bukola Oriola was invited back in to visit to the White House Jan. 14.
Local peace advocate producer Bukola Oriola was also invited to the Obama White House on Jan. 14.
Local advocate producer, Bukola Oriola, was invited to visit the Obama White House Jan. 14.
Local advocate and producer Bukola Oriola was also invited to the Whites - House Jan. 14.
Benedict XVI has also denied speculation he or himself was pressured.
Benedict Benedict XVI has denied speculation that perhaps he was pressured.
Benedict Benedict XVI himself has denied speculation that he was pressured.
Benedict XVI has denied speculation that he or himself was pressured.
Benedict Benedict XVI has since also denied speculation he was pressured.
Trevor Bayne has been successfully diagnosed annually, with Multiple Sclerosis.
Trevor - Bayne, has also been diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis.
Trevor Bayne has also been most recently diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis.
Trevor John Bayne, has recently been diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis.
Trevor Bayne has also been recently diagnosed with a Multiple Sclerosis.
Weather took a very sharp U - turn.
Weather took on a sharp U - turn.
Weatherby took a U - - turn.
Weather took on a sharp U - turn.
Weather took on a U - - turn.
Thanks, Seminism ® is also currently launching three new seedless watermelon varieties.
Thanks, Seminis ®, is launching with three new, seedless watermelon varieties.
Thanks, the company Seminis ®, is launching three new seedless watermelon varieties.
Thanks, Seminism ®, is launching three brand new seedless watermelon varieties.
Thanks, Seminism ® is launching three new brand new seedless watermelon varieties.
Rick Osterloh has since been officially named President Emeritus and COO Emeritus of Motorola Mobility.
Rick Osterloh, has been recently named President and Vice - COO of Motorola Mobility.
Rick Osterloh has been named the President Emeritus and COO Emeritus of the Motorola Mobility.
Rick Osterloh, has since then been named President and COO of the Motorola Mobility.
Rick Osterloh, has been named President and COO Emeritus Emeritus of the Motorola Mobility.
A huge canyon that lies deep beneath all the ice sheet.
A huge canyon lies buried somewhere deep beneath the ice sheet.
A single huge canyon - wall lies beneath the ice sheet.
A huge canyon that lies deep beneath the frozen ice sheet.
A huge ice canyon that lies beneath all the ice sheet.
India was vigorously pursuing the safe release of its largest oil - gas tanker detained by Iran.
India was vigorously - pursuing for the safe release of its first oil tanker detained by Iran.
India also was vigorously pursuing the release rights of its oil - gas tanker detained by Iran.
India was vigorously pursuing the release of its oil - gas tankers detained illegally by Iran.
India also was also vigorously pursuing the release of its oil - tanker detained there by Iran.
Indian IT services companies, are also also said to be in race to buy the large Spanish firm Accelya.
Indian and other multinational IT companies are said to also be in the race to buy the Spanish firm Accelya.
Indian and other multinational IT companies are also said to be involved in race to buy the Spanish firm Accelya.
Indian IT companies, are also said to be in race to buy spin - out the Spanish firm Accelya.
Indian IT companies, are said also to be in race trying to buy out of the Spanish firm Accelya.
Actress, Karen Black, has lost her long battle to cancer.
Actress, actress Karenna Black, lost her battle to cancer.
Actress, Karen Black, lost her battle due partly to cancer.
Actress Karenna Mae Black, lost her final battle to cancer.
Actress Karenna Black, lost her custody battle due to cancer.
The modern European euro fell broadly.
The modern European euro fell broadly.
The entire eurozone fell broadly.
The entire eurozone fell broadly.
The eurozone countries fell broadly.
Governor John Pat Quinn III is also set to introduce as his running - mate for the Lieutenant Governor.
Governor, Governor Pat Quinn, is also set up to introduce as his running mate for Lieutenant Governor.
Governor Pat Quinn is also set to officially introduce her daughter as his potential running mate for Lieutenant Governor.
Governor Pat Quinn III is set to introduce as his potential potential running - mate for the Lieutenant Governor.
Governor Pat Quinn, III is set to introduce himself as his running mate for the next Lieutenant Governor.
Perceptions is reality.
Perceptions is reality.
Perceptions is reality.
Perceptions is reality.
Perceptions is reality.
Belgrade State University made to the Taiwan University list, list of top world universities.
Belgrade State University made to the Taiwan list part of list of top world universities.
Belgrade University was made to the Forbes World Taiwan 2000 list of top world universities.
Belgrade University was also made to the Forbes Taiwan list of top 100 world universities.
Belgrade State University has made to date the Taiwan list of the top world universities.
The new monetary policy will continue to help support all the growth.
The monetary policy policy program will also continue to support the growth.
The new monetary policy will continue to help support all the growth.
The monetary policy program itself will also continue to support the growth.
The new monetary policy policy will continue working to support the growth.
US stocks staged in such an explosive rally.
US stocks staged an even increasingly explosive rally.
US stocks staged into an increasingly explosive rally.
US oil stocks also staged an explosive rally.
US Army stocksmen staged an explosive rally.
Dustin Johnson, will conduct at least a free clinic at the new Golfsmith store.
Dustin and Johnsons will conduct a monthly free clinic at the new Golfsmith store.
Dustin Johnson, will conduct at a free clinic at the at the Golfsmith store.
Dustin Johnson also, will conduct a monthly free golf clinic at the Golfsmith store.
Dustin Johnson will conduct clinics at a new free clinic located at the Golfsmith store.
Mercedes plan to roll their brand new sports - car out.
Mercedes plan to roll them all of their new car out.
Mercedes'plan to just about roll their new car out.
Mercedes plan to go and roll their new sports car out.
Mercedes'plan was to roll their brand new car out.
Authorities say a barge boat has accidentally accidentally hit a railroad bridge in eastern Iowa.
Authorities say a barge has accidentally hit a bridge, possibly somewhere in eastern Iowa.
Authorities say about that, a barge truck has hit a bridge in eastern Iowa.
Authorities say a barge has hit on to a railroad bridge in far eastern Iowa.
Authorities say a large water barge has hit a bridge in the far eastern Iowa.
A judge agreed to immediately dismiss proceedings centred almost solely on preventing the disclosure of files relating to three separate killings during all The Troubles.
A trial court judge agreed to immediately dismiss proceedings centred on the disclosure of files, relating more specifically to three killings during The Troubles.
A judge agreed to dismiss proceedings centred solely on the alleged disclosures made of files relating specifically to three separate killings during The Troubles.
A judge agreed to dismiss all further proceedings centred on the disclosure of files held relating to the first three attempted killings during The Troubles.
A judge later agreed not to dismiss proceedings centred on investigating the disclosures of files, relating to three killings committed during The Troubles.
An association program for young female journalists also was launched.
An association for help training young female journalists was launched.
An association, for female journalists also, was launched.
An association program designed for female sports journalists was launched.
An international association for training young female journalists was launched.
The family of a former Harvard medical student found hanged year has also requested an inquest.
The family member of such a young student found hanged last year has requested an inquest.
The immediate family of a student found in hanged last year, has requested an inquest.
The family of such a young female student found in hanged year has requested an inquest.
The family of a former student, found a hanged year has requested for an inquest.
A recent poll puts quarterback Bruce Rauner slightly ahead of Pat Quinn.
A poll puts both Bruce Weber and Rauner ahead of Pat Quinn.
A recent poll also puts Bruce Rauner slightly ahead of Pat Quinn.
A poll puts quarterback Bruce Rauner ahead instead of quarterback Pat Quinn.
A poll also puts Bruce Rauner just slightly ahead of Pat Quinn.
The Black - Sensex slipped to its very lowest level.
The second Sensex slipped down to near its lowest level.
The last Sensex had slipped to near its lowest level.
The very second Sensex had slipped to its lowest level.
The Sensex slipped slowly back down to its lowest level.
Tributes have also been paid out to assist a pensioner.
Tributes have also often been paid to honour a pensioner.
Tributes have also been traditionally paid to honour a pensioner.
Tributes may have also been paid annually to a pensioner.
Tributes also may have been also paid to a pensioner.
BofA and Merrill - Merrill Lynch downgraded ViroPharma to Underperform.
BofA Merrill Lynch downgraded its ViroPharmacies program to Underperform.
BofA Merrill - Lynch downgraded ViroPharmacies Index to Underperform.
BofA Merrill Lynch - Lynch downgraded the ViroPharma to Underperform.
BofA Merrill Lynch downgraded the name from ViroPharma to Underperform.
Some popstars are mean, stupid and miserable.
Some young popstars are just mean and miserable.
Some young popstars who are mean and miserable.
Some young popstars are mean, and miserable.
Some young female popstars are mean and miserable.
Apple also struck out a new deal with China Mobile.
Apple also struck a deal with Microsoft and China Mobile.
Apple also recently struck out a deal with China Mobile.
Apple struck - out a deal also with China Mobile.
Apple struck out a new deal with Microsoft China Mobile.
A Pontiac man was arrested after two police deputies had found 40 or more marijuana marijuana seed plants inside his home.
A Pontiac man was arrested after his deputies found 40 or so marijuana or more marijuana plants planted inside his home.
A young Pontiac man was arrested after deputies found about a 40 % or more more marijuana plants inside his home.
A Pontiac maniac was later arrested after deputies found about $ 40 or more marijuana plants planted inside his home.
A Pontiac maniac who was arrested after deputies found over 40 or more illegal marijuana seed plants inside his home.
John Paul Magaro has also recently joined Rooney Mara in the 2011 Todd Haynes directed drama Carol.
John Magaro has joined, Rooney Mara, and in the Todd Manning Haynes directed drama Carol.
John Magaro has joined Rooney Mara in directing the 2011 Todd - Manning Haynes directed drama Carol.
John Magaro has joined Mickey Rooney and Rooney Mara, in the Todd Haynes directed drama Carol.
John Magaro also has joined director, Rooney Mara in the Todd Haynes - directed drama Carol.
Dwayne Allendale is to seek a full second opinion opinion on his recent foot injury.
Dwayne Van Allen is to also help seek a second medical opinion on his foot injury.
Dwayne Van Allen is to also seek out a medical second opinion on his foot injury.
Dwayne Allen is to seek a second medical opinion and opinion on handling his foot injury.
Dwayne Van Allen is to also help seek a second opinion on his recent foot injury.
Pop band The R5 thrills with their young fans playing at the old Queen Elizabeth Theatre.
Pop band, The R52 thrills all their young fans at the Queen Elizabeth Theatre.
Pop rock band The R5 thrills their young fans at opening the new Queen Elizabeth Theatre.
Pop rock band R5 thrills with their young fans playing at the old Queen Elizabeth Theatre.
Pop band R52 thrills all three of their young fans at the Queen Elizabeth Theatre.
Inches of snowfall today has slowed travel across much more of Indiana.
Inches of snow has severely and severely slowed travel across much of Indiana.
Inches of snow has also slowed travel across the much more of Indiana.
Inches of snow has also slowed travel across much and more of Indiana.
Inches of snowfall annually has severely slowed travel across much of Indiana.
Chris Christie himself had had no real knowledge or involvement.
Chris Christie had no knowledge whatsoever whatsoever of or involvement.
Chris and Christie had obviously had no knowledge or involvement.
Chris and Christie had had no knowledge of or involvement.
Chris Christie had had absolutely no knowledge of or involvement.
Bahrain has failed to attract as many qualified Indian doctors.
Bahraini has failed and yet to attract Indian doctors.
Bahrain has also failed yet to fully attract Indian doctors.
Bahraini has also failed yet to attract Indian doctors.
Bahraini has failed yet to attract many Indian doctors.
Four people were also rescued at near a flooded farmhouse in Llanbedr.
Four more injured people were rescued at near a flooded farm in Llanbedr.
Four people rescued were later rescued at a partially flooded farm in Llanbedr.
Four more injured people were rescued at near a flooded farm in Llanbedr.
Four people rescued were rescued at least a flooded farmhouse in Llanbedr.
Hyderabad could therefore also be modelled after Delhi.
Hyderabad could also be modelled directly after Delhi.
Hyderabad could be considered modelled directly after Delhi.
Hyderabad city itself could be modelled after Delhi.
Hyderabad city could also be modelled after Delhi.
Women have taken well over the lead in politically educating their voters.
Women voters have taken the lead and role in educating their voters.
Women have not always taken over the lead in educating their voters.
Women have taken the lead role in effectively educating all their voters.
Women should have always taken the lead early in educating their voters.
A father convicted of murder and of killing his three young daughters was also sentenced to life in prison.
A single divorced single father convicted of brutally killing his own three daughters was sentenced to life in prison.
A father convicted of killing all his own three young daughters, was also sentenced to life in prison.
A single father falsely falsely convicted of killing his own three daughters was also sentenced to life in prison.
A father convicted of killing his three daughters, he was also sentenced twice to a life in prison.
Afghan Air Force also receives first round of three outings of 12 Mi - 17 helicopters.
Afghan Air Force receives first three out of the total 12 currently operational Mi - 17 helicopters.
Afghan Royal Air Force Force Force receives first three outings of 12 Mi - 17 helicopters.
Afghan National Air Defense Force receives the first three helicopters out of 12 Mi - 17 helicopters.
Afghan Air Force receives first order of three out of 12 new Mi - 8 17 helicopters.
A young newly married couple, was later found dead.
A newly - married couple was later also found dead.
A young, newly married married couple was found dead.
A newly - wed married married couple was found dead.
A newly married and married couple was later found dead.
California State Rep. George Miller, has now decided to retire.
California State Rep. George Miller has long since decided to retire.
California Rep. George Miller, has now officially decided to retire.
California Rep. George Edward Miller has since then decided to retire.
California Rep. George Miller has long - since decided to retire.
Two Dothan parents face aggravated federal domestic and child abuse charges.
Two Dothan County parents also face aggravated domestic child abuse charges.
Two dozen other Dothan parents also face aggravated child abuse charges.
Two Dothan parents also face aggravated domestic child sexual abuse charges.
Two other Dothan County parents also face aggravated child abuse charges.
THE owners of a shop there, have been accused of promoting racism and for selling illegal immigrant bags.
THE The owners of such a shop have been repeatedly accused of promoting racism for not selling immigrant bags.
THE owners " " of a coffee shop " have been accused of promoting racism for selling immigrant bags.
THE owners " " of such a coffee shop have been accused repeatedly of racism for selling immigrant bags.
THE owners of a coffee shop have been falsely accused of falsely deliberately promoting racism for selling immigrant bags.
An American activist who says Americans should stand up to and defend their very own democratic rights.
An American political activist says Americans should stand - up to and to defend their democratic rights.
An American activist says that Americans themselves should not stand up to defend their own democratic rights.
An African American activist says, that Americans should stand up, to defend their democratic rights.
An American activist says that Americans everywhere today should not stand up to defend their democratic rights.
A man paid tribute along with his own life for trying to help broker peace.
A good man paid with his own life, not for trying to broker peace.
A good man paid with his own personal personal life for trying to broker peace.
A man paid tribute with his very own life for not trying to broker peace.
A good man who had paid with all his life for trying to broker peace.
The first Cityscape art installation was unveiled on South State Street.
The Cityscape public art installation, was unveiled on State Street.
The very first Cityscape installation was unveiled, on State Street.
The first Cityscape video installation site was unveiled on State Street.
The Cityscape installation site itself was unveiled on South State Street.
Saul Landau, who was profiled, also has died.
Saul and Landau, those who profiled, has died.
Saul Landau, journalist who profiled, and has died.
Saul Landau, journalist who was profiled, has died.
Saul and Landau, those who profiled, has died.
Deadly violent tornadoes had swept through the Midwest.
Deadly tornadoes swept through from across the Midwest.
Deadly violent violent tornadoes swept through the Midwest.
Deadly tornadoes swept through from across the Midwest.
Deadly tornadoes had swept down through the Midwest.
I really can only ask cheap brands for cialis overnight shipping.
I really can only ask cheap brands for cialis overnight shipping.
I can only ask cheap brands cialis, for overnight shipping.
I can ask cheap brands cialis'for the overnight shipping.
I really can only ask cheaper brands cialis overnight shipping.
George and George Michael was afraid to even ask Amy Winehouse to duet.
George and George Michael was afraid to even ask Amy Winehouse to duet.
George Michael reportedly was not afraid to ask Amy Jo Winehouse to duet.
George Michael was afraid to ever even ask Amy Winehouse not to duet.
George and Michael was both afraid to ask Amy Winehouse not to duet.
Three residents have been charged with illegally illegally illegally obtaining the STAR benefits.
Three residents have also been charged with illegally or illegally obtaining STAR benefits.
Three residents have been charged with illegally illegally or illegally obtaining STAR benefits.
Three residents, have been charged with illegally illegally obtaining the STAR benefits.
Three residents have been charged, specifically with illegally obtaining the STAR benefits.
You, damn you, can now insult the new French president.
You, you can now insult anyone not even the French president.
You, you, can now openly insult even the French president.
You, you can now, insult even to the French president.
You, you, can now insult, the former French president.
Peaceful Arch Memorial Hospital is now calling for submissions.
Peace Arches Memorial Hospital is now calling for submissions.
Peace Arch Hospital is now also actively calling for submissions.
Peace Arch Memorial Memorial Hospital is now calling for submissions.
Peaceful Arch Hospital is now actively calling for submissions.
An oil spill exercise on to the River Hamble is due due, up to start today.
An annual oil spill exercise on to reach the River Hambleton is due to start today.
An oil - spill exercise on crossing the new River Hambleton is due to start today.
An oil spill control exercise on the nearby River Hamble is due to not officially start today.
An oil spill and exercise exercise on crossing the nearby River Hamble is due to start today.
Fashion design and environmental sustainability don't always go hand in hand.
Fashion and the environmental sustainability don't always go hand in hand.
Fashion and sustainability don't always go hand - - in hand.
Fashion and sustainability activities don't always just go hand in hand.
Fashion and sustainability are activities that don't go hand in hand.
The same bicyclist who was struck by such a police car early Friday morning died at the a hospital Tuesday afternoon.
The bicyclist who once had was struck by such a car early Friday died unexpectedly at such a hospital Tuesday afternoon.
The bicyclist who was struck upside down by a car early Friday that morning died at visiting a hospital Tuesday afternoon.
The bicyclist who had was struck by a car early Friday died unexpectedly at the ailing local hospital Tuesday afternoon.
The bicyclist who was accidentally accidentally struck by a car early on Good Friday died at a local hospital Tuesday afternoon.
A woman found dead in a hotel room, died as was a direct result of multiple fatality knife wounds.
A woman, found in a nearby hotel dining room, died, as a result of multiple fatal knife wounds.
A young West Indian woman found dead in a hotel room, died as a result of multiple fatal knife wounds.
A woman, later found tied in to a hotel room, reportedly died as a result of multiple knife wounds.
A young woman found in a hotel room dining room, died as a result, of the multiple knife wounds.
Sonia Gandhi - Gandhi accused the ruling Bharatiya Hindu Janata Party of crossing all boundaries of corruption.
Sonia Gandhi has accused the Bharatiya Janata Party Party of crossing all the political boundaries of corruption.
Sonia Gandhi accused the ruling Bharatiya Hindu Janata Party Party of crossing all boundaries because of corruption.
Sonia Gandhi has accused the Bharatiya Janata Janata Party Party of crossing all boundaries because of corruption.
Sonia Gandhi accused the Bharatiya Janata Party Party government ministers of crossing all boundaries because of corruption.
Actor, Dan Gerrity, has died.
Actor, Dan Gerrity III has died.
Actor, comedian Dan Gerrity has died.
Actor, Dann Gerrity has died.
Actor, Dan Gerrity III has died.
A Moses Lake man who is killed after unsuccessfully unsuccessfully trying to run over his brother.
A Moses Lake man who he is after, trying to get run over his brother.
A Moses - Lake County young man is after trying to get run over his brother.
A Moses - Lake County man is killed after trying to run over to his brother.
A young Moses Lake man is after him, trying to get run over his brother.
Cedar Rapids County School Democrats will meet.
Cedar County Young Democrats Committee will meet.
Cedar Rapids County School Democrats will meet.
Cedar Rapids County Democrats Committee will meet.
Cedar County Democrats Committee members will meet.
Max Clifford has also been told he himself is not into young girls.
Maxine Clifford has told her he is not into the young girls.
Max Clifford has told he is not even really really into young girls.
Max Clifford has told he is also not into girls dating young girls.
Max Clifford himself has been told he himself is not into young girls.
A new healthcare industry crowd funding funding platform also launches to fund.
A new online healthcare and crowd funding platform launches applications to fund.
A brand new healthcare industry and crowd funding platform launches to fund.
A new healthcare crowd - funding platform also launches applications to fund.
A new healthcare crowd funding software platform launches new applications to fund.
Fighters fired a mortar shell at an Israeli military vehicle and convoy in south central Gaza.
Fighters fired a mortar shell at an Israeli armored military vehicle in south - central Gaza.
Fighters also fired off a shell at the an Israeli military vehicle parked in central Gaza.
Fighters fired out a mortar shell at an approaching armored Israeli military vehicle in central Gaza.
Fighters also fired a shell aimed at destroying an Israeli military armored vehicle in central Gaza.
Her second husband, director Saif Ali Khan, shows sparks of brilliance in every film.
Her late husband Saif Ali Khan also shows sparks of brilliance shown in almost every film.
Her late husband Saif - Ali Khan shows his sparks of brilliance in almost every film.
Her husband Saif Ali Akbar Khan shows sparks full of brilliance, evident in every film.
Her husband, Saif Ali Akbar Khan shows sparks of brilliance displayed in almost every film.
The Football Association has charged the former Chelsea trio Ramires, along with Jose Mourinho and Rui Faria.
The Portuguese Footballers Association has charged Chelsea midfield trio Ramires, Josep Mourinho and Rui Faria.
The Football Association has charged Chelsea midfield trios Ramires, José, Jose Mourinho and Rui Faria.
The Football Association has charged the former Chelsea trio Ramires, along with Jose Mourinho and Rui Faria.
The Football Association has also charged Chelsea with midfield trio Ramires, Jose Mourinho and João Rui Faria.
THE US and Russia government really may have thrown all their weight behind Syria talks.
THE US and the Russias would have just thrown their weight behind Syria talks.
THEY US and Russia will have both thrown their full weight behind Syria talks.
THE US and, maybe even Russia may have thrown their weight behind Syria talks.
THE US government and even Russia have thrown their full political weight behind Syria talks.
John Kerry II will also visit China.
John Kerry will later also visit China.
John Kerry and Kerry will visit China.
John and Kerry, will visit China.
John Kerry, who will visit China.
WineCare International has since gone into liquidation.
WineCare has gone back down into liquidation.
WineCare International has gone back into liquidation.
WineCare International has since gone into liquidation.
WineCare International has since gone into liquidation.
Sid Caesar himself has just passed away.
Sidon Caesar has just passed away.
Sid Caesar has just recently passed away.
Sid Caesar has only just passed away.
Sidon Caesar has just passed away.
IBM has reached a, highly successful multibillion dollar outsourcing business deal with UniCredit.
IBM has reached into a, multibillion - dollar IT outsourcing deal with UniCredit.
IBM has recently reached a, successful multibillion dollar outsourcing business deal with UniCredit.
IBM Research has reached into a, successful multibillion dollar outsourcing deal with UniCredit.
IBM has reached a, multibillion dollar outsourcing kind of business deal with UniCredit.
ONE The Wide World of Sports team will be coming to Shippan Landing in Stamford.
ONE World Sports will be also coming back home to the Shippan Landing in Stamford.
ONE World Sports will be coming home right next to the Shippan Landing in Stamford.
ONE OF World Sports will be arriving soon coming to Shippan Landing Field in Stamford.
ONE OF World Sports will be coming to Shippans and Landings in Stamford.
Grand River Valley State set all nine pool records in reaching the finale.
Grand Valley State University set nine pool records very early in the finale.
Grand Valley State University set all nine swimming pool records in the finale.
Grand River Valley State set up all nine pool records in the finale.
Grand Valley State set nine other new pool time records in the finale.
Science Fiction Adventure is an adventure.
Science - Fiction is an adventure.
Science is simply not an adventure.
Science fiction is not an adventure.
Science - Fiction is an adventure.
China has also recently become the world's second - largest agricultural insurance market.
China has become the world's second - largest consumer agricultural health insurance market.
China has also become the developing - world's second largest agricultural insurance market.
China has become the world's new second largest private private agricultural insurance market.
China has become arguably the world's new second largest agricultural health insurance market.
Julian Smither has not welcomed such a freeze on fuel duty.
Julianne Smither has welcomed a freezer on fuel duty.
Julianne Smither has welcomed a freezer on fuel duty.
Julianne Smith has welcomed such a freezer on fuel duty.
Julian Smith has welcomed such a temporary freeze on diesel fuel duty.
Firefighters may have rescued a landscaper who was trapped buried deep underground under a boulder.
Firefighters also may have successfully rescued a landscaper who was trapped deep under a boulder.
Firefighters have reportedly also successfully rescued a landscaper, who was trapped under a boulder.
Firefighters have rescued " " " a landscaper who was trapped deep under a boulder.
Firefighters may have rescued a wounded local landscaper who was found trapped under a boulder.
Honda will also fill in any financial void left at McLaren.
Honda will also fill any financial voids left at McLaren.
Honda Racing will fill any financial voids left at McLaren.
Honda will also not fill in any financial void at McLaren.
Honda Racing will not fill in any financial void at McLaren.
Germany, hosts Belgium and hosts, Switzerland qualified for the World Cup.
Germany, Belgium and hosts Switzerland qualified for the 1990 FIFA World Cup.
Germany, Belgium, Austria and Switzerland qualified for the 1990 World Cup.
Germany, Belgium and Switzerland also qualified for playing the 1990 World Cup.
Germany, Belgium and Switzerland qualified directly for to the 1990 World Cup.
The Lokpal Bill Bill was first successfully tabled in the Rajya Sabha.
The Lokpali Bill was tabled almost unanimously in the Rajya Sabha.
The Lokpal Bill was also tabled - in by the Rajya Sabha.
The Lokpal Bill was tabled unanimously in the Indian National Rajya Sabha.
The proposed Lokpali Bill was also tabled in the Rajya Sabha.
The Houston Chronicle has criticized Senator Ted Cruz.
The Houston Chronicle Jewish Chronicle criticized Ted Cruz.
The Houston Chronicle also heavily criticized Ted Cruz.
The Houston Chronicle has also criticized Ted Cruz.
The Houston Chronicle Jewish Chronicle criticized Ted Cruz.
AAP completes one more per month in office.
AAP completes within one month of in office.
AAP completes only one more month in office.
AAPT completes one more month in office.
AAPT only completes one month in office.
The rating agency warned corruption in Costa Rica.
The rating agency warned in the Costa Rica.
The rating agency WHO has warned Costa Rica.
The rating agency has also warned Costa Rica.
The rating rating rating agency warned Costa Rica.
Parliament session was adjourned up till noon.
Parliament in session was adjourned till noon.
Parliament was adjourned, up till noon.
Parliament session was then adjourned till noon.
Parliament was then adjourned again till noon.
An feedlot high school educates about food nutritional and management issues.
An feedlot high school educates about food nutritional and management issues.
An feedlot school educates its students about nutritional and management issues.
An feedlot school also regularly educates students about nutrition and management issues.
An feedlot school educates all its students about nutrition and management issues.
DWH LLC plans to open up in a new Detroit office.
DWH LLC has plans to open a new downtown Detroit office.
DWH LLC plans to also open up a new Detroit office.
DWH LLC plans also plans to open up a Detroit office.
DWH LLC plans to also open up a new Detroit office.
The government is waking up to the possible negative health - affects of moving AgResearch scientists.
The US government is waking up due to the affects because of the moving AgResearch scientists.
The government government is waking up to the affects instead of just moving the AgResearch scientists.
The government government itself is waking up due to all the affects of moving AgResearch scientists.
The government is slowly waking up, due mostly to the affects of moving AgResearch scientists.
The Muskingum University chapter, of Omicron Delta and Delta Delta Kappa, has been made in an effort to give back to the community.
The Muskingum University alumni chapter of Delta Omicron Delta Kappa, has been made in an effort to help give back roots to the community.
The Muskingum University alumni chapter of Delta Omicron Phi and Delta Kappa has made in an extremely active effort to give back to the community.
The Muskingum Valley State University chapter of Delta Omicron Delta Kappa has made in part an effort to help give it back to the community.
The Muskingum State University chapter of Omicron Delta Kappa Alpha Phi has made in an effort to give back space and back to the community.
Mass. ranks 1st overall among US states in leading the global education study.
Mass. ranks as 1st among US states in global public higher education study.
Mass. ranks 1st overall nationally among US states participating in global education study.
Mass. also consistently ranks 1st among US states in global higher education study.
Mass. ranks 1st overall state overall among US states in global education study.
Moto - X photos may have leaked.
MotoGP XX photos have leaked.
Moto X photos may also have leaked.
MotoGP XX photos have leaked.
Moto - X promotional photos have leaked.
Americans for American Prosperity Campaign is launching with a campaign specifically targeting three Senate Democrats.
Americans for Prosperity Now is launching a campaign, one specifically targeting three Senate Democrats.
Americans Working Together for Prosperity is launching a new campaign targeting three Republican Senate Democrats.
Americans for American Prosperity is launching a new campaign targeting all three Republican Senate Democrats.
Americans for Prosperity Campaign is also currently launching a campaign targeting three Republican Senate Democrats.
An elderly Albany man has been arrested in connection with investigating a recent London road rage incident.
An elderly Albany man has been recently arrested in connection with investigating a road - rage incident.
An Albany maniac has been arrested, in connection with with a road - rage incident.
An Albany maniac has been arrested in connection with a more recent London road rage incident.
An Albany man who has been arrested in connection with withholding a recent road rage incident.
It's time now that you look.
It's about time that you look.
It's about time that you look.
It's about time that you look.
It's time that let you look.
Eleese of Adamson Shaddix of Fort William Dalton passed away.
Eleese Adamson Shaddix of the Daltons has passed away.
Eleese Adamson, Shaddix Mayoress of Dalton passed away.
Eleese Adamson Shaddix of Dalton also has recently passed away.
Eleese Adamson - - - Shaddix of Dalton passed away.
I had a very very troubled childhood.
I had always had a troubled childhood.
I have had a very troubled childhood.
I had had a very troubled childhood.
I had had a very troubled childhood.
Actress, actress Suchitra Sen was also put under ventilator support.
Actress Suchitra Devi Sen was put up under a ventilator support.
Actress, actress Suchitra Sen was put under a ventilator support.
Actress, Suchitra Devi - Sen was put under ventilator support.
Actress, Suchitra Sen was also put under a ventilator support.
The NFL still has trouble in making sense.
The NFL still has trouble with making sense.
The NFL itself still has trouble making sense.
The NFL still has trouble with making sense.
The NFL itself has had trouble making sense.
Seth Meyers will host the 2018 66th Annual Annual Primetime Emmy Awards airing.
Seth Meyers will be host for " the 66th Primetime Emmy Awards airing.
Seth Meyers III will host the 66th Annual Primetime Sports Emmy Awards airing.
Seth and Seth Meyers will host the upcoming 66th Primetime Emmy Awards airing.
Seth Meyers III will also also host the 66th Primetime Emmy Awards airing.
Chainz Gang is considering even releasing her with a sex tape to make some extra cash.
Chainz is also considering possibly releasing a sex tape to help him make some extra cash.
Chainz!! Music is considering releasing her a sex tape to make some extra cash.
Chainz Music is considering releasing a sex tape to make some people extra extra extra cash.
Chainz Music Group is considering releasing a sex - tape to make some extra extra cash.
EBay Ventures was leading to a new venture round of funding in Snapdeal.
EBay was leading a new round of venture funding and investment in Snapdeal.
EBay was leading a new venture - round round of funding in Snapdeal.
EBay was also leading a new round of funding investing heavily in Snapdeal.
EBay was leading a major new venture round of funding investing in Snapdeal.
The Chinese former Chinese American Consulate in San Francisco said its compound was damaged, in both an arson attack.
The Chinese Consulate in downtown San Francisco Francisco said its compound building, was damaged in an apparent arson attack.
The former Chinese American Consulate in San Francisco Francisco said its embassy compound, was damaged in an arson attack.
The American former Chinese Consulate General in San Francisco said that its compound was damaged in both an arson attack.
The Chinese former Chinese American Consulate in downtown San Francisco said its compound building was damaged in an arson attack.
MICHAEL DOUGLAS and CATHERINE - A - ZETA - JONES have reunited.
MICHAEL, DOUGLAS and THE CATHERINE ZETA - JONESS have reunited.
MICHAEL, DOUGLAS, and CATHERINE - ZETA - JONES have reunited.
MICHAEL, DOUGLAS, I and CATHERINE ZETA - JONES have reunited.
MICHAEL DOUGLAS and THEIR CATHERINE ZETA - THE JONES have reunited.
A man has pleaded guilty only to two sex crimes.
A young man has pleaded guilty only to sex crimes.
A man pleaded guilty only to once to sex crimes.
A third third man pleaded not guilty to sex crimes.
A third man pleaded not guilty, to sex crimes.
Mumbai, Maharashtra The ruling CPI has decided not to contest four Lok Sabha constituency seats in Maharashtra.
Mumbai, The CPI has decided to contest for all four Lok Sabha seats currently available in Maharashtra.
Mumbai, The CPI party has decided not to not contest the four Lok Sabha seats in Maharashtra.
Mumbai, The ruling CPI has decided not to contest four other Lok Sabha seats all in Maharashtra.
Mumbai, The CPI party has decided to not directly contest four Lok Sabha constituency seats in Maharashtra.
Twitter took the first major step forward, toward its IPO.
Twitter then took on the first step forward toward its IPO.
Twitter took up the very first step toward announcing its IPO.
Twitter then took the first step toward announcing of its IPO.
Twitter then took the very first step forward toward its IPO.
A young young girl was sexually assaulted.
A young girl who was sexually assaulted.
A young girl who was sexually assaulted.
A girl who was also sexually assaulted.
A girl who died was sexually assaulted.
Simon Cowell has since confessed the biggest regret was not managing enough money to officially sign the band Spice Girls.
Simon Cowell has confessed the biggest personal regret was for not managing enough to sign with the label Spice Girls.
Simon Cowell himself has since confessed the single biggest regrets was for not managing to sign the Spice Girls.
Simon - Cowell has confessed that the biggest regret was for not not managing to officially sign the Spice Girls.
Simon Simon Cowell himself has confessed that the biggest regret was not managing enough to sign with the Spice Girls.
A West German national was also deported after being found guilty of twice of child molestation.
A German national was also deported, after being later found not guilty of child molestation.
A further third German national was deported, again after being found guilty of child molestation.
A German national who died was deported after not being found guilty, of child molestation.
A German national was also deported after being later found guilty of an attempted child molestation.
Liberty Global plans to sell off almost as nearly all of all its content distribution division to AMC Networks.
Liberty Home Media Global plans now to sell nearly all of its content distribution division back to AMC Networks.
Liberty Global plans to eventually, permanently sell nearly, all of its content division back to AMC Networks.
Liberty Media Global plans now to sell off of nearly all of its content division to the AMC Networks.
Liberty Global also plans to - eventually sell nearly - all of its digital content division to AMC Networks.
Two females were injured after jumping off top of a steep rocky bluff into the Big River.
Two females were injured, after jumping herself off a bluff into the nearby Little Big River.
Two females also were injured, shortly after jumping off a bluff into the nearby Big River.
Two young females were injured after jumping off of a bluff and into the nearby Big River.
Two females were seriously injured after accidentally jumping on herself off a bluff into the Big River.
Rajasthan Royals The Rajasthan Royals were more than a a team.
Rajasthan Royals were more than just being considered a a team.
Rajasthan Royals were a little much more than a a team.
Rajasthan Royals were more than than a half of a team.
Rajasthan Royals, who were little more than a a team.
European Union party - leadership postponed attending the supper with Vladimir Putin.
European Union leadership has postponed even attending the supper with Vladimir Putin.
European Union leadership also postponed the last supper meeting with Vladimir Putin.
European Union Broadcasting Union leadership postponed the last supper with Vladimir Putin.
European Union leadership postponed attending the last family supper with Vladimir Putin.
A officer has since then also been indicted on voluntary manslaughter.
A local police officer has been indicted twice on voluntary manslaughter.
A officer who has not been indicted is on voluntary manslaughter.
A police officer has been falsely indicted on a voluntary manslaughter.
A officer has been successfully successfully indicted twice on voluntary manslaughter.
A road closed by a fallen live oak - tree has reopened.
A road - bridge closed off by a fallen tree has reopened.
A small road closed off by a fallen tree, has reopened.
A small road closed by and a fallen oak tree has reopened.
A road closed off by a very large fallen tree has reopened.
Manoj Kumari Bajpayee was forced to finally get out of his hospital bed early.
Manoj Bajpayee was also forced to physically get himself out of his hospital bed early.
Manoj Bajpayee was forced repeatedly to get himself out out of his hospital bed early.
Manoj Kumari Bajpayee was forced to not get out out of his bed early.
Manoj Bajpayee was forced to finally get out and out of his hospital bed early.
Thornton says Joliet was where she learned.
Thornton says only that Jolie was she learned.
Thornton says Jolie was what little she learned.
Thornton says that Joliet was she learned.
Thornton says that Jolie was what she learned.
Samuels L. Jackson performed a short slam poetry piece, Something about Boy Meets World.
Samuel L. Jackson Jackson also has performed a slam poetry piece, about Boy Meets World.
Samuel L. Jackson performed a short slam poetry piece, about how the Boy Meets World.
Samuele L. - Jackson also performed a slam - poetry piece about Boy Meets World.
Samuel L. Jackson Jackson performed in a slam poetry piece about the Boyz Meets World.
Ramdev was also later questioned at Heathrow Airport.
Ramdev was questioned once again at Heathrow Airport.
Ramdev was questioned once again at Heathrow Airport.
Ramdev was later questioned at London Heathrow Airport.
Ramdev Singh was questioned at London Heathrow Airport.
The film guest star Kaley Cuoco who is engaged to Ryan Sweeting.
The star Kaley Cuocozzi is engaged again to actor Ryan Sweeting.
The star, actress Kaley Cuoco is engaged again to Ryan Sweeting.
The star Kaleya Di Cuoco is currently engaged to Ryan Sweeting.
The star, Kaleyn Di Cuoco is engaged to Ryan Sweeting.
Leigh a advertising jingle writer, including on the celebrated radio hit Man of La Mancha, died.
Leigh a famous advertising jingle co - writer, the celebrated hit Man of La Mancha, died.
Leigh, a advertising jingle writer, who celebrated the hit Man of La La Mancha, died.
Leigh a advertising jingle writer, the now celebrated hit singer Manolo of La Mancha, died.
Leigh a advertising jingle writer, and who celebrated the hit Manchu of La Mancha, died.
Victims have right to not to be heard.
Victims have right not wanting to be heard.
Victims have a right not to be heard.
Victims have right not to not be heard.
Victims have a right to not be heard.
Matty Barnes is done well with teamwork.
Matt Barnes is done well, with teamwork.
Matt Barnes, is not done with teamwork.
Matty - Barnes is done with teamwork.
Matty - Barnes is done with teamwork.
IBM today introduced the NeXtScale / Linux Operating System.
IBM today has introduced the NeXtScale Linux Operating System.
IBM today has also introduced the IBM NeXtScale System.
IBM has also today introduced the NeXtScale Operating System.
IBM today has introduced only only the NeXtScale System.
A young woman was shot to death walking out on to a Central City street.
A woman who was shot to death while walking on a busy Central City street.
A woman, was found shot nearly to death on to a Central City street.
A woman was found dead and shot nearly to death on a Central City street.
A woman was shot to her death on to cross a Central Park City street.
He shall always always be glad when it's all all done and dusted.
He shall be so very glad when finally it's all done and dusted.
He shall be glad when finally, it's all all done and dusted.
He shall be very glad when it's all all been done and dusted.
He really shall not be glad when finally it's all done and dusted.
The Atlanta Knicks blew but held to a beat off the Pistons.
The Knicks almost blew up, but held to beat the Pistons.
The Atlanta Knicks blew but held on to and beat the Pistons.
The Knicks blew through but held to score and beat the Pistons.
The Atlanta Knicks blew but held on to and beat the Pistons.
A young Kona maniac has been charged with illegal meth trafficking.
A Kona man has been charged twice each year with meth trafficking.
A very young Kona man has been charged with illegal meth trafficking.
A Kona man has also been charged twice with illegal meth trafficking.
A Konak man has been charged twice with illegal meth trafficking.
New - Delhi, India Private sector output in India fell sharply in March.
New Delhi, Private sector output in India, also fell sharply in March.
New - Delhi, India Private sector output in South India fell in March.
New Delhi, Private - sector output in India, also fell in March.
New - Delhi, Private sector outputs in India, fell in March.
We have lost our last remaining Sunday child.
We have just about lost our Sunday child.
We may have lost you our Sunday child.
We may have lost our last Sunday child.
We may have lost you our Sunday child.
Matthew McConaughey has won the prestigious 2016 Golden Globe Golden Globe for best actor in a drama.
Matthew McConaughey, has won the Golden Golden Globe Award for best actor debut in a drama.
Matthew James McConaughey, who has won him the Golden Globe for best actor in a drama.
Matthew McConaughey has won him the 2015 Golden Globe Award for best actor in such a drama.
Matthew James McConaughey has won him the prestigious 2013 Golden Globe for best actor in a drama.
The long search for bodies is ending up in Lace - Megantic.
The search for the missing bodies is ending in Lace - Megantic.
The search party for all the bodies is ending in Lac - Megantic.
The search for the bodies is ending up in the Lac - Megantic.
The search for the bodies there is now ending in Lac - Megantic.
Serbia is safest place for investments.
Serbia, which is safe for investments.
Serbia, is safest for investments.
Serbia is the safest for investments.
Serbia is not safe place for investments.
A SERIOUS security design flaw continues not to affect many Mac OS computers.
A SERIOUS security flaw continues not only, to affect Mac OS computers.
A SERIOUS security flaw continues to affect Mac and z / OS computers.
A major SERIOUS security flaw continues not to affect the Mac OS computers.
A SERIOUS security flaw also continues to negatively affect many Mac OS computers.
An team composed of scientists have also identified potentially dangerous amounts of methamphetamine analog in developing the popular workout supplement Craze.
An team of scientists have also identified dangerous trace amounts of the methamphetamine analog in the workout of drug supplement Craze.
An team composed entirely of medical scientists have identified dangerous amounts of methamphetamine used as analog in the workout supplement Craze.
An team of six American health scientists, have identified dangerous amounts of methamphetamine as analog in the workout supplement Craze.
An team of scientists, have also recently identified dangerous amounts " of methamphetamine analog " in the workout supplement Craze.
AFC West champions Sudbury would seal a win to extend their run.
AFC Champions Sudbury would also seal a win to extend their run.
AFC Sudbury seal a win, to help them extend their run.
AFC champions Sudbury seal a home win to help extend their run.
AFC Sudbury would seal them a win to extend out their run.
Manama, in Bahrain deported a former US school teacher appears in outlets with Hezbollah links.
Manama, in 2009, Bahrain deported a US school teacher in outlets with Hezbollah links.
Manama, Bahrain, deported a US teacher in outlets allegedly dealing with alleged Hezbollah links.
Manama, in Bahrain deported as a US teacher, in media outlets with Hezbollah links.
Manama, Bahrain was deported as a US teacher, in outlets dealing with Hezbollah links.
Chimpanzees also love how to share food.
Chimpanzees love learning how to share food.
Chimpanzees love how not to share food.
Chimpanzees also love to help share food.
Chimpanzees also love how to share food.
Barack Obama said the US stands shoulder to shoulder with its ally, South - Korea in refusing NATO to fully fully accept such a highly nuclearized North Korea.
Barack - Obama said the US stands - up shoulder to shoulder with only its ally South - Korea in China refusing to accept a fully nuclearized North Korea.
Barack Obama said the US stands shoulder to the shoulder with its ally, the South Korea, in not refusing NATO to accept a nuclearized communist North Korea.
Barack - Obama Obama said the US stands shoulder - to shoulder with only its ally South - North Korea, in refusing to accept a nuclearized North Korea.
Barack Obama said the US stands - up shoulder - to shoulder with its former ally South Korea in refusing to accept a new nuclearized nation like North Korea.
Counting of the total postal votes have commenced.
Counting of the postal votes would have commenced.
Counting of postal votes would not have commenced.
Counting of postal preference for votes have commenced.
Counting of postal preference votes would have commenced.
Congressional staff delegations arrived first in Cairo.
Congressional staff delegations arrived first in Cairo.
Congressional delegations also also arrived in Cairo.
Congressional staff and delegations arrived in Cairo.
Congressional delegations had arrived first in Cairo.
A man who has died, after being accidentally crushed between two lorries.
A man who has just died, after being crushed between two lorries.
A man has died after being found and accidentally crushed between two lorries.
A man has died after being accidentally accidentally crushed in between two lorries.
A young young man has died after being accidentally crushed between two lorries.
Gujarat Police in their plain - clothes uniforms instigated the Muzaffarnagar riots.
Gujarat Police in plain clothes, instigated the 2011 Sheikh Muzaffarnagar riots.
Gujarat Police in plain clothes uniforms instigated by the 2011 Muzaffarnagar riots.
Gujarati State Police in plain - clothes instigated the Muzaffarnagar riots.
Gujarat Police in plain black clothes were instigated by the Muzaffarnagar riots.
South Korea logged a trade surplus annually for about the 17th month ending trading in June.
South Korea logged a trade deficit and surpluses for the 17th month ending in June.
South - South Korea logged a trade surpluses for the entire 17th month in June.
South - Korea had logged a trade - surplus for the entire 17th month in June.
South Korea logged in a trade surplus for the 17th - consecutive fiscal month in June.
But who else is taking any more selfies.
But someone who is really taking more selfies.
But look who is taking any more selfies.
But look who is taking any more selfies.
But look at who is taking more selfies.
Japan and North Korea, both have since agreed to resume government talks.
Japan and North Korea both have since agreed not to resume government talks.
Japan, and later North Korea, have agreed to resume government talks.
Japan, and later North Korea have also agreed to resume government talks.
Japan and North Korea however have since agreed to resume joint government talks.
The Zambia national team team will arrive in Kumasi later this afternoon.
The Zambia national team will also arrive in nearby Kumasi this afternoon.
The Zambia team will also arrive back in the Kumasi this afternoon.
The Zambia team members will also arrive in the Kumasi this afternoon.
The Zambia team members will arrive back in Kumasi later this afternoon.
A Murrells Bay Inlet man, was also sentenced, after pleading guilty to the solicitation of a minor.
A Murrells Inlet homeless man was sentenced after pleading guilty to not to solicitation services of such a minor.
A Murrells Inlet maniac was sentenced, after initially pleading not guilty to solicitation, of a minor.
A single former Murrells Inlet area homeless man was sentenced, after pleading guilty to solicitation of a minor.
A Murrells Inlet man was also later sentenced after pleading not guilty not to solicitation of killing a minor.
Cardiff are set to beat Arsenal and also lead Tottenham to the signings of Toulouse youth star, Etienne Capoue.
Cardiff are also set to easily beat Arsenal and Tottenham to the signing of Toulouse FC'youth star Etienne Capoue.
Cardiff City FC are set to beat Arsenal and Tottenham due to the signings of Toulouse youth star Etienne Capoue.
Cardiff are set to easily beat Arsenal, Chelsea and Tottenham to the late signings of Toulouse star Etienne Capoue.
Cardiff are set to beat Arsenal and Tottenham to the late signings of former Toulouse youth star, Etienne Capoue.
Exercise can also help elderly and women cope with cognitive impairment.
Exercise can help elderly pregnant women with developing a cognitive impairment.
Exercises can also help elderly women cope with cognitive impairment.
Exercises can help some elderly women cope with cognitive impairment.
Exercises can help treat elderly women diagnosed with cognitive impairment.
The 2006 Washington State Nationals'd promoted pitcher Mike Rizzo.
The 2006 season Washington Nationals'dynamite promoted Mike Rizzo.
The 2006 season Washington Nationals'd promoted manager Mike Rizzo.
The new Washington Nationals who'd promoted him Mike Rizzo.
The Washington Nationals'dynamite - man promoted Mike Rizzo.
MasterCard today announced as a grant grant to Weill Cornell University Medical College.
MasterCard has today announced a research grant to Weill Cornell University Medical College.
MasterCard today announced a research grant to Kurt Weill Cornell University Medical College.
MasterCard today has announced a grant to revive Weill from Cornell Medical College.
MasterCard today announced a grant to Weill from the nearby Cornell Medical College.
Dealerdisclosure. com, has also launched a new motor vehicle research tool.
Dealerdisclosure. com has launched as a new online motor vehicle research tool.
Dealerdisclosure.. com has recently also launched a new vehicle research tool.
Dealerdisclosure. com, has launched a new online motor vehicle research tool.
Dealerdisclosure. com has launched as a new brand new vehicle research tool.
Russ Kassoff Band will also appear at and perform at this particular Sunday's fund raiser.
Russel Kassoff will also appear and perform live at this following Sunday's fund raiser.
Russ Kassoff Band will appear, and perform live at midnight this Sunday's fund raiser.
Russel Kassoff will also appear and perform it live at this Sunday's fund raiser.
Russ Kassoff will appear, and will perform live at, this Sunday's fund raiser.
A Snohomish County county jail deputy is facing such of a charge.
A Snohomish - County - county jail deputy is facing a charge.
A Snohomish County jail chief deputy is not facing such a charge.
A Snohomish County jail chief deputy sheriff, is facing a charge.
A Snohomish County jail deputy or sheriff is facing such a charge.
Don Lemon's gon'na get the first Uncle Tom Tom award.
Don Lemon's son gon na get him the first Uncle Tom award.
Don Lemon's gon'nat get the first Uncle Tom award.
Don Lemon's son gon nan get the Uncle Tom Tom award.
Don Lemon's gon nan get the first Uncle Tom Tom award.
More of than 200 miners not involved were reported trapped.
More more than a 200 miners were also reported trapped.
More than a 200 miners involved were also reported trapped.
More than 200 coal - miners also were reported trapped.
More than a 200 miners were also also reported trapped.
Hamid Karzai, has also, also said the 12 years of war were imposed on Afghans.
Hamid Khan - Karzai has said the 12 years of war sanctions were imposed hard on Afghans.
Hamid Karzai, has also said the 12 years worth of war were imposed hard on Afghans.
Hamid Khan Karzai, has said the first 12 million years of war were imposed on Afghans.
Hamid Karzai has also publicly said the 12 years worth of civil war were imposed on Afghans.
Alessandro del Piero has also committed to play for the AX - League Melbourne City All Stars in their matchup against his own former club.
Alessandro del Piero has since committed himself to also play football playing for the A - League All Stars in their match against his own former club.
Alessandro del Piero has committed to play again for the Australian club A - League All Stars, in their upcoming matchup against his former club.
Alessandro Andrea del Piero has committed himself once again to play for the A - League All Stars side, in their match against his former club.
Alessandro del Piero, has been also committed to play once again for the A - League All Stars in their match against, his former club.
The Chicago Chicago Fire dismissed Klopas as their head coach.
The Chicago Fire then dismissed Klopaski as head coach.
The Fire immediately officially dismissed Klopaski as head coach.
The Chicago Fire immediately dismissed Klopas as their head coach.
The Fire Department immediately dismissed Klopaski as head coach.
Brockham Fiduciary Services also hosted a panel.
Brock Fiduciary Services also has hosted a panel.
Brock Fiduciary Care Services hosted as a panel.
Brockley Fiduciary Services hosted as a panel.
Brockham Fiduciary Services also hosted a panel.
Pakistan elected Pakistani businessman Mamnoon Hussain as its and its president.
Pakistan has elected Pakistani businessman Mamnoon Islam Hussain as its president.
Pakistan elected businessman, Mamnoon Hussain as its and its president.
Pakistan elected businessman Mamnoon Islami Hussain as its its president.
Pakistan elected Pakistani businessman Mamnoon Hussain as its and its president.
Irv & Gotti will be relaunching Murder, Inc Records under Murder The Visionary, a new company.
Irv Gotti will also announced be the relaunching of Murder Inc Records under Visionary, a new company.
Irv & Gotti will also be relaunching Murder Inc Records under The Visionary, as a new company.
Irv Gottik will be relaunching of the Murder Inc. Records under Visionary, a new company.
Irv Gotti will be currently relaunching Murder Inc Records under The Visionary, a brand brand new company.
The average vacancy rate for such a strip mall has improved slightly.
The high vacancy rate expected for such a strip mall improved slightly.
The vacancy rate for such a large strip - mall improved slightly.
The average vacancy rate for such a strip mall has improved slightly.
The vacancy rate rate used for a new strip mall improved slightly.
Sharad Pawar launched a scathing attack on what the prime ministerial election candidate Narendranath Modi calling mentally ill.
Sharad Pawar launched a scathing public press attack, calling on prime ministerial minister Narendra Modi calling mentally ill.
Sharad Singh Pawar launched a scathing verbal attack on former Indian prime ministerial Narendra Modi calling him mentally ill.
Sharad Singh Pawar launched a scathing attack on former prime vice - ministerial Narendranath Modi calling mentally ill.
Sharad Pawar launched a scathing press attack on prime minister - prime - ministerial Narendra Modi calling mentally ill.
BJP would win elections and Congress would arrange its support in an order to help form government in Odisha.
BJP would win elections and they would also arrange government support in order to help form government in Odisha.
BJP would eventually eventually win and would arrange support in Odisha getting the order to form government in Odisha.
BJP leaders would win elections and Congress party leaders would arrange support in order to form government in Odisha.
BJP would win and the Congress would arrange its support in an order to help form government in Odisha.
A Westlake man who is accused of 4th degree criminal offense DWI.
A very young Westlake man is accused of 4th degree offense DWI.
A Westlake family and business man is accused of 4th offense DWI.
A Westlake man is falsely accused of the 4th degree offense DWI.
A young Westlake man is accused of 4th degree criminal offense DWI.
Four Dover police officers were injured while trying unsuccessfully not getting to arrest.
Four Dover police department officers, were injured, while trying to arrest.
Four Dover Township police department officers, were injured while trying to arrest.
Four Dover police department officers were injured, while unsuccessfully trying to arrest.
Four West Dover police officers were injured, while trying unsuccessfully to arrest.
Brandeaux is to eventually wind up six hundred percent of its funds.
Brandeaux is to only wind up about six percent of its funds.
Brandeaux is to wind up six percent ownership of all its funds.
Brandeaux is to eventually eventually wind up six of all its funds.
Brandeaux Capital is to wind up six hundred percent of its funds.
The Republican - leaning Progressive Party is winning back the senior crowd.
The local Young Republican Youth Party is winning back the senior crowd.
The Republican Party candidate is winning out back to the senior crowd.
The local Republican Party is winning back control over the senior crowd.
The Republican Party is winning out trying to back the senior crowd.
Jackson County lost 1, 400 county jobs in late - late January, mostly due to seasonal job cuts.
Jackson Hole County lost 1, 000 400 small county jobs in January, mostly due to seasonal job cuts.
Jackson Hole County lost 1, 400 jobs statewide in January, mostly due largely to the seasonal job cuts.
Jackson County lost 1, 400 small county jobs in late January, mostly due largely to seasonal job cuts.
Jackson County lost 1, 000 to 400 jobs in late January, mostly due largely to seasonal job cuts.
Jason Kidd pleaded to a possible drunken driving - related assault charge, and agreed to speak to students.
Jason Kidd later pleaded to a drunken driving related charge and agreed not to not speak directly to students.
Jason Kidd later pleaded to a drunken driving charge and later he agreed not to speak directly to students.
Jason Kidd pleaded guilty trying to avoid a drunken - driving charge and agreed not to speak to students.
Jason Kidd later pleaded guilty to dismiss a drunken driving related charge and later agreed to speak to students.
The European Film of the award year will be being announced twice annually in Berlin.
The Best First European Film of the Year award will also be announced in Berlin.
The 2015 European Best Film of the Year award ceremony will be announced in Berlin.
The European Film of the Year award will now also be being announced in Berlin.
The European Filmmaker of the Year award will be announced twice annually in Berlin.
Joe Sosnowski will also host two mandatory concealed carry firearms certification classes.
Joe and Sosnowski will also host two concealed carry safety certification classes.
Joe Sosnowski will also host two concealed concealed - carry certification classes.
Joe Sosnowski Memorial Stadium will host two concealed carry safety certification classes.
Joe Joe Sosnowski Stadium also will host two concealed carry certification classes.
The death may also also be gang related.
The immediate resulting death may be gang related.
The death toll may also be gang related.
The actual death toll may be gang related.
The death may be also considered gang related.
Sanitary workers took time - out a rally.
Sanitary workers took out at least a rally.
Sanitary workers there also took out a rally.
Sanitary construction workers also took out a rally.
Sanitary workers took out at least a rally.
The Catholic Syrian Bishops have appealed for prayers specifically for Egypt and Syria.
The Catholic Bishops have also appealed for prayers for Egypt, and Syria.
The Bishops themselves have appealed for prayers for both in Egypt and Syria.
The Bishops have also appealed for Sunday prayers for Egypt, and Syria.
The Bishops Conference have appealed again for Sunday prayers for Egypt and Syria.
Pepe Mel questioned the first two penalty decisions.
Pepe and Big Mel questioned two penalty decisions.
Pepe Melo questioned the two penalty decisions.
Pepe and Big Mel questioned two penalty decisions.
Pepe Mel questioned two possible death penalty decisions.
Courts should not restrain and not resist Congress from usurping the executive powers of the executive.
Courts should restrain and resist Congress from usurping the powers of almost all of the executive.
Courts should restrain and resist from ever usurping of all the powers of all the executive.
Courts should not restrain and not resist Congress from usurping the powers of all the executive.
Courts should restrain and resist anyone from usurping the powers of government all except the executive.
Index of German business and public confidence rose.
Indexes of German business and confidence rose.
Index of German business and public confidence rose.
Index of the German government business confidence rose.
Indexes of German foreign business confidence rose.
Farrah Abraham is filming for the VH1's Super Couples in Therapy despite not being single.
Farrah Abrahams is currently filming scenes exclusively for VH1's Couples Therapy despite being single.
Farrah - Abraham is filming scenes for the show VH1's Couples Therapy despite being single.
Farrah - Abraham is filming for some scenes for VH1's Couples Therapy despite being single.
Farrah Abraham is currently filming for the VH1's Couples Therapy despite her not being single.
Qatar Exchange plans but are not to start trade as usual, a news source told.
Qatar Exchange plans to immediately officially start trade as follows per usual, a source told.
Qatar Stock Exchange plans not to start trade as usual, as a news source told.
Qatar Stock - Exchange plans to immediately start trade as usual, " a source told.
Qatar Exchange has plans not to start to resume trade as usual, a source told.
Cara Delevingne, is not done with boys.
Cara - Delevingne is not done with boys.
Cara Delevingne, is done playing with boys.
Cara Delevingne is now done playing with boys.
Cara - Delevingne it is done with boys.
Huawei expects to invest capital to move its regional headquarters operations from Brazil and back to Argentina.
Huawei expects it to also invest to move its regional headquarters back home from Brazil to Argentina.
Huawei expects to invest heavily to help it move its regional headquarters from Brazil back to Argentina.
Huawei expects to invest to help move all its regional and corporate headquarters from Brazil to Argentina.
Huawei also expects to invest to move all its global regional corporate headquarters from Brazil to Argentina.
The Great Oceanic Regional Rail Road will be closed.
The Great South Oceanic Road Bridge will be closed.
The Great Oceanic Rail Road will also be closed.
The entire North Great Oceanic Road will be closed.
The old Great Southern Ocean Road will also be closed.
Route # 218A has been temporarily closed due to the storm.
Route 218A has been closed recently due to fighting the storm.
Route 218 has been closed, due largely due to the storm.
Route # 218A also has been closed due to the storm.
Route # 218 has been closed due largely to fighting the storm.
Cambodia has postponed its two joint military training programs with Australia.
Cambodia has postponed both its first two military programs with Australia.
Cambodia has also temporarily postponed two military exchange programs with Australia.
Cambodia has also postponed two military programs, along with Australia.
Cambodia has postponed its two joint military training programs with Australia.
Saudis also are using religion as just as a screen.
Saudis also, are using religion itself as a screen.
Saudis are now using their own religion as a screen.
Saudis are using the religion in itself as a screen.
Saudis however are now using religion itself as a screen.
Authority officials outside of Hainan Province issued a red - alert on a Monday as Typhoon Typhoon Nari approaches.
Authority officials outside of Hainan Long Island Province issued a red alert on a Monday as Typhoon Nari approaches.
Authority of the Hainan Province issued a second red alert on Monday morning as Tropical Depression Typhoon Nari approaches.
Authority officials of Hainan Province issued a red - alert early on Monday morning as Super Typhoon Nari approaches.
Authority of Typhoon the Great Hainan Province issued a second red alert on Monday as Tropical Typhoon Nari approaches.
A separate Pakistani special - judicial commission left for India to cross - examine.
A Pakistani judicial commission left for India, to conduct further cross - examine.
A Pakistani judicial commission left Pakistan for India, to cross re - examine.
A Pakistani judicial commission left India for the South India to cross - examine.
A Pakistani judicial commission was left for the South India to cross - examine.
A project he called Habitat for Heroes kicked it off with it being a groundbreaking.
A new project he called Habitat for Heroes kicked it off, with a groundbreaking.
A project called A Habitat for the Heroes was kicked off with only a groundbreaking.
A project called A Habitat for Heroes kicked off, along with having a groundbreaking.
A project, called Habitat School for the Heroes kicked it off with a groundbreaking.
The Nationalist Congress Party has become untouchable.
The Continental Congress has now become untouchable.
The Second Continental Congress has become untouchable.
The Second Continental Congress has become untouchable.
The Continental Congress has now become untouchable.
Martino Petrov has since returned to the CSKA Sofia.
Martin Petrovich has returned to the club CSKA Sofia.
Martino Petrović, has returned to CSKA Sofia.
Martino Petrov has returned to manage the CSKA Sofia.
Martino Petrov has returned home again to CSKA Sofia.
The Congressmen had levelled false charges hit below in the belt.
The Congress levelled the false charges and hit below in the belt.
The Congress had also levelled false charges hit below in the belt.
The Congressmen who had levelled false charges hit below the belt.
The Congress levelled the false criminal charges and hit below the belt.
A Bristol police man is facing charges after admitting he was punched and then held a kitchen knife to her throat.
A young Bristol man is facing charges after he punched at her and held a knife up close to her throat.
A Bristol man is seen briefly facing charges after he punched and held up a kitchen knife knife to her throat.
A Bristol man is facing charges after he was punched and held up a kitchen knife knife close to her throat.
A Bristol man who is facing murder charges after he punched and held a knife up close to cut her throat.
Ken Norton who fought, but he has died.
Ken Norton who has never fought, has died.
Ken Norton, who fought, but has died.
Ken Norton who has fought, and has died.
Ken Norton, who also fought, has died.
Palestinian presidency reiterated callings for finding a peaceful political solution to resolve the political crisis occurring in Syria.
Palestinian presidency reiterated calling for finding a political political solution solution to help solve the crisis situation in Syria.
Palestinian Authority presidency later reiterated its statement calling for finding a peaceful political solution to the crisis in Syria.
Palestinian presidency reiterated its callings for finding out a political alternative solution to the crisis situation in Syria.
Palestinian presidency reiterated calling for and finding ways of a peaceful political dialogue solution to the crisis in Syria.
Seven or more teams have also clinched District 11A playoff berths.
Seven more teams have since clinched the District - 11 playoff berths.
Seven more expansion teams have since also clinched District 11 playoff berths.
Seven more teams would have clinched the remaining District 11 playoff berths.
Seven more teams would have also clinched District - 11 playoff berths.
The body was later found buried inside a police patrol vehicle in the Inner Mission.
The body was found dead inside a police or police vehicle in the Inner Mission.
The body was also later found buried inside a vehicle in nearby the Inner Mission.
The body was later found buried inside a vehicle parked in the nearby Inner Mission.
The body itself was later found inside a police police vehicle in the Inner Mission.
Former US Vice President Jimmy Carter Carter is scheduled to also speak at Bainbridge Island State College.
Former US Senate Vice President Jimmy Carter is scheduled to speak at the Bainbridge Island State College.
Former then - US President, Jimmy Carter, is scheduled to speak at Bainbridge State College.
Former then - US President Jimmy Carter is also scheduled to personally speak at Bainbridge State College.
Former - US President Jimmy Carter is now also scheduled to also speak at Bainbridge State College.
The Pittsburgh Pirates will not be after arbitration placing both Starling and Marte on the disabled list.
The Pittsburgh County Pirates will be after arbitration placing Starling and Marte back on the disabled list.
The Pittsburgh Pirates will not now be after placing Starling Marte on the designated / disabled list.
The 2018 Pittsburgh Pirates will be promoted after placing Starling Marte back down on the disabled list.
The 2018 Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Pirates will be after placing pitcher Starling Marte on the designated disabled list.
Hassan Rouhani urged the world - powers holding on to Iraq to not miss the exceptional opportunity.
Hassan Rouhani urged that all the world powers holding to power not to miss the exceptional opportunity.
Hassan and Rouhani urged the world powers holding to not miss the very next, exceptional opportunity.
Hassan and Rouhani urged the world powers holding to in Iraq to not miss the exceptional opportunity.
Hassan Rouhani urged the world - leading powers holding to Iraq not to miss the exceptional opportunity.
Pakistani National Liberation Army today has violated the ceasefire by firing on the forward areas.
Pakistani Army soldiers today violated all the previous ceasefire by repeatedly firing on forward areas.
Pakistani National Army today violated the only previous ceasefire by firing on the forward areas.
Pakistani Army has today violated the ceasefire by firing down its missiles on forward areas.
Pakistani Army today violated the only previous ceasefire by not repeatedly firing on forward areas.
Ugandan sugar cane producers, are also facing rising stockpiles.
Ugandan sugar producers, are facing rapidly - rising stockpiles.
Ugandan palm and sugar producers are also facing rising stockpiles.
Ugandan sugar producers are now also increasingly facing rising stockpiles.
Ugandan sugar producers are also facing a rapidly rising stockpiles.
GetUSales, has also also recently released an informative online blog Marketing automation statistics PROVE it! - You should not believe the hype.
GetUSales, has released an informative blog Marketing automation and statistics PROVE - it is you - all You should not believe the hype.
GetUSales, has also released an online informative marketing blog. Marketing automation and statistics PROVE it - You really should believe the hype.
GetUSales, has also released as an online informative blog Marketing automation and statistics PROVE it - You really should not believe the hype.
GetUSales, has released an online online informative news blog Marketing automation and statistics PROVE - it - You should believe in the hype.
A survey has been also revealed 38 % of American women would say it doesn't matter how much money that wears their engagement ring costs.
A recent survey survey has revealed 38 % % of American women say it doesn't matter how very much money their new engagement ring costs.
A survey has been also revealed 38 % percent of women will say it doesn't really matter how much money that their engagement ring costs.
A survey has revealed 388 % of women who say it simply doesn't really matter just how much money that their engagement ring costs.
A recent national survey has revealed 38 % of women who say it doesn't matter, just how very much money their engagement ring costs.
South Central Florida and communities throughout the state led in foreclosure activity.
South Central Florida and the state led investigations in the foreclosure activity.
South Florida and the state led efforts in the resulting foreclosure activity.
South Florida and the surrounding state also led in the foreclosure activity.
South Central Florida, and the entire state led in foreclosure activity.
Kunming, Chinese swimming world champion Sun Yang arrived to help him resume training.
Kunming, Chinese Olympic freestyle swimming champion Sun Yang arrived to help resume training.
Kunming, Chinese swimming world champion Sun Yang, arrived early to resume training.
Kunming, Chinese Olympic swimming champion, and Sun Yang arrived to resume training.
Kunming, Chinese swimming champion, Sun, and Yang arrived to resume training.
Wrestlers who will also will look to extend their seasons.
Wrestlers will look to this help further extend their seasons.
Wrestlers will look to extend out of between their seasons.
Wrestlers will often also look to greatly extend their seasons.
Wrestlers also will look to help further extend their seasons.
Nicole Scherzinger herself has denied she was too drunk during her judging The X Factor.
Nicolette - Scherzinger has denied she was drunk once during judging The X Factor.
Nicole Scherzinger has denied that she was very drunk during The Australian The X Factor.
Nicolette Scherzinger has repeatedly denied she was drunk during judging on The X Factor.
Nicole Scherzinger herself has denied she was drunk during judging for The German X Factor.
Manchester United legend Eric Cantona, who never has been found, being arrested for assault.
Manchester United and England football legend Eric Cantona has found, being later arrested for assault.
Manchester Manchester City United footballing legend Eric Cantona has found, being arrested for assault.
Manchester United legend Eric Eric Eric Cantona has found, being later on arrested for assault.
Manchester City United football legend, Eric Cantona has found, after being arrested for assault.
David David Cameron paid a visit to the British Army troops in Afghanistan.
David Cameron paid for him on a visit to British troops in Afghanistan.
David David Cameron paid a visit from there to British troops in Afghanistan.
David Cameron paid a visit to British Army troops still stationed in Afghanistan.
David David Cameron paid him a visit there to British troops in Afghanistan.
Josep Maria Bartomeu has revealed Lionello Bel Messi he will not sign a new deal.
Josep Maria Maria - Bartomeu has also revealed Lionel Messiaen will sign a new deal.
Josep Maria - José Bartomeu has also been revealed Lionel Messi will sign a new deal.
Josep Maria Bartomeu has revealed publicly that Lionel Messick will not sign a new deal.
Josep Maria Bartomeu has also also revealed Lionel Messi also will sign a brand new deal.
New Delhi, British India. A woman who committed suicide by jumping in front of on a metro train.
New Delhi, A young woman committed a mass suicide by jumping in the front of boarding a metro train.
New New Delhi, A woman committed suicide by jumping off in the front of boarding a Delhi metro train.
New - Delhi, A young woman, who committed suicide by jumping in front of on a metro train.
New City Delhi, A woman who has committed suicide by jumping off in front of a Delhi metro train.
Zimbabwe needs US $ US $ 4 billion.
Zimbabwe currently only needs US $ 4 billion.
Zimbabwe needs about US $ $ 4 billion.
Zimbabwe needs about US $ $ 4 billion.
Zimbabwe currently only needs US $ 4 billion.
Tiger River Copper Resources aims for taking early dividends from funding its Kipoi copper project.
Tiger Resources aims for also taking early dividends from its recently proposed Kipoi copper project.
Tiger Resources Limited aims mainly for early dividends, arising from its Kipoi copper project.
Tiger Resources aims out mainly for early cash dividends from its Kipoi mine copper project.
Tiger Resources aims for the early investment dividends coming in from its Kipoi copper project.
Gary E Barlow will also release yet a new solo album.
Gary Barlow will release a brand new solo and solo album.
Gary E. Barlow will also release a new solo album.
Gary E Barlow will now also release a new solo album.
Gary Barlow will not release yet a brand new solo album.
Fleetwood Mac have announced their upcoming UK tour dates with Christine Mcvie.
Fleetwood - Mac members have announced their upcoming tour with Christine Mcvie.
Fleetwood - Mac have also announced their upcoming tour with Christine Mcvie.
Fleetwood - Mac have announced their tour with American singer Christine Mcvie.
Fleetwood Mac also, may have announced their tour with Christine Mcvie.
Shaw Industries Limited, is now exiting the area rug business.
Shawbridge Industries is exiting operations from the area rug business.
Shawano Industries Corporation is exiting from the area rug business.
Shaw Industries is now exiting the entire Chicago area rug business.
Shawano Heavy Industries is exiting the area of rug business.
US forces also conducted two major bombing raids in Africa.
US air forces conducted two major bombing raids in Africa.
US ground forces conducted two raids, while in Africa.
US ground forces conducted only the two raids in Africa.
US ground combat forces conducted two air raids in Africa.
An American American American Eagle International Airlines plane made an emergency emergency landing in the Turks & Caicos Islands.
An American Airlines American Eagle Airlines plane made an emergency emergency landing in the nearby Turks & Caicos Islands.
An American Airlines passenger plane made available for them an emergency landing in the Turks & North Caicos Islands.
An American Eagle Airlines plane made for an emergency emergency emergency landing landing in the Turks & Caicos Islands.
An unidentified American Airlines plane had just made an emergency landing - in near the Turks & Caicos Islands.
The Pirates have extended the contracts of Neal Huntington, Nolan Ryan and teammate Clint Hurdle.
The Pirates have extended the contracts, ahead of Neale, Huntington and Clint Hurdle.
The Pirates have also more recently extended both the contracts of Neal Huntington and Clint Hurdle.
The Pirates have extended the contract contracts ahead of both Neal Huntington and pitcher Clint Hurdle.
The Pirates have also extended the contracts ahead of pitchers Neal Huntington, and Clint Hurdle.
The severity scale of sleep - apnea can help to predict the aggressiveness of melanoma.
The increased severity of sleep apneas can help predict the increased aggressiveness of melanoma.
The severity of the acute sleep apneas can predict for the aggressiveness of melanoma.
The severity scale model of sleep apnea can predict for the increased aggressiveness of melanoma.
The very high severity scale of sleep apnea can help predict the aggressiveness of melanoma.
Zakir Garalov has met him regularly with chairman of Russian Investigative and Action Committee Alexander Bastrykin.
Zakir Garalovsky has met regularly with chairman of Russian Criminal Investigative Committee, Alexander Bastrykin.
Zakir Garalov has also met with the chairman of the Russian Investigative Action Committee Alexander Bastrykin.
Zakir Garalov has met with the chairman of Russian Investigative Action Advisory Committee, Alexander Bastrykin.
Zakir Garalov has also met with the chairman of the Russian Investigative Action Committee Alexander Bastrykin.
The new ruling Egyptian military government has frozen the assets of 572 former Muslim Brotherhood leaders.
The Egyptian government has frozen the financial and assets of over $ 572 Muslim Brotherhood leaders.
The new Egyptian government has reportedly also frozen the financial assets of 572 Muslim Brotherhood leaders.
The Egyptian federal government has frozen the assets assets of 572 former Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood leaders.
The Egyptian government reportedly has frozen the assets assets of 572 Muslim - Muslim Brotherhood leaders.
Charlie and Charlie the Sheen also has blasted reports suggesting he was partying with Zac Efron.
Charlie the Green Sheen has blasted media reports suggesting he was partying with rapper Zac Efron.
Charlie Sheen, also has made some blasted reports suggesting he was partying with Zac Efron.
Charlie the Sheen has blasted reports suggesting him that he was partying together with Zac Efron.
Charlie Sheen also has blasted reports, suggesting he once was seen partying with Zac Efron.
Tom Cruise now has Top Gun 2 even more firmly in his sights.
Tom Tom Cruise now has Top of Gun 2 firmly in his sights.
Tom Cruise has the movie Top Gun 2 firmly planted in his sights.
Tom Cruise has Top of Gun 2 firmly in place in his sights.
Tom Cruise has Top of the World Gun 2 firmly in his sights.
Dozens more of armed Libyan militiamen briefly again blocked the main entrance to the central bank.
Dozens of Libyan Arab nationalist militiamen also reportedly briefly blocked the entrance to the central bank.
Dozens thousands worth of Libyan militiamen briefly blocked the main main entrance to the central bank.
Dozens more groups of armed Libyan militiamen briefly blocked the main entrance to the central bank.
Dozens of Libyan militiamen briefly temporarily temporarily blocked the entrance to help reach the central bank.
Royal baby Louis has since been officially named George Alexander Louis.
Royal baby has been officially named after George Louis Alexander Louis.
Royal Axe baby has been born named George Alexander Louis.
Royal born baby has been named George Alexander Louis Alexander Louis.
Royal baby Louis has also been born named George Alexander Louis.
Audit and fees rose, but then things eased a bit in relation only to revenue.
Audit and fees also rose, but eased a little bit, in relation to revenue.
Audit and fees rose, but eased a little bit further in its relation to revenue.
Audit and fees rose, but eased a little bit, in relation only to revenue.
Audit fees also rose, but they were eased down a bit in relation to revenue.
Ng, and former drug - dealer testified separately at the cheating trial.
Ng, and former drug dealer testified at the both the cheating trial.
Ng, and former convicted drug dealer, testified at the cheating trial.
Ng, Ng and former dealer testified together separately at the cheating trial.
Ng, and former drug dealer, also testified at the cheating trial.
Gordon Strachan also hints that Darren Fletcher, may be very close to a return.
Gordon Strachan hints that Darren Fletcher himself may be close enough to making a return.
Gordon, while Strachan hints that Darren Fletcher may not be close to a return.
Gordon - Strachan hints Darren Fletcher who may be close to making such a return.
Gordon Strachan hints Darren that Fletcher Lane may be very close to making a return.
Google has purchased as its fifth Israeli technology company, called the SlickLogin.
Google Israel has purchased its fifth largest Israeli software company, the SlickLogin.
Google Ventures has purchased its fifth largest Israeli company, called the SlickLogin.
Google has also purchased as its fifth largest Israeli company, the SlickLogin.
Google has purchased its fifth Israeli computer software development company, the SlickLogin.
Voting began again in November 2008 the Hyogo Prefecture gubernatorial election.
Voting began immediately in the 2005 Hyogo Prefecture 2005 gubernatorial election.
Voting began in for the 2005 Hyogo Prefecture 2005 gubernatorial election.
Voting began immediately in the Hyogo Kyoto Prefecture 2005 gubernatorial election.
Voting began again in 2008 the 2008 Hyogo Prefecture gubernatorial election.
The militant Pakistani Taliban security forces have stepped up attacks on border posts.
The Pakistani Taliban may have stepped - up attacks directly on border posts.
The militant Pakistani Taliban Taliban have stepped up attacks on the border posts.
The Pakistani and Taliban have stepped up attacks directly and on border posts.
The militant Pakistani Taliban have also stepped up attacks on the border posts.
The by then world's largest company Procter Brothers & Gamble has merged India, the Middle East and Africa into the one IMEA - core region to remove barriers and improve the execution.
The world's company Procter Brothers & Gamble, has merged India, the entire Middle East, and Africa into one IMEA - core trading region, to remove and improve the execution.
The world's largest pharmaceutical company, Procter & Co Gamble has also merged India, the Middle East and Africa into one single IMEA core region to remove and further improve the execution.
The world's company Procter & Co Gamble has also merged India, and the Middle - East, and Africa into one IMEA region to remove barriers and to improve on the execution.
The world's company, Procter Brothers & Co Gamble, has merged India, the Middle - East and Africa regions into one IMEA region to remove and further to improve the execution.
A young Des Plaines man has also been falsely charged with harassing by a witness.
A young Des Plaines police man has been charged with harassing of by a witness.
A Des Plaines black man has been charged twice with sexually harassing by a witness.
A Des Moines Plaines man has been charged twice with harassing relatives of a witness.
A Des Plaines man has been found falsely falsely charged and with harassing a witness.
The new generation Nissan Micra will return home to Canada.
The new Nissan Micra will not yet return to Canada.
The Nissan - Micra team will not return to Canada.
The Nissan Micra will not return home yet to Canada.
The new Nissan Micra Racing team will return to Canada.
Ray Parker Jr. received both his star and star on the Hollywood Walkway of Fame.
Ray Parker Jr. received his very very own star on the North Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Ray Ray Parker Jr. received his own star star star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Ray Ray Parker, Jr. received his star star on the Hollywood Reporter Walk of Fame.
Ray Parker, Billy Jr., received his star on to the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Wellmont Health and Care System is holding a drug - abuse conference.
Wellmont Mental Health System is holding up a drug - abuse conference.
Wellmont Health Care System also is holding up a drug abuse conference.
Wellmont Health System is also holding - up a drug abuse conference.
Wellmont Health and Care Health System is holding a drug abuse conference.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli but has decided not to officially officially retire at age 28.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has decided to retire, at about the age age 28.
Wimbledon champion, Marion Bartoli, has decided to retire, retiring at age 28.
Wimbledon champion Marionette Bartoli has decided to officially retire, at the age 28.
Wimbledon champion, Marion Bartoli has since then decided to officially retire at age 28.
A man was hit and killed by hitting on an approaching Amtrak passenger train in Greensboro.
A man living nearby nearby was hit and killed accidentally by an Amtrak train in Greensboro.
A young man was reportedly hit twice and killed by an Amtrak train car in Greensboro.
A man nearby was hit and nearly killed, by an Amtrak train car in Greensboro.
A man nearby was also hit and was killed by an Amtrak train car in Greensboro.
David Moyes also publicly stated insists the club will push Adnan Januzaj.
David Moyes also publicly insists the football club will push Adnan Januzaj.
David Moyes insists, however that the club will push Adnan Januzaj.
David Moyes insists the club will push for new goalkeeper Adnan Januzaj.
David Moyes also insists the football - club will push Adnan Januzaj.
Nemanja - Vidic has urged Wayne - Rooney to not only stay at Manchester United.
Nemanja - Ivan Vidic has also repeatedly urged Wayne Rooney to stay at Manchester United.
Nemanja Vidic has also urged Wayne Rooney to stay at at least the Manchester United.
Nemanja - Ivan Vidic has urged Wayne Rooney to not stay at rivals Manchester United.
Nemanja - Vidic has urged Wayne Rooney to not only stay at " Manchester United.
China hopes today to see a united, politically stable, developing and mutually - amicable Afghanistan.
China hopes today to see a united, politically stable, and rapidly developing and amicable Afghanistan.
China hopes to finally see such a more fully united, stable, developing and amicable Afghanistan.
China hopes to see a more united, and more stable, developing, and amicable Afghanistan.
China also hopes to see a united, politically self - stable, developing and amicable Afghanistan.
Some homeowners awoke, but only to find an intruder.
Some local area and homeowners awoke to find an intruder.
Some homeowners awoke only to find himself facing an intruder.
Some homeowners then suddenly awoke to help find an intruder.
Some local homeowners awoke to find it only an intruder.
Barack Obama yesterday extended Aidilfitri in all his greetings to Muslims.
Barack Obama, yesterday has personally extended Aidilfitri greetings to Muslims.
Barack Obama yesterday has extended his Aidilfitri greetings specifically to Muslims.
Barack Obama yesterday extended the Aidilfitri in his greetings to Muslims.
Barack - Obama Obama yesterday extended the Aidilfitri greetings to Muslims.
Challenges remained for only the top CIMB group.
Challenges remained open only for the CIMB group.
Challenges remained open for the entire CIMB group.
Challenges still still remained for the CIMB group.
Challenges still remained open for the CIMB group.
The Colorado Eagles added in with just some offensive firepower.
The new Colorado Golden Eagles also added some offensive firepower.
The new Colorado Golden State Eagles added some offensive firepower.
The new expansion Colorado Eagles added in some offensive firepower.
The new Colorado Eagles have also added some offensive firepower.
15 Hezbollah fighters were reportedly killed fighting in the Ghouta, Damascus.
15, Hezbollah fighters, were killed fighting in Ghouta, Damascus.
15 Hezbollah fighters, were reportedly also killed in Ghouta, Damascus.
15 Hezbollah fighters were reportedly killed fighting insurgents in Ghouta, Damascus.
15 Hezbollah rebel fighters were reportedly also killed in Ghouta, Damascus.
The town - council of Andrews made history by appointing their first ever elected female commissioner.
The first town - council of Andrews made by appointing their first ever elected female commissioner.
The new, new town of Andrews made by appointing their first - ever female commissioner.
The new town of St Andrews made by then appointing their first ever elected female commissioner.
The town council of St Andrews made by then, appointing their first ever female commissioner.
Maria Sharapova, has hired her as her first new coach.
Maria Sharapova, has hired for her as her new coach.
Mariam Sharapova has hired for her as her new coach.
Maria Sharapova has hired her as her very first new coach.
Mariam Sharapova has been hired as her first new coach.
The slippery roadside caused three crashes on board the proposed Trans - Canada Highway.
The slippery roadside caused all three crashes on the old Trans - Canada Highway.
The extremely slippery gravel roads caused three crashes on board the Trans - Canada Highway.
The slippery roadside caused three crashes on board the proposed Trans - Canada Highway.
The extremely slippery roads caused three crashes on board of the Trans - Canada Highway.
Silverton Springs Lake State Park opened Tuesday.
Silver Creek Hot Springs State Park opened Tuesday.
Silver Creek Springs State Historic Park opened Tuesday.
Silver Springs State Historic Park, opened Tuesday.
Silver Creek Springs State Park was opened Tuesday.
Portland Timbers midfielder, Diego Valeri is also dealing with a very very tight muscle.
Portland Timbers'midfielder, Diego de Valeri is dealing with such a tight muscle.
Portland Timbers'midfielder Diego López de Valeri is dealing with a very tight muscle.
Portland Red Timbers'midfielder Diego de Valeri is dealing badly with a tight muscle.
Portland Timbers midfielder, Diego López de Valeri is also dealing with a tight muscle.
Kashmir is and can possibly trigger perhaps even a fourth war with India.
Kashmir is and can trigger perhaps even a fourth major war with India.
Kashmir is and can trigger even more a fourth world war with India.
Kashmir war is and can trigger a possible possible fourth war with India.
Kashmir is threatened and can trigger a fourth world war, with India.
China Wine is predicted to become possibly becoming the world's biggest red wine producer by 2018.
China Wines is also widely predicted to become the world's biggest wine producer by 2018.
China Wine is predicted to eventually become only the world's second biggest wine producer by 2018.
China is predicted eventually to become possibly the new world's biggest wine - producer by 2018.
China Wine is predicted eventually to become the world's biggest wine producer worldwide, by 2018.
Cavalia, will also later also make its Middle East debut.
Cavalia, will also make it its official Middle East debut.
Cavalia, will make it its Middle - Middle East debut.
Cavalia, in which will make its Middle - East debut.
Cavalia, in which will make its official Middle East debut.
Andre 3000 Andre ′ ′ s father who has passed away.
Andre 3000 ′ s biological foster father Michael has passed away.
Andre - 3000 ′ s biological father has just passed away.
Andre 3000 ′ ′ ′ ′ s father has passed away.
Andre, 3000 ′ ′ s father has just passed away.
Royston Hodgson expects a positive critical response from critic Joe Hart.
Royston Hodgson expects a positive critical response, from Joe Hart.
Royston Hodgson expects a positive critical response from critic Joe Hart.
Roy Hodgson also expects just such a positive response from Joe Hart.
Roy Hodgson also expects a positive critical response from critic Joe Hart.
Crimestoppers UK UK has launched as a blog which aims to help spark a nationwide discussion on UK crime.
Crimestoppers UK UK has launched a blog, which aims to help spark a nationwide discussion on UK crime.
Crimestoppers has launched as such, a blog which aims to spark nationwide discussion centres focused on UK crime.
Crimestoppers has most recently also launched a blog which also aims to spark nationwide discussion on the UK crime.
Crimestoppers has also launched as such a blog which aims to help spark a nationwide discussion on UK crime.
Billy Joel also began his Madison Square - Square Garden residency.
Billy Joel began performing his Madison - Square Garden Garden residency.
Billy Joel also began his Madison - Madison Square Garden residency.
Billy Joel also recently began his Madison Square Garden Garden residency.
Billy Joel also began his first Madison Square Garden Garden residency.
They are mutual money and mutual returning customer.
They are money and mutuals returning customer.
They are money mutuals of returning customer.
They are a small money mutual returning customer.
They are money and a mutual returning customer.
The Olympic Flame for hosting the Vancouver 2014 Winter Olympics has shone brightly on atop of the Acropolis hill.
The Olympic and Olympic Flame Pool for the 2014 Winter Olympics has shone on at the nearby Acropolis hill.
The official Greek Olympic Flame for hosting the 2014 Winter Olympics has shone on the very nearby Acropolis hill.
The bronze Olympic Bronze Medal Shooting Flame for the 2014 Asian Winter Olympics has shone on the Acropolis hill.
The Greek Olympic Shooting Flame Pool for the 2014 Olympic Winter Youth Olympics has shone on the Acropolis hill.
The Hudson River River field hockey team won in its 10th straight game.
The 2010 Hudson River River field hockey team won its 10th straight game.
The Hudson field - ice hockey team won its record 10th straight game.
The Hudson field ice - hockey team also won its 10th straight game.
The Hudson field hockey varsity team also won its 10th - straight game.
Maldonado is not happy to not be seen leaving Williams.
Maldonado is not happy enough not to be leaving Williams.
Maldonado is happy to not just not be leaving Williams.
Maldonado is happy not to be seen after leaving Williams.
Maldonado is happy enough to not just be leaving Williams.
Crimeans voted to voluntarily leave Ukraine, and to join Russia.
Crimeans voted to leave the independent Ukraine and to join Russia.
Crimeans who have also voted to leave Ukraine and join Russia.
Crimeans voted to leave the Ukraine, and to join Russia.
Crimeans also voted not to voluntarily leave Ukraine and join Russia.
Akkineni Nageswara Rama Rao II was one.
Akkineni and Nageswara Rama Rao was one.
Akkineni Nageswara Ramana Rao was one.
Akkineni and Nageswara Rama Rao was one.
Akkineni Nageswara Rao Rama Rao was one.
Police officers were called out to help investigate a suspected sexual sexual assault at an apartment complex.
Police officers were called out to investigate suspects for a sexual assault at an adjacent apartment complex.
Police were called out to investigate calls for a federal sexual assault investigation at an apartment complex.
Police were also called out immediately to investigate a sexual sexual assault at such an apartment complex.
Police and officers were called out again to further investigate a sexual assault at an apartment complex.
Greene County finances also, were reviewed.
Greeneville County finances also were reviewed.
Greeneville County public finances were reviewed.
Greene County finances, also were reviewed.
Greeneville County public finances were reviewed.
India Bank is to install the Fake Indian Bank Currency Notes fraud detection machines all along the India - Bangladesh border.
India Telecom is to also install Fake - Indian Currency Notes detection machines, all along the India - Bangladesh border.
India Telecom is to be also install Fake - Indian Express Currency Notes detection machines along the India - Bangladesh border.
India is to install Fake - Indian and Currency Notes detection machines, all along the new India - Bangladesh border.
India Post is planning to also install Fake Indian Currency Notes detection machines located along the northern India - Bangladesh border.
Juventus also won game 4 1 at Atalanta.
Juventus also won 4 - 1 at Atalanta.
Juventus won the 4 1 1 at Atalanta.
Juventus won the 4 1 1 at Atalanta.
Juventus won the 4 1 1 at Atalanta.
The Russian - Federation Council ratified the treaty based on confirming the Crimean accession to Russia.
The Federation and State Council ratified also the treaty on the proposed Crimean accession to Russia.
The Russian Federation Security Council ratified also the first treaty on the Crimean accession to Russia.
The Federation Security Council also ratified the treaty on the Crimean Peninsula accession treaty to Russia.
The Federation Council also ratified the treaty on the Crimean accessionary treaty signed to Russia.
Courtney Love Story has also been a hit with a tax bill.
Courtney Love has also been recently hit hard with a tax bill.
Courtney - Courtney Love has recently been hit with a tax bill.
Courtney Love has been hit hard with nearly losing a tax bill.
Courtney Love Love Story has also been hit with a tax bill.
Pat Fitzgerald then answers a newspaper - reporter's cell phone.
Pat Fitzgerald then answers questions on a reporter's cell phone.
Pat Fitzgerald then answers on a reporter's own cell phone.
Patsy Fitzgerald finally answers on a reporter's cell phone.
Patsy Fitzgerald answers on to a reporter's cell phone.
Formula - One legend Michael Michael - Schumacher remains buried, in a stable but critical condition, after suffering in a skiing accident.
Formula One legend Michael Schumacher, and who also remains in a relatively stable but critical condition after suffering injuries in a skiing accident.
Formula - One legend Michael Schumacher still remains standing in such a stable but critical condition after suffering serious injuries in a skiing accident.
Formula One racing legend, Michael Schumacher remains buried in a relatively stable but critical health condition, after suffering in a skiing accident.
Formula One legend Michael Schumacher, remains buried, in a stable but in critical condition, after badly suffering in a skiing accident.
Baileys is not progressing very well.
Bailey is progressing, quite very well.
Bailey is not progressing any very well.
Bailey is not yet progressing very well.
Bailey is not yet progressing very well.
Justin Bieber was found, and was subsequently detained, by police.
Justin Bieber was found, and he was detained again by police.
Justine Bieber found, and he was subsequently detained by police.
Justin Bieber found, and he was almost immediately detained by police.
Justine Bieber was found, and was subsequently detained by police.
Conferences on medical science education began.
Conference on medical school and education began.
Conferences on public medical education began.
Conference on medical - school education began.
Conference on medical school and education began.
Derek Jeter has been recently re - signed not signed by the Yankees.
Derek Jeter, has been re - signed permanently, by the Yankees.
Derek - Jeter has also been recently re - signed by the Yankees.
Derek Jeter has been re - signed to by with both the Yankees.
Derek Jeter has since been re - signed permanently again by the Yankees.
I just really am not missing Gutthi.
I am not just a missing Gutthi.
I really am not just missing Gutthi.
I really just am not missing Gutthi.
I really am not just missing Gutthi.
China Telecom and Unicom will lower international roaming fees, but with an increase rate of 47 %.
China : Unicom will significantly lower its international mobile roaming fees, with an rate of 47 %.
China Unicom China will lower international mobile roaming transfer fees, with at an rate of 47 %.
China Unicom China will lower international roaming fees, with this at an annual rate of 47 %.
China and Unicom China will lower international roaming fees, with an increase rate rate of 47 %.
The United Co - operative Group is set to eventually completely axe off more than 1, 000 jobs.
The Co - operative operative Group is set up to axe off more than than 1, 000 jobs.
The United Co - operative Group is set to eventually axe no more than a 1, 000 jobs.
The Co - operative operative Insurance Group Limited is set to axe off more than 1, 000 jobs.
The Co - operative Financial Group is set up to axe down more than a 1, 000 jobs.
Celebrity chef Paula Deen is planning to visit in 2007 an Alabama town, to help help her raise the money for building a hospital.
Celebrity celebrity chef Paula Deen, is planning to a visit in an Alabama mining town to help raise the necessary money for a hospital.
Celebrity chef Paula Van Deen, is also planning her to visit in 2007 an Alabama town to help raise the money for a hospital.
Celebrity celebrity chef, Paula Deen is planning to visit her in an Alabama town to help help raise all the money for a hospital.
Celebrity chef Paula Deen is also planning her to visit in an Alabama mining town, to help her raise money for building a hospital.
Credit Suisse has downgraded both Larsen Brothers and Le Toubro to underperform.
Credit Suisse management has also downgraded Larsen and Toubror to underperform.
Credit Suisse debt management has also downgraded Larsen and Toubro to underperform.
Credit Credit Suisse has also downgraded Larsen Larsen and Toubro to underperform.
Credit Suisse management has also downgraded the Larsen and Toubro to underperform.
Sione Lauaki has denied damaging a single closed - circuit digital television camera.
Sione Lauakia has denied ever damaging a closed - circuit television camera.
Sione Lauaki has since also denied damaging a closed - circuit television camera.
Sione - Lauakia has denied ever damaging a closed circuit television camera.
Sione - Lauaki has denied damaging of a large closed circuit television camera.
Riverstone International Energy Holdings is to also float its energy vehicle.
Riverstone Holdings is to float it in its own energy vehicle.
Riverstone Energy Company Holdings is to float in its energy vehicle.
Riverstone Holdings is to float in its very own energy vehicle.
Riverstone Energy Holdings is to also help float its energy vehicle.
Woody Allen will receive the annual Cecilee B. DeMille Award.
Woody and Woody Allen will receive the Cecil B. Cecil DeMille Award.
Woody Allen will receive them both the Cecile B. DeMille Award.
Woody Allen will receive the annual annual Cecil B. Cecil DeMille Award.
Woody and Allen will receive both the Cecile B. DeMille Award.
He also was twice named the American League Defensive Comeback Defensive Player of the Year.
He also was named the American League Baseball Comeback Player Player Award of the Year.
He was also named the American Girls Professional Football League Comeback Player of the Year.
He was also named twice as the American League Comeback Defensive Player of the Year.
He has also was named the American League Baseball Comeback League Player of the Year.
The Archers team will take the final stage held in Sidney.
The London Green Archers will take the final stage in Sidney.
The Archers team again will take the final stage in Sidney.
The Archers team will take the final stage held in Sidney.
The Archers'team will take home the stage in Sidney.
The situation situation in Serbia however is satisfactory.
The current situation situation in Serbia is satisfactory.
The economic situation in the Serbia is satisfactory.
The economic situation situation in Serbia is satisfactory.
The situation in the southern Serbia is satisfactory.
Chennai Suburban Express is breaking all records.
Chennai Suburban Express breaking almost all records.
Chennai Express is currently breaking all records.
Chennai Suburban Railway Express breaking all records.
Chennai Express breaking up almost all records.
Anushka Sharma, Vijay and actor Virat Kohli are dating.
Anushka Sharma, Vijay and Virat Kohli, are dating.
Anushka Sharma, Vijay and Virat Kohli Sharma are dating.
Anushka, Rani Sharma and Virat Kumar Kohli are dating.
Anushka Sharma, and Virat Kohli Sharma, are dating.
Etihad Airways has announced that its strongest ever combined passenger service volume and cargo volumes.
Etihad Airways of India has announced its strongest ever growth in passenger and cargo volumes.
Etihad International Airways has announced that its strongest - ever passenger service and cargo volumes.
Etihad Airways has also announced its second - strongest ever passenger service and cargo volumes.
Etihad Airways has recently also announced its second strongest ever passenger and cargo cargo volumes.
Epubor evolved the first customer - service system.
Epubori evolved the first customer service system.
Epubor evolved into just the customer service system.
Epubor evolved the first customer - service system.
Epubor evolved the customer - centered service system.
An Apple iPad Air unit also catches fire, causing an evacuation.
An iPad and Air unit also catches fire causing for an evacuation.
An iPad Airplane unit also catches on fire causing an evacuation.
An iPad Air unit catches itself caught on fire causing an evacuation.
An Apple iPad Airplane unit catches fire, causing an evacuation.
India needs US support, on its side.
India now also needs US on its side.
India also needs the US on its side.
India also needs US support on its side.
India also needs US on to its side.
Hendrickson himself himself was injured during making a training jump.
Hendrickson was injured again during while making a training jump.
Hendrickson also was injured during while making a training jump.
Hendrickson himself was seriously injured during such a training jump.
Hendrickson himself was seriously injured, during a training jump.
A federal grand - Jury has also indicted top EPA officials Department of Waste Management.
A federal deputy grand - Jury investigation has indicted top federal officials of Waste Management.
A federal grand - Jury has indicted the several hundred top officials of Waste Management.
A federal deputy grand - Jury of investigation has indicted top officials of Waste Management.
A recent federal grand Jury investigation has indicted top EPA officials Department of Waste Management.
A talk will focus more on staying climate positive even during all the winter months.
A talk - show will focus on staying in positive mood during the winter months.
A talk will also focus on the people not staying positive during the winter months.
A talk will focus more on people and staying positive even during the winter months.
A talk will focus more on people staying positive during all the hot winter months.
Lane & Crawford, will open the doors of its One China Plaza flagship store located in Shanghai.
Lane Crawford, which will open on the doorstep of both its China flagship store in Shanghai.
Lane Crawford, will open the front doorstep of all its One China flagship store in Shanghai.
Lane & Crawford, will now also officially open the doors of its China flagship store in Shanghai.
Lane Crawford, will open the front doorstep of all its China flagship store located in Shanghai.
Syntroleum Corporation SYNM today has provided an extremely extensive update on its own strategic alternatives process.
Syntroleum Corporation SYNM today, has also provided an update on its own strategic alternatives process.
Syntroleum Energy Corporation SYNM, today has provided an update report on its strategic alternatives process.
Syntroleum Corporation SYNM today provided an update on all its initiatives new strategic and alternatives process.
Syntroleum Corporation SYNM has today provided for an update on its own, strategic alternatives process.
Farmers may form into such an association.
Farmers themselves also may form an association.
Farmers themselves may form such an association.
Farmers may also form such an association.
Farmers may also form such an association.
Salman Ali Khan, is also not interested in getting married.
Salman Khan is also also not interested in her getting married.
Salman Khan is not very interested in her ever getting married.
Salman Khan is also not interested anymore than in getting married.
Salman Khan is not interested anymore than in his getting married.
Saudi Arabia has pledged US $ 3. - billion annually for the Lebanese army.
Saudi Arabia has also reportedly reportedly pledged $ 3 - billion for the Lebanese army.
Saudi Arabia also has pledged $ 3 - 4 billion aid for the Lebanese army.
Saudi Arabia has also reportedly pledged $ US 3 billion for the new Lebanese army.
Saudi Arabia has pledged $ US 3 billion, annually, for the Lebanese army.
Randi, Paul and Ted Cruz tested the March 2016 presidential waters.
Rand Paul Stevens and Ted Cruz also tested the March 2016 presidential waters.
Rand Paul and Ted Cruz have also successfully tested the 2016 presidential waters.
Randi Paul and Senator Ted Cruz tested the 2016 US presidential waters.
Rand Paul and Tedd Cruz tested in the March 2016 presidential waters.
Morrissey himself has canceled his South American tour.
Morrissey Records has canceled their South American tour.
Morrissey has canceled his South - American tour.
Morrissey has canceled his entire South American tour.
Morrissey also has a canceled South American tour.
Planet Earth Fitness USA has announced a spring 2018 membership sale.
Planet Earth Physical Fitness has also announced a spring membership sale.
Planet Fitness has also announced for a new spring membership sale.
Planet Fitness USA also has announced a spring 2018 membership sale.
Planet Fitness has been announced for a spring 2018 membership sale.
Marriage counseling is not a gift.
Marriage is not always a gift.
Marriage is not always a gift.
Marriage counseling software is a gift.
Marriage is therefore not a gift.
A 83 tons of the building material silt, was also collected from the water catchment facilities.
A 83 tons worth of material silt, which was then collected directly from water catchment facilities.
A 83 tons of material, silt, was collected directly downstream from water - catchment facilities.
A 83 tons, of the raw material silt, was collected from the water catchment facilities.
A 83 tons worth of material, silt, was collected from the water - catchment facilities.
Philip Roth has now quits writing fiction.
Philip Henry Philip Roth has quit writing fiction.
Philip Rothstein has quits writing fiction.
Philip David Roth has quits writing fiction.
Philip Roth has quits from writing fiction.
India will need to begin the ICC World Twenty20 Cup Twenty20 on a winning note.
India also will need to begin ICC Cricket World Cup Twenty20 on a winning note.
India will need to begin ICC World Twenty20 on a new level and winning note.
India need to begin ICC ICC World Twenty20 Cup Twenty20 competition on a winning note.
India need to begin ICC World Twenty20 and Twenty20 Cup Twenty20 on a winning note.
Johnnie and Boehner's signed up for healthcare.
John Boehner's signed him up again for healthcare.
John Boehner's family signed up doctors for healthcare.
John Boehner's family has signed up for healthcare.
Johnnie Boehner's signed up again for healthcare.
BART trains were put back on track after a man was later found and found walking dead in the Transbay Tube.
BART trains were later put back on track again after which a homeless man was found walking in the Transbay Tube.
BART trains were back on track, after which time a homeless man was found walking in on the Transbay Tube.
BART trains were back on track after passing a young man who was found dead walking around in the Transbay Tube.
BART trains were brought right back back on track after in which a man was found walking in the Transbay Tube.
The cold winter weather has affected crop production.
The weather system also has affected crop production.
The weather has also negatively affected crop production.
The weather has also also affected crop production.
The cold weather has affected the crop production.
Mavado Returns me to BRING ON THE STING.
Mavado. Returns me to BRING THE STING.
Mavado Returns to me to BRING THE STING.
Mavado. " Returns to BRING THE STING.
Mavado. Returns to BRING OF THE STING.
THEY THE COUNTRY has lost another icon.
THE COUNTRY has just lost yet another icon.
THEY COUNTRYS has lost another icon.
THE COUNTRYS has lost yet another icon.
THE COUNTRY has lost yet yet another icon.
Manager Sir David Moyes says he is also disappointed finding succeeding Sir Alex Lord - Ferguson a much more difficult job than he anticipated.
Manager Sir David Moyes also says he is finding the succeeding Sir Alex Lord Ferguson a more difficult coaching job, than he anticipated.
Manager David Moyes also says, that he is finding succeeding Sir Sir Alex Ferguson a more difficult job than what previously he anticipated.
Manager David Leslie Moyes says he too is disappointed finding succeeding Sir Alex Ferguson is not a more difficult job than what he anticipated.
Manager David Moyes says that he " is also " finding succeeding Sir Sir Alex Ferguson a more difficult coaching job than he anticipated.
Nancy Pelosi has joined the call, calling for Obama to immediately immediately halt deportations.
Nancy Pelosi, who has joined in the national call for Obama to halt deportations.
Nancy Pelosi also has joined the call for President Barack Obama not to halt deportations.
Nancy Pelosi also has recently joined the most popular call for Obama to halt deportations.
Nancy Pelosi, also has joined the call out for President Obama to halt deportations.
NORTHERN AND IRELAND Something friendly is not expected to go ahead.
NORTHERN THERE IRELAND friendly is not expected to go ahead.
NORTHERN IRELAND friendly and greeting is not expected to go ahead.
NORTHERN AND IRELANDS Something friendly is expected to go ahead.
NORTHERN THE IRELAND friendly is expected to, just go ahead.
An Milwaukee woman who later was found outside hospital had died of hypothermia.
An Milwaukee woman who was found dead outside had died suddenly of hypothermia.
An Milwaukee woman who was found dead just outside town died of hypothermia.
An Milwaukee County woman who was found dead outside died suddenly of hypothermia.
An Milwaukee woman, one who was found outside died suddenly of hypothermia.
Diesel prices, may also also be be - hiked by Rs 3 5 litre, and LPG by Rs 50.
Diesel prices may also be further hiked by Rs 3 5 litre, petrol and LPG prices raised by Rs 50.
Diesel fuel prices may also be further hiked, by Rs 3. 5 litre, and LPG by Rs 50.
Diesel fuel prices, may be hiked by Rs 3. 5 litre, and LPG prices set by Rs 50.
Diesel prices may also also be be hiked by Rs Rs 3 5 1 litre, and LPG by Rs 50.
Iran also may lose all its stances as world's largest commercial pistachio exporter, said.
Iran also may lose access to its historic stance as world's largest pistachio exporter, said.
Iran may lose in 2015 its stance as the world's largest pistachio - exporter, said.
Iran also may lose its stances, as world's largest commercial pistachio exporter, said.
Iran may lose its stances as world's largest pistachio - based oil exporter, said.
A sex offender who is falsely accused of criminal or sexual abuse.
A sex offender is often falsely accused of committing criminal sexual abuse.
A legally convicted sex offender who is accused of criminal sexual abuse.
A sex offender is often accused of either criminal or sexual abuse.
A convicted sex offender is often accused repeatedly of criminal sexual abuse.
New disclosures fall far short on helping make changes consumers make.
New disclosures will often fall short on information helping consumers make.
New disclosures fall short based on the information helping consumers make.
Newer disclosures fall short on helping changes that consumers make.
New disclosures fall far short on the information helping consumers make.
The Waratahs beat the Auckland Blues rugby team by 33 in a Super Rugby warm up.
The NSW Waratahs beat the Blues 33 times in a 2013 Super League Rugby warm up.
The Waratahs have since beat the Blues 33 times in just a Super Rugby warm up.
The Waratahs beat the Auckland Blues 33 times in just a Super League Rugby warm up.
The 2014 Waratahs beat out the Auckland Blues 33 times in a Super Rugby warm up.
Dish, TV India, and Bharti Airtel were among the other top sells.
Dish TV India, and the Bharti and Airtel India were the top sells.
Dish TV India, CNN and Bharti TV Airtel were the other top sells.
Dish TV India, CNN and the Bharti Airtel, were the top sells.
Dish TV in India, and the Bharti Airtel, were the top sells.
That means youll no more to fax payday loans california.
That way youll have no more fax payday loans california.
That youll have had no fax payday or loans california.
That also means youll no fax or payday loans california.
That youll have no fax paydays or loans california.
Duane - Reade Inc. assistant managers who can also proceed as a class.
Duane Reade Inc. and assistant project managers can proceed as in a class.
Duane Reade, Inc. assistant project managers can proceed as in a class.
Duane Reade Inc. assistant project - managers can proceed together as a class.
Duane Reade Inc. assistant project managers who can also proceed as a class.
The 2007 Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Pirates acquired Chris Stewart from the Yankees.
The Pirates also acquired Chrissie Stewart, from the Yankees.
The Pirates also acquired Chrissy Stewart from joining the Yankees.
The 1948 Pittsburgh Pirates acquired Chrissy Stewart from the Yankees.
The Pirates acquired pitcher Chrissy Stewart, from the Yankees.
The Royals also have designated outfielder Pedro Ciriacos for assignment.
The Royals have designated outfielder prospect José Pedro Ciriaco for assignment.
The Royals also have designated outfielder Pedro Ciriacos for assignment.
The Cincinnati Royals have also designated outfielder Pedro Ciriaco for assignment.
The Royals have designated Pedro de Ciriacos up for assignment.
Analyst Paul Dergarabedianyan is considering joining Rentrak.
Analyst, Paul Dergarabedian is considering joining Rentrak.
Analyst Pauli Dergarabedianyan is joining Rentrak.
Analyst Pauli Dergarabedianyan is joining Rentrak.
Analyst Pauliy Dergarabedian is joining Rentrak.
IPCom has lost in a patent - infringement case it brought against Apple.
IPCom has since lost in a patent infringement case he brought against Apple.
IPCom has lost a patent rights - infringement case brought directly against Apple.
IPCom has lost money in a patent infringement court case brought against Apple.
IPCom has lost in a major patent infringement case brought directly against Apple.
Jerry Brown will also not only leave California on Sunday, trip to Ireland, and Germany.
Jerry Brown will leave California on a Sunday, tripping to Northern Ireland, and Germany.
Jerry Brown himself will leave for California early on Sunday, trip to Ireland, and Germany.
Jerry Brown himself will not leave California on a Sunday, trip to Northern Ireland and Germany.
Jerry Brown will then leave California on almost a full Sunday, trip to Ireland and Germany.
The state of Iowa sold out a record $ 256 million in hard - liquor retail sales last fiscal year.
The state of Iowa sold a record of $ $ 2560 million in liquor last of the fiscal year.
The state of Iowa has sold a record $ 256 million annually in the best liquor last the fiscal year.
The state of Northern Iowa sold a record US $ 256 - million in liquor store sales last fiscal year.
The state of Iowa sold a state record of $ $ 256 million in liquor sales last the fiscal year.
Barkevious Mingo, has been released early on from the hospital.
Barkevious - Mingo has been recently released back from the hospital.
Barkevious, Mingo, has been recently released from the hospital.
Barkevious Mingo, has just recently been released from the hospital.
Barkevious Mingo, has only just been released from the hospital.
Taipei, Changhua County opened part of almost all of its hot spring facilities.
Taipei, Changhuan County opened part of its new hot - spring facilities.
Taipei, Changhua County opened a part of all its hot - spring facilities.
Taipei, Changhuan County, opened part one of its hot spring facilities.
Taipei, Changhua County, opened part one of its new hot spring facilities.
Britain is to embark immediately, intent on building its first nuclear thermal power station.
Britain is to embark on building up its very first nuclear thermal thermal power station.
Britain itself is to soon embark on building its very first nuclear thermal power station.
Britain is to soon embark on successfully building up its first commercial nuclear power station.
Britain itself is to very soon embarking on building its first nuclear power station.
The San - Antonio Spurs have re - not signed for Tiago Splitter.
The San Antonio Hot Spurs have retro - ever signed Tiago Splitter.
The expansion San - Antonio Spurs have re - signed signed Tiago Splitter.
The San Antonio Spurs have retro - signed forward, Tiago Splitter.
The San - Antonio Hot Spurs have re - not signed Tiago Splitter.
Kashmiri Valley was plunged into darkness, after heavy snowfall uprooted.
Kashmir Valley was plunged into total darkness after a heavy snowfall uprooted.
Kashmiri Valley was plunged into darkness after a heavy snowfall uprooted.
Kashmir Valley plunged deep down into the darkness after heavy snowfall uprooted.
Kashmir Valley plunged into almost total darkness after a heavy snowfall uprooted.
An unnamed Indo - American has also pleaded guilty of income tax fraud.
An Indo - American has pleaded not guilty of federal income tax fraud.
An Indo - Pakistani American businessman who has pleaded guilty of tax fraud.
An Indo - American has also also pleaded not guilty of tax fraud.
An Indo - American Indian businessman has pleaded guilty of income tax fraud.
The motorcycle car was then accidentally collided with the ambulance near the McKees Rocks Bridge.
The police police motorcycle collided with the police motorcycle ambulance near the McKees Rocks Bridge.
The police and police motorcycle collided heavily with the ambulance near the McKees Rocks Bridge.
The motorcycle collided with the police ambulance while nearing the McKeesport Rocks Bridge.
The police motorcycle collided heavily with half the ambulance near the Fort McKees Rocks Bridge.
The man accused of stealing homes has also been not yet found guilty.
The man accused of allegedly illegally stealing homes, has been found guilty.
The young man accused of of stealing homes has never been found guilty.
The same man accused of stealing homes has been found not found guilty.
The man accused them of stealing their own homes has been found guilty.
New Napoli manager, Rafaello Benitez has launched a bid for new keeper, Pepe Reina.
New York Napoli manager Rafaello Benitez, has launched a transfer bid for keeper Pepe Reina.
New Napoli manager Rafael Benitez, has been also launched in a bid for keeper Pepe Reina.
New Napoli manager Rafael Benitez has also launched a bid campaign for new keeper, Pepe Reina.
New Napoli manager Rafael Benitez, has launched in a bid to campaign for keeper Pepe Reina.
Patriots director of Nicki and Caserio has also decided to stay.
Patriots director of Nicki Caserio has also decided not to stay.
Patriots director - of photography Nick Caserio has decided not to stay.
Patriots director - of Nicki Caserio - has decided to stay.
Patriots director - of photography Nicki Caserio has decided to stay.
Who else was he a foodie.
Who was was he a foodie.
Whose was he a foodie.
Whose was he a foodie.
Who else there was a foodie.
Corinthians won in 2009 the Recopa Sudamericana.
Corinthians also won in the Recopa Sudamericana.
Corinthians won the inaugural 2009 Recopa Sudamericana.
Corinthians also won in the Recopa Sudamericana.
Corinthians also won in the Recopa Sudamericana.
High school graduation rates have also only recently reached a record high.
High school graduation rates alone have also reached a national record high.
High school graduation rates also may have reached such a record high.
High school graduation rates have reached such a new national record high.
High school graduation rates may also have reached such a record high.
Ross and Detwiler both will miss almost a month with a herniated disc.
Ross and Detwiler will miss almost a month with only a herniated disc.
Ross Detwiler, will miss over a month with a double herniated disc.
Ross Detwiler will miss a month, due with a double herniated disc.
Ross Detwiler will miss over a month, due with a herniated disc.
Chrissie Brown is to be also remain in rehab.
Chrissie - Brown is to remain behind in rehab.
Chris Brown is expected to also remain active in rehab.
Chrissie Brown is expected to remain active in rehab.
Chrissie Brown is to also remain active in rehab.
Bruce Feldman has since joined with Fox Sports.
Bruce and Feldman also has joined Fox Sports.
Bruce and Feldman has since joined Fox Sports.
Bruce Feldman, has since joined Fox Sports.
Bruce Feldman, also has joined Fox Sports.
Barcelona will appeal the illegal player transfer ban.
Barcelona FC will appeal against the transfer ban.
Barcelona FC will appeal the illegal transfer ban.
Barcelona will not appeal against the transfer ban.
Barcelona City FC will appeal the transfer ban.
More than 600 families worldwide will soon also have prepared a Thanksgiving Day meal thanks to hundreds of volunteers.
More than 600 families will have a Thanksgiving - Day meal, thanks to all the hundreds of volunteers.
More than than 600 families will have a free Thanksgiving meal thanks to the many hundreds thousands of volunteers.
More than 600 families will have a Thanksgiving meal, largely thanks largely to among the hundreds of volunteers.
More than 600 families will also annually have a Thanksgiving Day meal thanks to the hundreds thousands of volunteers.
Retailer Calzedonia, LLC, has also expanded in Sri Lanka.
Retailer Calzedonia, LLC LLC has also expanded in Sri Lanka.
Retailer, called Calzedonia, has expanded in southern Sri Lanka.
Retailer, Calzedonia, has also expanded operations in Sri Lanka.
Retailer, Calzedonia, LLC has expanded in southern Sri Lanka.
A young Japanese man switched at birth says that he would just like me to roll - back the clock.
A Japanese man who switched at his birth says that he too would like to roll back to the clock.
A young Japanese man switched his places at birth says he would like me to help roll back the clock.
A Japanese - man switched at his birth says he would also like to roll upside - back the clock.
A Japanese man switched at birth says, and that he, too would like to roll back the clock.
Lizabethe Liza Minnelli performed with a broken wrist.
Liza Minnelli herself had performed first with a broken wrist.
Liza Minnelli also performed well with a slightly broken wrist.
Lizabeth Minnelli also performed solo with a broken wrist.
Liza Minnelli performed solo with a single partially broken wrist.
InterDigital Inc. and Huawei Electronic Technologies Co. have agreed to resolve all their pending patent licensing disputes.
InterDigital Inc., and Huawei Technologies Co. agreed to resolve all of their patent and licensing disputes.
InterDigital Inc. and Huawei Electronic Technologies Co. agreed to resolve almost all their respective patent licensing disputes.
InterDigital Inc. and later the Huawei Technologies Co. agreed to resolve almost all their patent licensing disputes.
InterDigital Inc., and Huawei Technologies Co. agreed not to resolve their respective patent - licensing disputes.
The Afghan US - military has halted all foreign arms shipments leaving Afghanistan to ensure the safety of drivers following protests occurring in Pakistan.
The US military also has temporarily halted shipments leaving Pakistan from Afghanistan, to ensure the safety of drivers following protests occurring in Pakistan.
The US Pakistani military has halted arms and ammunition shipments leaving for Afghanistan to ensure the relative safety of drivers following protests in Pakistan.
The US military administration also has halted drug shipments leaving Afghanistan to ensure the safety record keeping of drivers following protests occurring in Pakistan.
The US military has also halted all arms and ammunition shipments leaving Afghanistan to ensure the continued safety of drivers following protests in Pakistan.
A truck driver's own badly battered body was burnt beyond recognition.
A truck - driver's body was found, burnt beyond recognition.
A pickup truck driver's body was burnt down, beyond recognition.
A pickup truck driver's body was later found burnt beyond recognition.
A truck driver's lifeless body was found burnt down beyond recognition.
A former UTA employee is suing with the local transit authority.
A former UTA station employee is suing against the transit authority.
A UTA station employee is also suing against the transit authority.
A UTA station employee is currently also suing the transit authority.
A UTA station employee group is suing the local transit authority.
Students four competed in a bridge - bridge - building competition.
Students four competed together again in winning a bridge building competition.
Students four years competed in a bridge - bridge building competition.
Students of four competed in a competitive bridge bridge building competition.
Students four competed competed together in winning a bridge building competition.
BasharaCare. com has recently also launched the Arabic version.
BasharaCare. com has launched with the first Arabic version.
BasharaCare. com has also recently launched the Arabic version.
BasharaCare. com has also launched in the Arabic version.
BasharaCare. com has also launched in the Arabic version.
The Department of Health will not offer free the shingles vaccine to adults who otherwise are considered either uninsured or underinsured.
The Pennsylvania Department of Health will offer the shingles'vaccine to all adults, who are either uninsured or underinsured.
The Department of Health will offer the shingles vaccines only to young adults, who either are uninsured or underinsured.
The Pennsylvania Department of Health will not offer the shingles vaccine to all eligible adults who are uninsured, or underinsured.
The Department of Public Health, will offer only the very first shingles vaccine to adults who are uninsured or underinsured.
ABB has completed on its acquisition of the Powerhouse - One.
ABB Group has completed its acquisition of Power Plant K - One.
ABB Group has completed its acquisition phase of the Power - One.
ABB has completed its acquisition first phase of Power Station - One.
ABB Global has completed its pending acquisition of the Power - One.
A train carrying the imported Canadian Pacific crude oil was derailed and spilled in Pennsylvania.
A Canadian freight train, carrying Canadian crude oil derailed and spilled oil in Pennsylvania.
A Canadian freight train carrying imported Canadian crude and oil derailed and spilled in Pennsylvania.
A train carrying Canadian National Western Railway crude oil derailed and was spilled in Pennsylvania.
A train car, carrying Canadian crude oil derailed, crashed and spilled in Pennsylvania.
Where Smart and Small Business people go to Google for business advice.
Where Smart Small - Businesses can go to for business advice.
Where Smart Small Small Business go on to forgo business advice.
Where Smart Smaller Businesses go to Google for business advice.
Where the Smart and Small - Business go to for business advice.
American Cruise Lines released its plans to build another four brand new ships.
American International Cruise Lines released new plans designed to build four new ships.
American Cruiser Cruise Lines has released plans to build four new ships.
American International Cruise Lines has released new plans to build four new ships.
American International Cruiser Cruise Lines released plans to build four new ships.
Matthias Mayer also twice won the Olympic downhill.
Matthias von Mayer also won the Olympic downhill.
Matthias Mayer also won the 1988 Olympic downhill.
Matthias Mayer won the 1988 Winter Olympic downhill.
Matthias Graf von Mayer won the Olympic downhill.
Nile Rodgers and Big Chic will also also play Croatia.
Nile Rodgers, Sting and Chicón will play Croatia.
Niles Rodgers and Chicón González will play Croatia.
Nile Rodgers and Big Chic will both also play Croatia.
Nile Rodgers and Carlos Chicón will also play Croatia.
Cancer can also sometimes be beaten.
Cancers can also be beaten.
Cancers can also be beaten.
Cancers that can be beaten.
Cancer can also sometimes be beaten.
Things happened that you did not know.
Things you did to others not know.
Things that you just did not know.
Things you just... did not know.
Things you just did to not know.
A local postal worker, was shot with an airsoft machine gun while still delivering mail.
A young female postal service worker was shot with an airsoft gun while not delivering mail.
A postal worker, was also reportedly shot with an automatic airsoft gun while delivering mail.
A postal worker, was also reportedly shot with an airsoft gun while not delivering mail.
A postal - service worker was shot with an airsoft machine gun while not delivering mail.
When Computing has got. Personal is.
When all the Computing got Personal is.
When Computing has got. Personal is.
When the New Computing got Personal is.
When the Computing got. Personal is.
Merrill announced that her own re - election bid spoke.
Merrill announced that her re - election campaign bid spoke.
Merrill announced her re - presidential election campaign bid spoke.
Merrill announced her upcoming 2008 re - election bid spoke.
Merrill then announced her re - election campaign bid spoke.
Apple reportedly is looking forward to relaunch production of the iPhone 4G in India.
Apple reportedly also is currently looking to a relaunch of the iPhone 4 in India.
Apple reportedly, also is looking forward to relaunch of the iPhone 4 in India.
Apple India reportedly is also looking forward to relaunch the iPhone - 4 in India.
Apple reportedly is also looking to relaunch the Apple iPhone - 4 platform in India.
Netflix has signed to an agreement to not pay Comcast.
Netflix also signed off an agreement not to pay Comcast.
Netflix signed off immediately on an agreement to pay Comcast.
Netflix signed to an agreement agreeing to not pay Comcast.
Netflix signed on an exclusive agreement not to pay Comcast.
Andre Ayew also made his record 150th Ligue - 1 appearance.
Andre Ayew made his 150th professional career Ligue - 1 appearance.
Andrey Ayew made his 150th Ligue 1 - 1 appearance.
Andre Ayew made his 150th Ligue - 1 1 1 appearance.
Andre Ayew made just his record 150th career Ligue 1 appearance.
Robert Plant has signed with major label owner Nonesuch Records.
Robert Robert Plante has signed with label Nonesuch Records.
Robert Plant Robert Plant has signed on with Nonesuch Records.
Robert Robert Plante has signed on with Nonesuch Records.
Robert Robert Plante has signed with label Nonesuch Records.
China and Ukraine tabled such a plan, hoping to deepen their joint strategic partnership.
China and Ukraine have tabled a plan designed to deepen up their joint strategic partnership.
China, and Ukraine, have tabled a plan to further deepen their strategic partnership.
China and Ukraine have tabled a plan designed to help further deepen their strategic partnership.
China and Ukraine have tabled a plan to deepen up their joint and strategic partnership.
Two workers have been found dead and severely burned in an explosion at the'an park south of Edmonton.
Two construction workers have also recently been found severely burned in an explosion at an industrial park south of Edmonton.
Two workers have been - severely - burned alive in an explosion at an park, located south of Edmonton.
Two workers may have been also also severely - burned in by an explosion at an park south of Edmonton.
Two workers may have been severely badly burned in an accidental explosion at such an industrial park south of Edmonton.
A man has been charged with filing over several millions worth of US dollars of false liens.
A man has also been falsely charged with filing several millions worth of dollars of false liens.
A man has been charged with illegally filing millions'worth of US dollars of false liens.
A man has also been charged with filing several millions of US dollars of false false liens.
A computer maniac has been charged with filing several millions of dollars worth of false liens.
The designers were very well - put, but who also got eliminated on the Project Runway 2013 All Stars last night.
The designers were put,,, but, who got eliminated on Project Runway 2013 All - New Stars last night.
The designers were put, but who got eliminated on Project : The Project Runway : The 2013 All Stars last night.
The other designers were well put, but who got eliminated on Project Project Project Runway 2013 : All Stars last night.
The designers were put, but who else got eliminated on Project Project Project Runway 2013 All - Stars held last night.
Jose will face no further disciplinary disciplinary action.
Jose will face further disciplinary disciplinary disciplinary action.
Jose will also face further disciplinary disciplinary action.
Jose will face further disciplinary disciplinary disciplinary action.
Jose will therefore face no further disciplinary action.
A sale of half the EEZ will make the operator more British.
A sale out of EEV will make to the operator more British.
A future sale of the EE will make the operator look more British.
A sale of EE will also help make to the operator more British.
A possible subsequent general sale of EE will make the operator more British.
Britain itself is losing the entire global arms race on green growth.
Britain is losing the global race on both global and green growth.
Britain itself is losing the global race based solely on green growth.
Britain itself is losing the global arms race based on green growth.
Britain itself is losing the global arms - race on green growth.
Japan : Transocean Air has selected 12 brand new Boeing 737 800 aircraft.
Japan Transoceanic Air has selected 12 new Boeing 737 - 800 aircraft.
Japan Transoceanic Air has also selected 12 new Boeing 737 800 aircraft.
Japan Note : Transocean Air has selected 12 new Boeing 737 800 aircraft.
Japan Transocean Air has selected the 12 Boeing Boeing 737 - 800 aircraft.
The Election Commission has issued as such a formal notice to the Industries Minister Kailash Vijayvargiya.
The Election Commission also has issued a formal notice letter to Industries Development Minister Kailash Vijayvargiya.
The Election Commission has issued such as a notice to Industries Development Chief Minister Kailash Vijayvargiya.
The Election Commission has also issued a formal notice addressed to the Industries Minister Kailash Vijayvargiya.
The Election Commission, also has issued a notice addressed to Industries Minister, Kailash Vijayvargiya.
Toby and the Alderweireld couldn't say to the Atletico Madrid.
Toby and the other Alderweireld couldn't say to Atletico Madrid.
Toby and Alderweireld couldn't say goodbye to the Atletico Madrid.
Toby Alderweireld couldn't really even even say to Atletico Madrid.
Toby - Alderweireld I couldn't even say to Atletico Madrid.
The Porter County Regional Airport Airport has not received a significant federal grant.
The Porter County Regional Airport pilot project has received twice a federal grant.
The Porterville County Regional Airport and Airport has received a federal grant.
The very nearby Porter County Regional Airport has not received a federal grant.
The Porter County Regional Airport Airport has also received both a federal grant.
The fee required annually for use of the state park public - use cabins will be increased.
The annual registration fee for use of state park public use of cabins will also be increased.
The fee for use of state park and public - private use cabins, will be increased.
The fee for the use of the state park public use cabins, will also be increased.
The fee for use of in the state park public use area of cabins will be increased.
Google, Inc is offering to set up free public access and wireless broadband Internet hotspots in 31 spaces located in San Francisco.
Google Inc is offering to help set up free, wireless Internet hotspots in 319 parking garage parking spaces in San Francisco.
Google, Inc is offering free seed funding opportunities to set up free wireless Internet hotspots in 31 spaces located in San Francisco.
Google, Inc is currently offering seed funding to set up free wireless broadband Internet hotspots located in 31 spaces in San Francisco.
Google, Inc., is currently offering funding to set up free wireless Internet hotspots in 31 spacespace in San Francisco.
A Macomb Township police woman falsely accused of biting off a very large portion of her boyfriend's right ear was charged.
A Macomb Township woman accused of biting off of a very large enough portion of her boyfriend's ear lobe was charged.
A Macomb Township black woman falsely accused of biting off of a large portion out of her boyfriend's ear was charged.
A Macomb Township police woman accused of allegedly accidentally biting off a large portion of both her boyfriend's ear was charged.
A former Macomber Township woman falsely accused her of accidentally biting off a portion of her boyfriend's ear was charged.
The Carolina Hurricanes released their first pre - camp draft depth chart.
The Hurricanes released their first pre - training camp draft depth chart.
The Hurricanes released their first pre - - training camp depth chart.
The Hurricanes have since also released their pre - camp depth chart.
The Hurricanes released on their pre - camp draft and depth chart.
Robin van der Persie has been also subsequently ruled out playing for a further month with a thigh injury.
Robin van der - De Persien has also been ruled out for a month with a thigh injury.
Robin van Persien has been ruled not out for over a month with only suffering a thigh injury.
Robina van van van Persie has also been ruled out for a month with only a thigh injury.
Robin van Persie has also been ruled out playing for a further month with a more serious thigh injury.
John Legend perform live concerts in Syracuse during this summer.
John Legend perform in downtown downtown Syracuse during this summer.
John Legend perform in downtown Syracuse during concerts this summer.
John Legend perform in the historic downtown Syracuse this summer.
John Legend perform live live in Syracuse during this summer.
A girl who herself has pled guilty.
A girl, who has pled guilty.
A beautiful young girl has pled guilty.
A girl has probably already pled guilty.
A young teenage girl has pled guilty.
A man was cited for leaving behind his own pet dog on a balcony outside in all the heat.
A man was cited for leaving his very own very own pet dog on a balcony in the heat.
A maniac was cited for allegedly leaving his dog on to a balcony set in during the heat.
A third man was cited twice for allegedly leaving behind his hot dog on a balcony in the heat.
A third third man was cited for leaving with his dog alone on a hotel balcony in the heat.
Google Glass has been, successfully captured, for working dogs.
Google Glass has been captured, especially, for working dogs.
Google Google Glass has captured, especially, for working dogs.
Google Glass has been widely captured, especially for working dogs.
Google Glass also, has been captured, for working dogs.
School was canceled in the South Fork Sandpoint and Bonners Ferry areas because because of fear of the cold.
School was also canceled only twice in the Sandpoint and Bonners Ferry areas, because because of the cold.
School was also canceled in the Sandpoint and the Bonners Ferry Beach areas, mostly because of the cold.
School was canceled twice in the Sandpointe Heights and Bonners Ferry Heights areas, because of the cold.
School was canceled in both the South Sandpointe and the nearby Bonners Ferry areas because of the cold.
Police officers are seeking out a woman suspected guilty of charging him $ 15, 000 on stolen cards.
Police and local police officers are seeking a woman suspected of charging $ 15, 000 on stolen cards.
Police are seeking a woman suspected guilty of falsely charging $ $. 15, 000 on stolen cards.
Police officers are seeking a young woman suspected of guilty of charging $ 15, 000 on stolen cards.
Police are seeking a woman they suspected of charging $ 15, 000 000 on the two stolen cards.
Yorkton City Police firefighters rescued a boy who was locked in proximity to a safe.
York City firefighters later rescued her from a boy who was locked in to a safe.
Yorkton City Police Department firefighters rescued a young boy who was locked in a safe.
Yorkton Beach City firefighters rescued a young boy who was locked up in a safe.
York City Police firefighters rescued from drowning a boy who reportedly was locked in a safe.
Super Furry Animals'fans are to launch with a beer.
Super Furry Little Animals fans are to also launch a beer.
Super Furry Animals are going on stage to launch a beer.
Super - Furry Animals are going to also launch a beer.
Super Furry Little Animals are able to launch with a beer.
Touchy, Feely opens in a limited release.
Touchy Feely opens - up in limited release.
Touchy - Feely opens up in limited release.
Touchy, Feely also opens in limited release.
Touchy Feely also opens up in limited release.
A guilty verdict verdict in the murder case of Dr Bo Xilai will be announced Sunday.
A verdict in the case of Bo Xilaig, will be a publicly announced Sunday.
A guilty verdict and verdict in the case of Bo Xilai will also be announced Sunday.
A guilty verdict verdict in the case trial of Dr Bo Xilai will be announced Sunday.
A verdict in the case court of Bo Xilai will not be publicly - announced Sunday.
The Kerala state is fast becoming into a better place for art.
The Kerala is becoming into a very much better place for art.
The capital city Kerala is becoming a better market place for art.
The Kerala is fast becoming a better place, especially for art.
The Kerala is now becoming a much better market place for art.
Amitabh Singh Bachchan celebrated his own 71st birthday birthday with fans.
Amitabh Bachchan also celebrated him on his 71st birthday with fans.
Amitabh Bachchan also celebrated his own 71st birthday birthday with fans.
Amitabh Bachchan also personally celebrated on his 71st birthday with fans.
Amitabh Singh Bachchan celebrated on his 71st birthday along with fans.
A search tool has also recently revealed the top 10 things people will miss about San Francisco.
A Google map search tool has revealed about the top 10 things people miss about San Francisco.
A tool has revealed the top - 10 positive things people will not miss about San Francisco.
A toolbox has also revealed the top 10 little things people miss about in San Francisco.
A toolbox has revealed the top 10 things that people will miss about downtown San Francisco.
Everybody Hates Chris Chris Chris is coming to the TV One beginning.
Everybody Who Hates Chris is coming back to TV Season One beginning.
Everybody else Who Hates Chris is now coming to TV One beginning.
Everybody Hates Chris Chris : Chris is coming to TV One beginning.
Everybody Hates Chris is coming to the brand new TV One beginning.
Nepal's monarch Gyanendra Shah also left on this occasion a visit to India.
Nepal's first monarch Gyanendra Shah left on this occasion a visit to India.
Nepal's monarch, Gyanendra Narayan Shah left on a visit back to India.
Nepal's monarch Gyanendra Shah also left on occasion a visitation to India.
Nepal's monarch, Gyanendra Narayan Shah left on occasion a visit to India.
Vendors are being signed up for the upcoming second bi - annual Octoberfest in Keyser.
Vendors, who are not being signed up return for the second Octoberfest in Keyser.
Vendors, also are being signed - up again for the second Octoberfest in Keyser.
Vendors who are being considered signed up for play the upcoming second Octoberfest in Keyser.
Vendors are being signed - - up - for the second Octoberfest festival in Keyser.
The meats'judging team won in its competition.
The local local beef meat judging team won its competition.
The local local beef meat judging team won its competition.
The local local meat judging team also won its competition.
The local meat judging competition team won in its competition.
Ashok Leyland India Limited is looking to further reduce its debt by Rs 1, 000 by by around the end of fiscal.
Ashok Leyland is looking to further reduce its debt by around US $ Rs 1, 000 by the end period of fiscal.
Ashok Leyland is looking to reduce all its debt by Rs. 1, 000 crore by the year - end of fiscal.
Ashok Leyland is looking forward to reduce its debt by about Rs. 1, 000 by at the tail end of fiscal.
Ashok Leyland Industries Limited, is looking forward to reduce its debt load by Rs 1, 000 by the end of fiscal.
Citigroup USA and Banamex USA have also publicly disclosed subpoenas.
Citigroup and of the Banamex USA have also disclosed subpoenas.
Citigroup and Banamex USA, have also publicly disclosed subpoenas.
Citigroup and the Banamex USA Corporation have also disclosed subpoenas.
Citigroup and of the Banamex USA have also disclosed subpoenas.
Jerry Remy won't return him to the booth for games this season.
Jerry Remy won't return to fill in the booth for this season.
Jerry and Remy won't return back to the booth for this season.
Jerry Remy won't return to help fill the vacant booth this season.
Jerry Remy won't return to fill the broadcast booth for this season.
Financial stocks led higher and the markets higher.
Financial market stocks led and the markets higher.
Financial stocks led and the stock markets higher.
Financial stocks have led to the markets higher.
Financial stocks led and the stock markets higher.
A drone strike hit a nearby US - Navy ship.
A drone hit on a nearby nearby US Navy ship.
A drone hit a building nearby nearby US Navy ship.
A drone hit a nearby decommissioned USN Navy ship.
A drone strike hit on a nearby US Navy ship.
The future however, is uncertain.
The immediate immediate future is uncertain.
The immediate future date is uncertain.
The immediate - future is uncertain.
The future however, is uncertain.
In a friendly international football match, the Mauritania has dominated Canada.
In such a major friendly football match, Mauritania has dominated Canada.
In hosting a friendly international football match, Mauritania has dominated Canada.
In a friendly football match, the Mauritanian has dominated Canada.
In a recent friendly football match, Mauritania has also dominated Canada.
The Sony Xperia Z1 hardware update release also brings an optional updated KitKat bug fix.
The new 2011, 2012 Sony Xperia Z1 update release brings an KitKat bug fix.
The new Sony Xperia - Z1 update release also brings an updated KitKat bug fix.
The Sony PlayStation Xperia - Z1 2013 hardware update release brings an KitKat bug fix.
The Sony Xperia Z1 software update and release brings about an KitKat 2 bug fix.
Actor, Cory Monteith, has reportedly also been found dead in a Vancouver hotel room.
Actor Cory Cory Monteith, has also been found shot dead in a Vancouver hotel room.
Actor Cory Monteith has also recently been found dead in in a downtown Vancouver hotel room.
Actor John Cory Monteith has also been found dead in a remote Vancouver Island hotel room.
Actor, comedian Cory Monteith has been recently found dead in a downtown Vancouver hotel room.
Ooredoo has launched new USB and smart packs.
Ooredoo has also recently launched new smart packs.
Ooredoo has recently also launched new smart packs.
Ooredoo has also launched new USB smart packs.
Ooredoo has also launched two new smart packs.
A young Enidi man was charged twice with two counts of sexually lewd molestation.
A Enid man was charged twice with two separate counts each of committing lewd molestation.
A Enid man was charged twice with committing the two counts each of lewd molestation.
A Enid maniac was charged with the two counts of allegedly committing lewd molestation.
A young Enid man was charged with committing the two counts each of lewd molestation.
It takes place at a cost where you can i buy generic viagra in india.
It is also takes at where can i buy generic viagras, in india.
It takes place at a cost where can i buy a generic viagra in india.
It takes at where can. i can buy a new generic viagra in india.
It takes at where can. i. buy a generic viagrable in india.
ATHENS 2011 - The Greek Parliament passed such an important omnibus reform bill.
ATHENS 2011 - The 13th Greek National Parliament passed an omnibus reform bill.
ATHENS 2011 - 2012 The Greek Parliament has passed an omnibus reform bill.
ATHENS 2011 - The 2011 Greek Parliament unanimously passed an omnibus reform bill.
ATHENS 2011 - The Greek Parliament passed an extensive omnibus electoral reform bill.
Thousands have packed the bricks of Pioneer County Courthouse Courthouse Courthouse Square for the 29th annual Christmas tree lighting ceremony.
Thousands have also packed the bricks of Pioneer Courthouse Courthouse Square for the 29th annual annual tree - lighting ceremony.
Thousands packed the bright red bricks outside of Pioneer Courthouse Square, for the 29th annual tree - lighting ceremony.
Thousands packed the red bricks of the new Pioneer Courthouse Square, for the 29th annual Christmas tree lighting ceremony.
Thousands have also packed the red bricks of Pioneer Courthouse Square for the May'29th annual tree lighting ceremony.
Pakistan will try Pervez Khan and Musharraf Khan for treason.
Pakistan will also try President Pervez and Musharraf for treason.
Pakistan will also try Pervez Khan and Musharraf for treason.
Pakistan National Police will try President Pervez Musharraf for treason.
Pakistan National Police Force will try Pervez Musharraf for treason.
Aaron Ward takes a look at almost all the changing attitudes made toward homosexuality in American professional pro sports.
Aaron Ward takes on a personal look at the changing attitudes being seen toward homosexuality seen in pro sports.
Aaron and Ward takes a look at all the changing social attitudes seen toward homosexuality in American pro sports.
Aaron Ward takes on a look at the changing of public attitudes toward male homosexuality seen in pro sports.
Aaron Ward takes a look at all the seemingly rapidly changing attitudes toward male homosexuality in American pro sports.
Smugglers have a very complex social network typical of cross - border syndicates.
Smugglers have created quite a complex network of cross - - border syndicates.
Smugglers also often have a complex network of cross - - border syndicates.
Smugglers have a complex network consisting of several successful cross - border syndicates.
Smugglers also have a very complex social network of cross - border syndicates.
The Nationals have signed Aaron Lee Laffey to also potentially sign a minor league deal.
The Nationals have signed pitcher, Aaron Laffey back to a minor - league deal.
The Nationals have also signed outfielder Aaron Laffey back to a new minor league deal.
The Nationals would have also signed Aaron Lee Laffey III to a minor league deal.
The Nationals'organization also would have signed Aaron Laffey to a minor league deal.
Over 100 Israeli rightists have entered into the al - Aqsa prison compound under guard.
Over 100 Israeli Arab nationalist rightists entered the al - Aqsa compound while under guard.
Over another 100 Israeli rightists entered the al - Aqsa security compound while under guard.
Over another hundred 100 Israeli rightists entered the al al - Aqsa compound under guard.
Over 100 Israeli political rightists have entered the al -'Aqsa compound under guard.
Clinton McDonald, who worked at tackle, was not retro - signed.
Clinton - McDonald, someone who had worked tackle, was re - signed.
Clinton McDonald, player who worked tackle, but was not re - signed.
Clinton McDonald, who had worked at right tackle, was re - signed.
Clinton McDonald, player who had worked tackle, but was re - signed.
A judge has ordered both The LA Times - Picayune to turn - over information.
A federal federal judge has also ordered The Times - Picayune to turn over information.
A federal judge has ordered both The Times - Picayune newspapers to turn over information.
A judge has also ordered from The Times - TV Picayune to turn over information.
A judge has ordered The LA Times - TV Picayune reporter to turn over information.
Oracle Data Corp would also later buy online data management startup BlueKai.
Oracle Data Corp would buy online, business data management startup BlueKai.
Oracle Corp would buy the online data - center management startup BlueKai.
Oracle Corp would buy online business and data management software startup BlueKai.
Oracle Corp would also buy online data - center management startup BlueKai.
An man told police he was not only illegally dealing marijuana to help pay for school.
An elderly man later told police he was dealing marijuana to pay tuition fees for school.
An man told police that he believed himself was only dealing marijuana to pay for school.
An old man told police he was dealing marijuana money just to help pay for school.
An man told police he himself was allegedly caught illegally dealing marijuana to pay for school.
The Green Party group will have also run a Field Hospital for traumatised young Lib Dems.
The UK Green Labour Party will also run a Field Hospital for traumatised young Lib Dems.
The Green Labour Parliamentary Party will run a new Field Hospital for traumatised young Lib Dems.
The Green Party will also help to run as a Field Hospital for traumatised Lib Dems.
The UK Green Green Party will run a Field Hospital for the most traumatised Lib Dems.
Rand Paul narrowly won in his presidential election straw poll.
Rand Paul won his presidential special election by straw poll.
Rand Paul Stevens eventually won in his presidential straw poll.
Randi Paul soon won in his presidential straw poll.
Rand Paul won his presidential election by a straw poll.
A court ruled that the ruling EU should not lift sanctions it imposed, against the seven Iranian companies.
A court judge later ruled the EU government should lift the sanctions it imposed against the seven Iranian companies.
A court ruled the EU should also not lift sanctions that it already had imposed against seven Iranian companies.
A court ruled the EU - government should not lift sanctions it imposed against the other seven Iranian companies.
A court ruled the EU government alone should lift sanctions it had imposed against all the seven Iranian companies.
Judie has also celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary.
Judie celebrated on their own 50th wedding anniversary.
Judie celebrated their very own 50th wedding anniversary.
Judie celebrated it on their 50th wedding anniversary.
Judie celebrated on their own 50th wedding anniversary.
Proflight Zambia Airlines has successfully launched its second direct international route.
Proflight Air Zambia successfully launched on it its second international route.
Proflight Zambia successfully launched its own second direct direct international route.
Proflight Air of Zambia successfully launched its second scheduled international route.
Proflight Zambia successfully successfully launched its own second direct international route.
Nominations have been closed for the European Union and Parliamentary elections.
Nominationss have closed down for the 2014 European Parliamentary elections.
Nominations have closed for in the upcoming 2014 European Parliamentary elections.
Nominationss have closed for both the European Union Parliamentary elections.
Nominationss have been closed for the European Union Parliamentary elections.
American Science and Technology Engineering Inc. has received an initial order order for the 28 new " ZBV ® systems from a key US Middle East channel partner.
American Science Research and Engineering, Inc. has received an order specifically for the 28 ZBV ® systems, from a key Middle - East TV channel partner.
American Science and Technology Engineering Inc. has recently received and also an order for 28 ZBV ® systems, from being a key US Middle East channel partner.
American Science and Technology Engineering Inc. has also received one such an order specifically for 28 ZBV - ® systems, from a key Middle East channel partner.
American Computer Science and Engineering Inc. has received an initial order for 28 ZBV ® systems from CBS being a key US Middle East satellite TV channel partner.
He is now a turning producer along with Vishal Bharadwaj's Haider.
He is turning a new film producer with Vishal Bharadwaj's Haider.
He is also now turning producer along with Vishal Bharadwaj's Haider.
He is turning producer with music director Vishal in Bharadwaj's Haider.
He is turning a producer along with Vishal Kumar Bharadwaj's Haider.
AJ Griffin is scheduled on Monday morning to have elbow surgery.
AJ Griffins is also scheduled to also have elbow surgery.
AJR Griffin is scheduled on Monday to have elbow surgery.
AJ Griffin III is scheduled to have emergency right elbow surgery.
AJ Griffin, III is also scheduled to have elbow surgery.
A man made on murder conspiracy charges, he hit his wife, and he threatened her with a gun.
A man made on these two charges that he hit his wife and threatened her with using of a gun.
A man made on murder charges he hit his wife and he was threatened with killing her with a gun.
A man was made arrested on charges he hit on his wife, and threatened her again with a gun.
A young man made charges on charges he had hit his wife, and threatened her with having a gun.
MATTHEWS, Family Dollars, plans to cut some jobs, close and close about 370 stores.
MATTHEWS, Family of Dollars plans to cut some jobs, and close down about 370 stores.
MATTHEWS, Family of US Dollars plans plans to cut some jobs and close about 370 stores.
MATTHEWS, and Family Dollars plans to completely cut off some jobs and close about 370 stores.
MATTHEWS, Family Dollar Dollar Dollar plans to cut some jobs, and close down about 370 stores.
The dead body of a Sterling Heights man was found, buried along with the Clinton River.
The dead body bag of a Sterling Heights maniac was found floating along the Clinton River.
The empty body bag of a Sterling Heights man was later found floating along the Clinton River.
The dead body of a Sterling Heights maniac was also found along with the Clinton River.
The dead body bag of a Sterlington Heights man was found along the nearby Clinton River.
Barack - Obama also signed a massive campaign spending bill.
Barack Obama has also signed on a massive spending bill.
Barack - Obama also signed a massive campaign spending bill.
Barack - Obama signed on a new massive spending bill.
Barack Obama signed a massive new federal campaign spending bill.
Nissan Motor Co. is going headway - on to develop driverless cars by 2020.
Nissan Motor Co. Ltd is going to further develop driverless passenger cars, by 2020.
Nissan Motor Manufacturing Co. is also also going to help develop driverless cars by 2020.
Nissan Motor Manufacturing Co. Ltd is going to also develop driverless cars again by 2020.
Nissan Motor Co. is going - on to develop 100 new driverless cars by 2020.
Pope Francis will make it his first trip to the now very Holy Holy Land as pontiff.
Pope Francis Joseph I will now also make his first trip to the Holy Land as pontiff.
Pope Francis will make it his first official trip abroad to the Holy Land, as pontiff.
Pope Francis will make of it his first trip to see the entire Holy Land as pontiff.
Pope Francis will make his very first ever official trip to the Holy Land, as pontiff.
Dead Kennedys also perform Holiday In Old Town Cambodia in 1982.
Dead Kennedys perform on Holidays In Old Cambodia in 1982.
Dead Dead Dead Kennedys perform Holiday In The Cambodia in 1982.
Dead Dead Kennedys also perform A Holiday In Cambodia in 1982.
Dead Kennedys perform on A Long Holiday In Cambodia in 1982.
Charges have been dismissed against hiring a former Louisiana state prison chaplain.
Charges would have been dismissed, against only a former prison chaplain.
Charges have since been successfully successfully dismissed against a former prison chaplain.
Charges have since been dismissed against a not single former prison chaplain.
Charges have been successfully dismissed, against a single former prison chaplain.
Jose Mourinho, who will not contest a charge of improper conduct.
Jose Mourinho, will contest on a charge of alleged improper conduct.
Jose Maria José Mourinho will contest a charge made of improper conduct.
Jose Mourinho will not contest on a charge of alleged improper conduct.
Jose Mourinho will not contest a criminal charge made of improper conduct.
MGM Studios'll be teaming up again to remake Road House.
MGM Studios'll also be teaming up to remake Road House.
MGM'll also be teaming to later also remake Road House.
MGM'll be now, teaming to remake The Road House.
MGM'll also be now teaming up to remake Road House.
The megastar of Rajinikanth has only just recently turned 63.
The last megastar of Lord Rajinikanth has just turned 63.
The last megastar of Rajinikanth has now just turned 63.
The megastar of Rajinikanth, who himself has turned 63.
The young megastar of director Rajinikanth has just turned 63.
Sunday that night's hashtag, # # GRAMMYs, generated 13. 8 million - million tweets and 862 million impressions.
Sunday night's hashtag, # GRAMMYs, has generated over 13. 8 million new tweets and 862 - million impressions.
Sunday night's official Twitter hashtag, # # GRAMMYs, has generated 13. 8 million tweets and 862 million impressions.
Sunday night's hashtag, # # GRAMMYs, generated 13. 8 million unique Twitter tweets and over 862 million impressions.
Sunday that night's hashtag, # # GRAMMYs, generated 13. 8 million tweets, and over 862 million impressions.
Sharp Corp. has said it set - up its first new share offering price tag at Y279 per share.
Sharp Corp. said it set its new share by offering market price options at $ 1 Y279 per share.
Sharp Corp. also said, that it had set its new market share offering price at Y279 per share.
Sharp Corp. said it set its proposed new preferred - stock share - offering price at Y279 per share.
Sharp Corp. said it had set up its first ever new share offering and price at Y279 per share.
A Westminster Police man is also charged with four additional counts of distribution and another 10 counts each of possession of illegal child pornography.
A former Westminster man is also charged with the four 10 counts each of distribution and 10 counts of possession each of child pornography.
A Westminster man is charged with four counts of distribution and 10 counts, of illegal possession, and of distributing illegal child pornography.
A Westminster Police man is charged, with four counts of distribution and with 10 other counts of possession, of illegal child pornography.
A Westminster man is charged with four criminal counts, of distribution and 10 counts, of unlawful sexual possession, of child pornography.
A Lao Airlines plane also crashed into the Mekong River river, reportedly killing almost to all 44 people, nationals.
A Royal Laotian Airlines plane crashed directly into the upper Mekong river, killing all 441 people, nationals.
A Lao Airlines plane then crashed into the nearby upper Mekong river, killing almost to all 44 people, nationals.
A Lao Airlines plane crashed heavily into trees near the Mekong river, killing almost all but 44 people, nationals.
A Royal Royal Lao Airlines plane then crashed into the Mekong river, reportedly killing almost all 44 people, nationals.
Tayyip Erdogan has also said that Turkey also could ban Facebook and YouTube.
Tayyip Erdogan has also also said Turkey could also ban Facebook and YouTube.
Tayyip Ali of Erdogan has said Turkey could ban both Facebook and YouTube.
Tayyip Erdogan has said Turkey could ban its Facebook pages, and YouTube.
Tayyip Erdogan has said Turkey could not also ban Facebook pages and YouTube.
Harmony Gold Records also has not received a strike notice.
Harmony City Silver Gold has received only a strike notice.
Harmony City Gold has received only a single strike notice.
Harmony Gold Music Records has received a second strike notice.
Harmony City Silver Gold Mine has received a strike notice.
Victoria Azarenka has also battled at the 2010 US Open.
Victoria and Azarenka battled at winning at the US Open.
Victoria and Azarenka also battled at the 2010 US Open.
Victoria Azarenka battled at Wimbledon winning the 2011 US Open.
Victoria and Victoria Azarenka battled at the 2010 US Open.
West Brom closed it down, by appointing Pepe Mel as head coach.
West Ham Brom closed by appointing Pepe de Mel as new head coach.
West - Ham Brom closed down by appointing Pepe Mel as head coach.
West Bromwich closed down by appointing manager Pepe Mel as head coach.
West Brom closed down by appointing Pepe Melzerer as head coach.
New mayors are also now preparing to officially take office.
New mayors are also preparing candidates for to take office.
New York mayors also are preparing candidates to take office.
New - York mayors are preparing to officially take office.
New mayors are now preparing to officially officially take office.
A person not of interest in a Tulsa homicide - case investigation has been falsely arrested for a burglary.
A person of interest in a Tulsa homicide investigation has also recently also been arrested twice for a burglary.
A single person of interest involved in a Tulsa homicide investigation has been arrested twice for committing a burglary.
A person of interest involved in a recent Tulsa homicide has also been falsely arrested twice for a burglary.
A person of interest involved in a Tulsa homicide investigation, has also been arrested for committing a burglary.
Shah Rukh Ali Khan is posting pictures online of his kids online on his personal Facebook page.
Shah Rukh Khan, is currently posting the pictures of his kids on to his Facebook page.
Shaheed Rukh Khan is posting the latest pictures of his kids on his personal Facebook page.
Shah Rukh Khan is posting the pictures of all his own kids online on his Facebook page.
Shaheed Rukh Khan is currently posting pictures of all of his kids on his Facebook page.
A member must are not be charged with voting irregularities.
A member are charged only with certain minor voting irregularities.
A board member also may are charged with voting irregularities.
A board and member are charged only with voting irregularities.
A member are not charged directly with any voting irregularities.
Mike Shanahan, by himself was relieved of his duties.
Mike Shanahan was very soon relieved again of his duties.
Mike Shanahan was also later relieved of all his duties.
Mikey Shanahan himself, was relieved of his duties.
Mike Shanahan III was also relieved out of his duties.
Oprah Winfrey said she had suffered from symptoms of a nervous system breakdown over the struggling network.
Oprah Winfrey said that she suffered symptoms because of a nervous system breakdown over the struggling network.
Oprah Winfrey said that she suffered from symptoms of having a nervous breakdown over the struggling network.
Oprah Winfrey said she suffered from the first symptoms of a nervous breakdown taking over struggling network.
Oprah and Winfrey said she suffered symptoms because of a nervous system and breakdown over struggling network.
Billy and Graham turns out 95 are set.
Billy and Graham, turns 95 are set.
Billy Graham, in turns 95 are set.
Billy and Graham in turns 95 are set.
Billy Graham, turns 95, are set.
The death toll from such a mudslide northeast and out of Seattle, in eastern Washington, has risen to 14.
The death toll from a mudslide just northeast of Seattle, Washington, has long since risen, rising to 14.
The death toll, resulting from a mudslide just northeast of downtown Seattle, Washington, has since risen to 14.
The death toll resulting primarily from a large mudslide northeast of downtown Seattle, in Washington, has risen to 14.
The death toll from a mudslide northeast of downtown, Seattle, Washington, has risen up once again to 14.
You go straight to jail, for payday student loans in missouri.
You go to jail for your two hundred payday loans in missouri.
You go straight to jail for your payday student loans in missouri.
You go to jail for violating your payday loans, in missouri.
You could go straight to jail for your payday loans in missouri.
The Western US is watching developments in Pakistan after first reporting on the attack on Hamid Mir.
The US is watching developments in Pakistan after reporting the first terrorist attack was on Hamid Mir.
The US military is also watching developments in East Pakistan, after the attack on Hamid Mir.
The US is watching developments happening in East Pakistan, after the attack happened on Hamid Mir.
The US military is reportedly also watching developments happening in Pakistan after the attack on Hamid Mir.
Fox today, has announced 24.
Fox today has been announced 24.
Fox today has been announced 24.
Fox News today has announced 24.
Fox News is today announced 24.
Fremantle Media Media has hired as director its new new kids boss.
Fremantle Media Group has been hired as well its new kids boss.
Fremantle Media Group has hired as director its new new kids boss.
Fremantle Media Media Group has hired as its new new kids boss.
Fremantle Media has hired as its brand brand - new kids boss.
The Royal Nigerian Navy Navy has destroyed over 260 illegal oil refineries.
The Nigerian Navy has also destroyed over 260 illegal Nigerian oil refineries.
The Nigerian Navy has destroyed not just over 260 illegal oil refineries.
The Nigerian Navy has destroyed over 260 illegal offshore Nigerian oil refineries.
The Nigerian Navy also has destroyed 2600 other illegal oil refineries.
Katherine Heigl is currently suing a US pharmacy insurance company for US $ 6 million.
Katherine Heigl is suing a US pharmacy company for US $ $ US 6 million.
Katherine Heigl is currently considering suing a major US pharmacy for US $ 6 million.
Katherine Heiglbaumer is suing at least a US pharmacy for $ 6 million.
Katherine Heigl is currently considering suing a major major US pharmacy for $ 6 million.
Barcelona have been hit hard, with almost a one year transfer ban.
Barcelona have been also hit with a controversial one year long transfer ban.
Barcelona FC have been hit with almost a controversial one year transfer ban.
Barcelona have also been hard - hit with a one year transfer ban.
Barcelona FC have been hit with a controversial one - year transfer ban.
Game of Thrones Ascent will also launch for both iOS devices and Android.
Game of Thrones Ascent will launch apps available for both iOS and Android.
Game of Thrones Ascent will also launch apps available for iOS and Android.
Game Lords of the Thrones Ascent will launch for iOS devices and Android.
Game Lords of Thrones Ascent will launch apps for both iOS and Android.
I don ` t like entering into the phase of promoting all my films.
I just don'` t like the phase out of promoting my films.
I don ` t like the phase out of promoting all of my films.
I don ` t like entering the next phase two of promoting my films.
I just don'` t like the phase of promoting all my films.
Inter are also reportedly considering a possible January move for Sunderland for midfielder Emanuele Giaccherini.
Inter are also considering a possible January move, for Sunderland midfielder, Emanuele Giaccherini.
Inter are considering making it a January move for Sunderland for midfielder, Emanuele Giaccherini.
Inter are considering a January 2018 move for the former Sunderland midfielder, Emanuele Giaccherini.
Inter are considering a possible January, 2018 move for Sunderland for midfielder Emanuele Giaccherini.
Michael : Lindsay Lohan defends his daughter Lindsay.
Michael Lindsay Lohan defends his own daughter Lindsay.
Michael Lohan, also defends his daughter Lindsay.
Michael Lohan defends his own teenage daughter Lindsay.
Michael Lohan also publicly defends his daughter Lindsay.
North Korea also fired missiles deep into " the seabed off its eastern coast.
North Korea also fired missiles into the wide open sea off its far eastern coast.
North Korea fired missiles into the open sea just offshore off its far eastern coast.
North Korea fired missiles into the sea off of Taiwan off of its eastern coast.
North Korea fired missiles into the sea just offshore and off its far eastern coast.
Andrew Hawkins has joined from behind the Browns.
Andrew Hawkinson has since joined the Browns.
Andrew Hawkinson has joined from the Browns.
Andrew Hawkinson, has joined the Browns.
Andrew Hawkins has also joined from the Browns.
A dead Siberian tiger body was also found in only a single parked SUV in the area of Wenzhou.
A dead Siberian tiger was found dead in a parked SUV in near the urban area north of Wenzhou.
A dead Siberian white tiger was found in a SUV in the area north east and west of Wenzhou.
A dead male Siberian tiger was found buried in only a SUV in near the area south of Wenzhou.
A nearly partially dead Siberian white tiger was found in a SUV parked in near the area of Wenzhou.
Polaris will be also to help give away 60 year 2015 snowmobiles in 60 days.
Polaris Canada, will give away the 60 year 2015 snowmobiles, in 60 days.
Polaris Canada will also give away 60 model year 2015 snowmobiles in just 60 days.
Polaris Canada will also give away all 60 year 2015 snowmobiles in just 60 days.
Polaris will also give - - away 60 year 2015 for snowmobiles in 60 days.
San Antonio guard Manu Ginobili had also missed the Austin Spurs'game against the newly expansion Dallas Mavericks, because because of tightness in his left hamstring.
San Antonio Spurs guard Manu Ginobili missed the Spurs'game six game against the expansion Dallas Dallas Mavericks because of a chronic tightness in his left hamstring.
San Antonio guard, Manu Ginobili, also missed the Spurs'game opener against rivals the Dallas Mavericks, because of tightness in his lower left hamstring.
San Antonio guard Manu Ginobili missed the Austin Spurs'game six against rivals, the Dallas Mavericks because of suffering a tightness injury in his left hamstring.
San - Antonio guard, Manu Ginobili missed the Spurs'game against the Dallas Mavericks because because of a slight tightness in behind of his left hamstring.
Mamata Banerjee should be also held personally responsible even more if any constitutional crisis arises.
Mamata Devi Banerjee should also be held personally responsible if any future constitutional crisis arises.
Mamata Devi Banerjee should be also held personally responsible if ever any constitutional crisis arises.
Mamata Devi Banerjee should be also held personally responsible if ever any constitutional crisis arises.
Mamata Banerjee should be also held responsible if at almost ever any constitutional crisis arises.
Fulton County will host a county family planning meeting and teacher resource fair.
Fulton County Fulton County will also host a family and teacher resource fair.
Fulton County Schools will also host a family and youth teacher resource fair.
Fulton County County will also host a family and teacher - resource fair.
Fulton County will host a family and youth, teacher and resource fair.
Jack Lewton toured North America to warn Congress is playing with fire.
Jack Lew toured to warn Congress that he is not playing with fire.
Jack Lew toured to warn Congress is probably still not playing with fire.
Jack and Lew toured together to help warn Congress is playing with fire.
Jack Lewton toured to warn that Congress is playing along with fire.
A former MAN pilot has also died after falling from a boat.
A third MAN has apparently also died after falling from a boat.
A second MAN has also died after accidentally falling from a boat.
A MAN has died after falling down from drowning under a boat.
A MAN has also died, after falling down from a boat.
Reedy City opened up by splitting a pair up with Big Rapids.
Reedy City opened by first splitting a pair with nearby Big Rapids.
Reedy City opened up by splitting a pair with nearby Big Rapids.
Reed City was opened up by first splitting a pair with Big Rapids.
Reed City opened by first splitting a pair in 1886 with Big Rapids.
Philippine International Continental Airlines and Philippine PAL Express announced flight cancellations.
Philippine Airlines, and the airline PAL Express announced flight cancellations.
Philippine International Airlines and the airline PAL Express announced flight cancellations.
Philippine Airlines Express, and PAL Express announced their flight cancellations.
Philippine Airlines and PAL - 7 Express also announced flight cancellations.
Industrial nuclear power output in South Korea rose for almost two months.
Industrial output in all the South Korea rose steadily for two months.
Industrial production outputs in South - Korea rose for two months.
Industrial outputs in South - Korea rose for almost two months.
Industrial production outputs in South - Korea rose for two months.
International Small Business Machines Corp., will acquire Silverpop, also a software company.
International Business Machines International, Corp. will acquire Silverpop, a computer software company.
International Business Processing Machines Corp. will acquire Silverpop, also a software company.
International Small - Business Machines Corp. will acquire Silverpop, also a software company.
International Small Business Machines Corp. will acquire the Silverpop, a computer software company.
AnchorBank announced that it will open a new brand new West Allis branch.
AnchorBank announced that it also will open a brand new West Allis branch.
AnchorBank announced that 2017 it will open a new North West Allis branch.
AnchorBank announced that it also will open a brand new West Allis branch.
AnchorBank Group has announced it it will open a new West Allis branch.
The jury in hearing the trial of Carlow a violent young man falsely accused of of raping three girls has retired for a third night.
The jury in hearing the trial consisting only of Carlow a man accused of sexually raping the three girls has retired for a third night.
The jury found in the subsequent trial of Lord Justice Carlow that a man accused of raping three girls has retired for a third night.
The jury in hearing the trial of Carlow man falsely falsely accused of raping the three girls has been retired for a scheduled third night.
The grand jury in the trial consisting of Carlow man falsely accused of raping the three girls has been retired home for a third night.
India is also committed to helping resolve all the outstanding issues with Pakistan.
India is committed to resolve almost all outstanding border security issues with Pakistan.
India is committed also, to resolve all outstanding border issues with Pakistan.
India also is committed to resolve all outstanding border issues associated with Pakistan.
India is committed to resolve all of the other outstanding issues with Pakistan.
The Commonwealth must not always not be a particularly judgmental body.
The British Empire and Commonwealth must not be a judgmental body.
The Commonwealth must not always be considered a particularly judgmental body.
The British and Commonwealth Parliament must not be a judgmental body.
The Commonwealth must also also not be a particularly judgmental body.
FX has renewed The Americans for only a second possible third season.
FX has not renewed The Americans for only for a third season.
FX has also renewed for The Americans for a possible third season.
FX has also renewed The Young Americans for only a third season.
FX Networks has also renewed The Young Americans for a third season.
This is not the same old Keystone decision you would think it is.
This is just not like the Keystone House decision you think it is.
This decision is not the only Keystone decision you think, it is.
This is not the Keystone House decision that you would think it is.
This decision is not the Keystone decision you think, but it is.
Adrien Broner has vowed to never take full control over boxing.
Adrien Broners also, has vowed to take over boxing.
Adrien Broner has vowed to take full control personally over boxing.
Adrienne Broner has since vowed to not take over boxing.
Adrien Broners has since vowed to not take over boxing.
A lawsuit settlement seeks $ $ 65 million damages for racial profiling practices.
A lawsuit filed also seeks $ 655 million for racial profiling practices.
A lawsuit settlement seeks $ $ 65 million damages for racial profiling practices.
A lawsuit seeks $ $ 65 million for its racial - profiling practices.
A federal lawsuit also seeks $ 65 million for its racial profiling practices.
Wutip, in the tenth, it has killed five people, and injured 159.
Wutip, only the tenth, of which has killed five people, injured 159.
Wutip, in the distant tenth, also has killed five people, injured 159.
Wutip, in the tenth, has killed only five people, and injured 159.
Wutip, the northern tenth, has killed five or more people, injured 159.
The Tokyo Japan International Auto Motor Show opened to the public.
The 1964 Tokyo Motor Show was opened to all the public.
The Tokyo International Motor Motorcycle Show opened to the public.
The Tokyo Motorcycle Motor Show was opened to the public.
The Tokyo International Motor Show was also opened to the public.
Alice In Chains, Halifax will be playing the new Downtown Halifax Metro Centre this summer.
Alice Alice In Chains will be playing the annual Halifax Metro Metro Centre Festival this summer.
Alice In Chains, will be playing at the new Halifax Metro Metro Centre this summer.
Alice In The Chains will be seen playing the new downtown Halifax Metro Centre this summer.
Alice, In Chains, will be playing at the Halifax Metro Centre later this summer.
Dickinson also competed in triple jump at Berlin at the 1936 Berlin Games.
Dickinson also competed in triple - jump at the inaugural 1936 Berlin Games.
Dickinson competed in the triple - jump event at the 1936 Berlin Games.
Dickinson competed in triple jump at Berlin at the inaugural 1936 Berlin Games.
Dickinson competed in triple jump at the 1936 Summer East - Berlin Games.
Kim Kardashian and rapper Kanye West West are engaged, both according to reports.
Kim Kardashian and rapper Kanye West are engaged, according to according to reports.
Kim Kardashian, and Kanye West West are not engaged, according to reports.
Kimber Kardashian and Kanye West are not engaged, according to to reports.
Kim Kardashian and rapper Kanye West West are not engaged, according to reports.
The arms dealer and lobbyists had become very powerful.
The arms lobby in itself had suddenly become very powerful.
The arms lobby itself had become into something very powerful.
The arms dealer lobbyists had become suddenly very powerful.
The arms lobby itself itself had suddenly become very powerful.
A closer look back at the possible penalties agreed to by players and Major League of Baseball officials on a Monday in the Biogenesis drug case.
A look at all the penalties agreed to by players and Major League Baseball officials occurred early on a Monday in the Biogenesis syndrome drug case.
A look at all of the penalties agreed to them by players and Major - League Baseball Baseball officials on Monday in the Biogenesis drug case.
A look at the legal penalties agreed to by players'and Major ex - Negro League Baseball officials on Monday in the Biogenesis drug case.
A look at the possible penalties agreed to by players and Major League of Baseball officials occurred on Monday in the Biogenesis - syndrome drug case.
A flagship of public education education policy is making a tangible difference.
A flagship education policy statement is making such a very tangible difference.
A flagship education policy is making such an education a tangible difference.
A flagship of public education policy is about making a tangible difference.
A relatively new flagship education reform policy is making a tangible difference.
A - 10 - - Warthogs downed by budget cuts.
A - 10 Warthog downed two aircraft by the budget cuts.
A few B - 10 Warthog downed aircraft by budget cuts.
A - 10 Warthog was almost downed entirely by budget cuts.
A - 10 Warthog was also downed by the budget cuts.
The California Angels today acquired Hector Santiago, and Tyler Skaggs respectively from the expansion Arizona Diamondbacks.
The Angels today acquired pitchers Hector Santiago and Tyler Lee Skaggs, from then the Arizona Diamondbacks.
The California Angels today acquired Hector Juan Santiago and outfielder Tyler Lee Skaggs from the Arizona Diamondbacks.
The Angels today also have acquired Hector Santiago and Tyler Skaggs respectively from then the Arizona Diamondbacks.
The Angels today acquired Hector, Santiago and Tyler Skaggs, respectively from then the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Wimbledon doubles - finalist Sabine von Lisicki withdrew from the Brisbane International due to suffering a severe stomach illness.
Wimbledon finalist Sabine Sue Lisicki then withdrew too early on from the Brisbane International due to a stomach illness.
Wimbledon finalist Sabine von Lisicki withdrew from the March 2010 Brisbane International tournament due to to a stomach illness.
Wimbledon finalist, and Sabine Lisicki withdrew from the Brisbane International tournament, due to a serious stomach illness.
Wimbledon finalist, and Sabine Lisicki withdrew early from the Brisbane International tournament, due to a stomach illness.
Security forces also will continue relief relief work even in earthquake affected areas.
Security forces also will continue their relief work elsewhere in earthquake affected areas.
Security forces will continue relief work elsewhere in the remaining earthquake affected areas.
Security forces will also continue their relief work even in earthquake affected areas.
Security - forces will continue relief work even in the earthquake affected areas.
A earthquake rolled down across the entire Los Angeles Angeles basin.
A earthquake had rolled across into the Los - Angeles basin.
A earthquake rolled across the entire Los Angeles - Angeles basin.
A massive earthquake had rolled down across the Los Angeles basin.
A earthquake that had rolled across the Los - Angeles basin.
The Indian Union Supreme Judicial High Court has re - criminalized gay sex.
The Indian National Union Supreme Court has re - criminalized the gay sex.
The South East Indian Supreme Court has re - criminalized the gay sex.
The former South Indian Supreme Court has retro - criminalized gay sex.
The Indian Supreme Court has not retro - ever criminalized gay sex.
Markets were mostly down as hedge fund managers shift capital from mainland Southeast Asia to the US.
Markets there were mostly down as the fund managers shift from the Southeast Asia to the US.
Markets were mostly shut down as fund managers shift from Asia to reach deeper into the US.
Markets were mostly down as the fund managers shift away from East Asia to to the US.
Markets there were mostly down as hedge fund managers shift money from Southeast Asia to the US.
A light is being blamed, for a very large fire at the Boston Pizza Pizza Pizza in Orillia.
A red light is being falsely falsely blamed, for a fire at the New Boston Pizza in Orillia.
A light truck is also being falsely blamed for a major fire at the Boston Pizza Pizza in Orillia.
A red light is being falsely falsely blamed for a fire at the Boston Pizza Pizza Center in Orillia.
A street light company is being falsely blamed, for a fire, at the Boston Pizza in Orillia.
Freesat. TV has added Demand 5.
Freesat TV has added On Demand 5.
Freesat has added the On Demand 5.
Freesat. TV has added Demand 5.
Freesat has since also added Demand 5.
Europe has lost a lot because of losing its sovereignty to markets.
Europe has lost a great lot of its economic sovereignty to markets.
Europe has also also lost a lot of sovereignty due to markets.
Europe has lost itself quite a whole lot of sovereignty to markets.
Europe itself has lost a lot of more of sovereignty to markets.
John Paul Moores will have Military Attack peaking third for the 2018 Hong Kong Cup.
John Moore will have Military Air Attack peaking for the upcoming 2018 Hong - Kong Cup.
John Paul Moore will have a Military Attack, peaking for the Hong - Kong Cup.
John Moore will also have Military Airlift Attacks peaking for the Hong Kong Cup.
John Moore will have Military Attacks peaking for the then upcoming 2018 Hong Kong Cup.
It also had arrested a village council deputy headman and 43 others for their involvements in rail track vandalism.
It had also arrested a village council head and 43 others for their involvement in illegally stopping the rail track vandalism.
It had arrested a village head and 43 others for publicly revealing their own alleged involvement in the rail track vandalism.
It also had arrested a village council headman and 43 others for their alleged involvement in rail and track vandalism.
It has also had arrested a village head and 43 others arrested for their alleged alleged involvement in rail track vandalism.
Council voted to temporarily move all the equipment at the new New Glasgow's southend playground.
Council voted to temporarily move the equipment at the new New Glasgow's new southend playground.
Council also voted unanimously to move the playground equipment at the New Glasgow's southend playground.
Council members also voted to move the playground equipment at New Glasgow's new southend playground.
Council also voted unanimously to move over all the equipment at New Glasgow's southend playground.
Microsoft will offer OneDrives Suite for Business as a free standalone service.
Microsoft Windows will offer OneDrives for Businesses as a standalone service.
Microsoft will also offer Microsoft OneDrive Suite for Business as a standalone service.
Microsoft Microsoft Windows will offer OneDrive for Business as a free standalone service.
Microsoft Windows will offer OneDrives for Business as a free standalone service.
His intentions were good but Somnath Bharti, he too was projected in a very wrong way.
His good intentions were very good but Somnath, Bharti, was projected in a wrong way.
His good intentions were good but like the Somnath Bharti, was projected in a wrong way.
His original intentions however were good but Somnath Bharti was projected forward in a very wrong way.
His intentions were good but Somnatha Bharti was being projected in such as a wrong way.
The Fort Hood Indian Union soldier accused of both stealing and trying to sell the explosives is thrown out of jail.
The Fort - Hood soldier accused him of stealing and trying to illegally - to sell explosives is out of jail.
The Fort Hood Fort Hood Texas Army soldier accused him of stealing and trying to sell explosives is out of jail.
The only former Fort Hood soldier accused of of stealing and trying to illegally - sell explosives is out of jail.
The Fort Hood Army soldier accused of both stealing and trying to illegally sell explosives is out out cold of jail.
Kitsap County Council is seeking new county road project ideas.
Kitsap County is currently also seeking new road project ideas.
Kitsap County is also seeking new road improvement project ideas.
Kitsap County is seeking road improvement plans and project ideas.
Kitsap County Council is also actively seeking road project ideas.
Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker also will also occasionally visit Signicast's facility.
Wisconsin Lieutenant Governor - Governor Scott Walker will visit Signicast's facility.
Wisconsin Lieutenant Governor Scott Walker will visit the Wisconsin Signicast's facility.
Wisconsin Republican Lieutenant - Governor Scott Walker will visit Signicast's facility.
Wisconsin Lieutenant Governor Scott Walker will also visit the Signicast's facility.
Los Angeles, Rapper, and American rapper Chris Brown has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
Los Angeles, Rapper Chrissie Ann Brown, has been diagnosed with a bipolar disorder.
Los - Angeles, California Rapper, Chris Brown has also been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
Los Angeles, Rapper Chrissie Ann Brown, who has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
Los Angeles, Rapper, and Chris Brown has all been diagnosed simultaneously with bipolar disorder.
McFadden Family Restaurant and the Sports Saloon in downtown Nashville is now offering opportunities to host fantasy football drafts.
McFadden Restaurants and Saloon in Nashville is now also also offering opportunities online to host fantasy football drafts.
McFadden Restaurant and Saloon located in Nashville is now also also offering opportunities to also host fantasy football drafts.
McFadden Restaurant and Saloon in Nashville, is now also offering to annually host annual NFL fantasy football drafts.
McFadden Restaurant and Saloon in Nashville, is now offering venues to host the annual fantasy college football drafts.
Iran will immediately export more Iranian crude oil, once sanctions therein are lifted.
Iran will immediately and also immediately export more crude crude oil once sanctions are lifted.
Iran also will immediately export more Iranian crude - oil once the sanctions are lifted.
Iran will immediately export even more crude crude oil once all the sanctions are lifted.
Iran will then immediately export out even more more crude oil once sanctions are lifted.
Plans to cut down the dozens more acres of the silver birches planted beside a railway line have come under fire.
Plans like to cut - down dozens of the silver birches beside a railway line have to come back under fire.
Plans to deliberately cut down dozens of silvered birches right beside a railway line would have come back under fire.
Plans to cut - down the dozens of silver birches lying beside - a railway - line have come under fire.
Plans to cut down dozens of the silvered birches beside such a railway line, would have come under fire.
The legal - related services sector has added 2, 700 jobs in August.
The legal services sector added over 2, 700 new jobs nationwide in August.
The legal services services sector added over 2, 700 jobs worldwide in August.
The legal services sector has added 2, 000 700 jobs nationwide in August.
The legal services sector added over 2, 000 700 jobs nationwide in August.
More than 50 people were also seriously injured resulting in fire during the Independence Day celebrations.
More than 50 more people were seriously injured in the forest fire during Independence Day celebrations.
More than than 50 people also were injured in fire fighting during the Independence Day celebrations.
More more than than 50 people were injured resulting in fire during the Independence Day celebrations.
More than a 50 million more people were injured in fire fighting during Independence Day celebrations.
PNC Financial & Services Management Services Group Inc. is expanding in Canada.
PNC Financial Financial Services Group, Inc., is expanding in Canada.
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. is currently expanding operations elsewhere in Canada.
PNCC Financial Services Group, Inc., is expanding in Canada.
PNC Financial Services Investments Group, Inc. is expanding in Canada.
Allen - Westbrooke is leaving at Pajamas Media.
Allen West is now leaving work entirely at Pajamas Media.
Allen Westbrooke is leaving work at Pajamas Media.
Allen - West is leaving to work at Pajamas Media.
Allen and West is seen leaving at the Pajamas Media.
French deputy co - chair of the OSCE Minsk Group Jacques Le Faure, has arrived back in Baku.
French co - chairperson of the OSCE Minsk Group Jacques Le Bon Faure has arrived back in Baku.
French co - opted chair of the then new OSCE Minsk Working Group Jacques Faure has arrived in Baku.
French cox - chair of the the OSCE Minsk Group, Jacques Faure has arrived back in Baku.
French co - chairperson of the new OSCE Minsk Group, Jacques Faure has also arrived in Baku.
The right rights to free speech have also long been under attack.
The right to free - speech speech would have been under attack.
The right not to have any free speech have been under attack.
The right to free speech may have been put increasingly under attack.
The constitutional right to free speech have also been put under attack.
Michael says Anaba is bidding for his time to break into with the Elchez first team.
Michael says that Anaba is bidding his time to finally break back into the Elche first team.
Michael de la Anaba is bidding his time to break into the Real San Elche first team.
Michael Anaba is now bidding for his time to break into with the Elchez first team.
Michael says Anaba is just bidding his time to finally break into the Elchez first team.
Kellogg & Sons Co. plans to close the two plants and expand.
Kellogg Co. has plans also to close two manufacturing plants and expand.
Kellogg Co. plans to close two major manufacturing plants, and expand.
Kellogg Co. plans by now to close two plants, and expand.
Kellogg Co. plans to permanently close two manufacturing plants, and expand.
Santander Group is today launching a range line of zero - fee products.
Santander Group is also today launching with a range of zero fee products.
Santander Group is today launching a range of zero - interest fee products.
Santander Group is today launching a range line consisting of zero fee products.
Santander Group is also today launching a new range of zero fee products.
Mikey Smith comes right back up with two clutch saves.
Mike Smither comes up with only his two clutch saves.
Mikey - Smith comes back up with two clutch saves.
Mike Smith comes up short with his only two clutch saves.
Mikey Smith comes back up with two more clutch saves.
DeSean Jackson was fined twice for taking a controversial facemask penalty.
DeSeann - Jackson was later fined for a facemask penalty.
DeSean Jackson was fined for taking out a controversial facemask penalty.
DeSean Jackson, also was fined twice for a facemask penalty.
DeSean Jackson was later fined for a five second facemask penalty.
Russian police detained hundreds, moving to help curb protests overcoming the jailing and conditions of activists.
Russian police have detained in several hundreds, moving to curb protests over increasing the jailing of activists.
Russian riot police detained hundreds, some moving to curb protests overcoming the jailing conditions of activists.
Russian riot police detained hundreds, moving to help curb the protests and over the jailing of activists.
Russian police detained several hundreds, some moving to curb protests over reducing the jailing conditions of activists.
Hikaru Utada The announced singer singer - songwriter will marry to an Italian man.
Hikaru Utada announced singer - songwriter she will not marry an Italian Italian man.
Hikaru Utada announced singer singer - songwriter will marry her to an Italian man.
Hikaru Utada announced singer - songwriter she will not ever marry an Italian man.
Hikaru Utada announced the singer - songwriter who will marry to an Italian man.
Georges St - Jean Pierre will not step away.
Georges St - Pierre, will not step away.
Georges, St - Pierre, will step away.
Georges St - Pierre, will not step away.
Georges St - Jean Pierre, will step away.
Jose Mourinho, has also urged Chelsea'fans to give Samuele Eto'o time.
Jose Mourinho, himself has urged Chelsea'fans to give Samuele Eto'o time.
Jose Eduardo Mourinho, himself has urged Chelsea fans not to give Samuel Eto'o time.
Jose Mourinho has urged the visiting Chelsea fans not to even give Samuel Eto'o time.
Jose Mourinho has urged Chelsea fans not to help him to give Samuel Eto'o time.
Two young girls, were trapped in, a, train carriage.
Two young girls were trapped close together in a, train carriage.
Two girls, who were trapped in a, abandoned train carriage.
Two girls were trapped in, and possibly a, train carriage.
Two young teenage girls were found trapped in a, train carriage.
The original Mack Brown family saga continues.
The original Johnny Mack Brown saga continues.
The original Johnny Mack Brown saga continues.
The original Johnny Mack Brown saga continues.
The entire original Mack Brown saga continues.
City Councilman Jose Jose Huizar called his personal relationship with such a senior staffer a huge mistake.
City Councilman Juan Jose de Huizarro called his relationship relationship with a staffer a huge mistake.
City Councilman Jose Antonio Huizar called ending his relationship relationship with such a staffer a huge mistake.
City Councilman Juan Jose Huizar called out his relationship with a staffer, as a huge mistake.
City Councilman Jose - Antonio Huizar called his alleged sexual relationship with a staffer a huge mistake.
Tiger Woods had withdrawn early from this week's Arnold - Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Tiger Woods had withdrawn from this week's annual Arnold Palmer - Palmer Invitational.
Tiger Woods had withdrawn early from this week's twenty second Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Tiger Woods, had withdrawn from this previous week's second Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Tiger Woods, had withdrawn from playing this week's second Arnold Palmer Invitational.
He revealed he underwent a shock treatment, to deal with in injuring his knee.
He revealed that he underwent shock - wave treatment to deal pain in his knee.
He revealed he underwent shock - wave treatment, to deal in injuring his knee.
He revealed he underwent shock treatment, to help help deal in injuring his knee.
He revealed he underwent shock wave treatment, to help him deal in his knee.
The kidnappers Diya were later remanded in Pakistani military police custody.
The two kidnappers Diyad Ahmed were remanded in police custody.
The kidnappers Diyaz were later remanded in Pakistani police custody.
The kidnappers and of Abdul Diya were remanded in police custody.
The kidnappers and of Diya were remanded in Pakistani police custody.
San Francisco Giants pitcher John Chadwick Gaudin has been also been charged with lewdness.
San Francisco Giants starting relief pitcher Chad Gaudin has also been charged twice with lewdness.
San Francisco Giants starting pitcher Chad Gaudin has been also charged over twice with lewdness.
San - Francisco Giants starting pitcher, Chad Gaudin, has been charged with lewdness.
San Francisco Giants'pitcher, Chad Gaudiny has also been charged with lewdness.
Marcel Siemens has also signed up with Wilson Staff.
Marcel van Siem has also signed with the Wilson Staff.
Marcel van Siem has signed - on with Wilson Staff.
Marcel Siemensen has signed with the Wilson Staff.
Marcel Siemens has also signed with the Wilson Staff.
The county was awarded the funding with a recycling grant.
The county municipal government was awarded with a recycling grant.
The county government was also awarded a federal recycling grant.
The entire Washington county area was awarded a recycling grant.
The county was awarded funding along with a recycling grant.
The new European Commission, would send out a mission to Gibraltar.
The new European Commission would also send a mission team to Gibraltar.
The European Union Commission would also later send a mission to Gibraltar.
The European Commission would send out on a special mission to Gibraltar.
The European Commission would also later send a diplomatic mission to Gibraltar.
Two Hindu pilgrims were killed themselves in accident, in Kalavad taluka of Jamnagar district.
Two Hindu pilgrims killed in an accident in the Kalavadgaon taluka of Jamnagar district.
Two hundred Hindu pilgrims killed in such an accident in Kalavad taluka of Jamnagar district.
Two pilgrims who were also killed in accident in Kalavadgaon taluka of Jamnagar district.
Two Hindu pilgrims killed in accident occurred in the Kalavadgaon taluka of Jamnagar district.
Zoustar is more likely to also campaign heavily during the Autumn Carnival.
Zoustar is likely to also campaign during during of the Autumn Carnival.
Zoustar is likely set to campaign again during the upcoming Autumn Carnival.
Zoustari is likely assigned to campaign during the Italian Autumn Carnival.
Zoustar is likely planning to campaign again sometime during the Autumn Carnival.
George, as HW Bush, has joined Twitter.
George HW Bush, has also recently joined Twitter.
George, HW. Bush, has joined Twitter.
George HW. W Bush, has joined Twitter.
George HW Bush, who has also joined Twitter.
Burton had also won the winning pole at Chicagoland Speedway.
Burton also won the pole position position at Chicagoland Speedway.
Burton won the pole at the August 2010 Chicagoland Speedway.
Burton also won the pole position at the Chicagoland Speedway.
Burton won from the pole position position at Chicagoland Speedway.
A Dodge Challenger Challenger Challenger has been stolen back in the United States.
A Dodge Challenger has reportedly also been stolen in western the United States.
A Dodge Challenger Challenger Challenger has been stolen back in the United States.
A Dodge Challenger car has also been stolen in the western United States.
A Dodge Challenger sports car has been reported stolen in the United States.
Austin ISD schools also, will not operate on a normal schedule.
Austin ISD and schools will operate together on almost a normal schedule.
Austin, ISD schools will now operate on almost a normal schedule.
Austin ISD public schools will operate on a fairly normal normal schedule.
Austin ISD schools of today will operate on a fairly normal schedule.
Thailand government also is not ready to share aeronautical information.
Thailand Airlines is ready to share all its aeronautical information.
Thailand is not ready now to freely share aeronautical information.
Thailand Note : Government is ready to share aeronautical information.
Thailand is not ready by now to share aeronautical information.
An unidentified unidentified elderly Indian woman, has been reunited with her family.
An unidentified elderly woman who has been recently reunited alive with her family.
An unidentified, elderly woman has been recently reunited with all her family.
An unidentified elderly Indian woman has only recently been reunited with her family.
An unidentified unidentified elderly Indian woman who has been reunited with her family.
The Rehabilitation Research Institute District of Chicago welcomed the four new residents.
The Rehabilitation Institute District of Chicago also welcomed the four new residents.
The Rehabilitation Medical Institute of Chicago welcomed all the four new residents.
The Rehabilitation Medical Institute of Chicago has welcomed four thousand new residents.
The Social Rehabilitation Research Institute of Chicago welcomed four thousand new residents.
Rahula Gandhi met with Manmohan Singh.
Rahul Gandhi met with President Manmohan Singh.
Rahul Gandhi also met with Manmohan Singh.
Rahula Gandhi also met Manmohan Singh.
Rahul Gandhi met with President Manmohan Singh.
Leicester City boss Nigella Lawson Pearson will undergo tests while in hospital.
Leicester City new boss, Nigella Pearson will undergo tests in hospital.
Leicester City boss Nigella Pearson will also also undergo tests in hospital.
Leicester - City team boss, Nigel Pearson will undergo tests in hospital.
Leicester City boss Nigella Lawson Pearson, will undergo tests in hospital.
Diante Garrett later signed with, the Oklahoma - City Thunder.
Dianter Garrett signed with, the expansion Oklahoma City Thunder.
Dianter Garrett signed with, the Oklahoma - City Thunder.
Diante Garrett then signed him on with the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Diantes Garrett later signed with, the Oklahoma City Thunder.
The boat, the Sea King, had arrived safely in Atlantic Beach.
The boat Sea - King, arrived safely back home in Atlantic Beach.
The boat Sea King, arrived back home safely back in Atlantic Beach.
The American patrol boat Sea King, arrived safely back in Atlantic Beach.
The boat Sea - Lion King, arrived safely in the Atlantic Beach.
Chinese president Xi Jinping also has been named head general of a special national - security commission.
Chinese president Xi Jinping has also recently been named the head of a special national security commission.
Chinese president Xi Jinping also, has been recently named head of a national - security commission.
Chinese president Xi Jinping also has been named head - general of a special national security commission.
Chinese president, Xi Jinping has been also named the head of a special national security commission.
Fort Hood Police shooter Nidal Hasan has also been sentenced twice to death.
Fort - Hood Police shooter Nidal Hasan has been sentenced twice to death.
Fort Hood Police shooter, Nidal Ali Hasan has been sentenced to death.
Fort - Hood shooter Nidal Hasani has also been sentenced to death.
Fort - Hood shooter Nidal Hasani has been also sentenced to death.
Documents outline plans are used to market state parks suitable for drilling.
Documents outline plans being used to market state oil parks for drilling.
Documents also help outline state plans to market state parks for drilling.
Documents outline plans used primarily to market the state parks for drilling.
Documents outline plans to successfully market all the state parks for drilling.
Its a how that much gabapentin'getss you high.
Its a wonder how much gabapentin gets to keep you high.
Its not a howl that much gabapentin gets you high.
Its just a little wonder how much gabapentin gets you high.
Its just a how much the damn gabapentin gets you high.
Saks Incorporated's Saks - Fifth Avenue store OFF 5TH plans to open it next to the relocated store at Across the Potomac Mills.
Saks, Incorporated's Saks Fifth Avenue - OFF - $ 5TH plans are to open to the relocated department store at Potomac Mills.
Saks Incorporated's new store Saks Fifth - Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH plans to open to replace, the relocated store at Potomac Mills.
Saks Incorporated's new Saks Fifth Avenue - Avenue OFF 5TH plans are to open next to the relocated store at the Potomac Mills.
Saks Incorporated's Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH expansion plans were to open to the newly relocated flagship store, located at Potomac Mills.
Toyota Indonesia Motor Industry Holdings Corporation will spend to build a new engine plant somewhere in Indonesia.
Toyota International Motor Holdings Holdings Holdings Corporation will spend to build a new engine plant in Indonesia.
Toyota Motor Corporation will spend to help help build a new engine plant somewhere else in Indonesia.
Toyota Motor Holdings Corporation will also spend to help build a new Toyota engine plant in Indonesia.
Toyota Motor Corporation Indonesia will spend to build up a new Toyota engine plant somewhere in Indonesia.
A senior Taliban commander was reportedly also killed while in Pakistan.
A former senior Taliban military commander was killed while in Pakistan.
A former senior Taliban commander was reportedly also killed in Pakistan.
A senior Pakistani Taliban military commander, was killed in Pakistan.
A former senior Taliban commander, was also killed in Pakistan.
Hearts need rhythm, rhythm even if they have blood to pump.
Hearts need rhythm even even though sometimes they have blood to pump.
Hearts need rhythm even even though they have no blood to pump.
Hearts that beat need rhythm, even they have blood to pump.
Hearts need a rhythm even though they still have blood to pump.
The Reds will open the season, along with with eight players placed on the disabled list.
The Cincinnati Reds will open the 2017 MLB season with eight players placed on the disabled list.
The Reds organization will also officially open the season with eight players placed on the disabled list.
The 2018 Cincinnati Reds will open the season with eight players on the currently designated disabled list.
The Reds will open the 2017 season with just eight players on to the designated disabled list.
The TSTC flight training flight school will close.
The TSTC certified flight training school will close.
The TSTC flight school administration building will close.
The TSTC - certified flight school will close.
The former TSTC certified flight school will close.
Maja Salvadore has also celebrated her birthday on ASAP.
Maja El Salvador celebrated her 60th birthday performing on ASAP.
Maja Salvador also officially celebrated on her birthday on ASAP.
Maja El Salvador celebrated her 60th - birthday on ASAP.
Maja Salvador is celebrated on her 60th birthday on ASAP.
Azerbaijan Republic will also have record higher oil output this year.
Azerbaijan will record a higher annual oil output in this year.
Azerbaijan Republic will record higher oil - production output this year.
Azerbaijan Democratic Republic will have record higher oil output this year.
Azerbaijan will record higher oil production outputs in this year.
Tommy Lee has announced his engagement back to actress, Sofia Toufa.
Tommy Lee Lee has announced that his engagement back to Sofia Toufa.
Tommy Lee Jones III has also announced his engagement to Sofia Toufa.
Tommy Lee Jones has announced his upcoming engagement to actress Sofia Toufa.
Tommy Lee - Jones has announced his upcoming engagement to Sofia Toufa.
Sri Lanka Naval Navy released 116 fisherman.
Sri Lanka released only about 116 fisherman.
Sri - Lanka Navy released 116 fisherman.
Sri Lanka Navy released another 116 fisherman.
Sri Lanka Naval Navy released 116 fisherman.
The whole idea, that of mandatory landlord registration should be rejected.
The idea of a mandatory landlord registration should therefore not be rejected.
The idea of mandatory landlord registration should therefore not always be rejected.
The whole idea that of mandatory landlords registration should be rejected.
The whole idea of mandatory landlords registration should not be rejected.
The job creation market is showing signs of not increasing the gains.
The job creation market is still not showing signs of the gains.
The job market is showing almost no signs of making the gains.
The job market is showing all the signs ahead of the gains.
The job market sector is also still showing signs of the gains.
Apple II technology has reduced both the MFi licensing and cost for Lightning cables and accessories.
Apple has reduced the MFi licensing and cost for Lightning - II wireless cables and accessories.
Apple has reduced significantly the total MFi licensing cost for all the Lightning cables and accessories.
Apple technology has reduced almost significantly the MFi licensing cost for Lightning II cables and accessories.
Apple has since also reduced the MFi licensing cost required for the Lightning cables and accessories.
Facebook CEO Marky Zuckerberg publicly has also called for immigration reform.
Facebook CEO, Senator Mark Zuckerberg publicly called Trump for immigration reform.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has publicly publicly called for comprehensive immigration reform.
Facebook CEO, Mark Zuckerberg publicly called for a comprehensive immigration reform.
Facebook Group CEO Mark Zuckerberg also publicly has called for immigration reform.
Jordan - Connerton, who has returned to Lancaster City.
Jordan Connerton has returned to represent the former Lancaster City.
Jordan - Jordan Connerton has returned home to Lancaster City.
Jordan Connerton has since returned to represent the Lancaster City.
Jordan Connerton, has also since returned to Lancaster City.
Zone of the Siachen is going to eventually become the world second biggest garbage dump.
Zone # 1 of Siachen city is also going to become the biggest garbage dump.
Zone of Siachen which is going on to also have become the biggest garbage dump.
Zone 1 of the Siachen is also going to become the second biggest garbage dump.
Zone of Siachen is by now probably also going to become the biggest garbage dump.
Two best friends died in 2005 in a serious car accident.
Two best - ever friends died suddenly in a car accident.
Two best friends died in in a tragic tragic car accident.
Two best - friends died in influenza a car accident.
Two best friends died suddenly in after a tragic car accident.
The confusing care system, that it drives people to breaking point with.
The increasingly confusing care system drives people to a possible breaking point with.
The confusing health - care system drives many people to breaking point with.
The confusing care system drives the young people to breaking the point with.
The confusing health - care delivery system drives people to breaking point with.
Weir Group is investing over £. 5 70m in Malaysia.
Weir Group is investing over £ 70m USD annually in Malaysia.
Weir Group is investing around £ 70m annually, in Malaysia.
Weir Group is investing over the US £ 70m in Malaysia.
Weirs International Investment Group is investing £ 70m in Malaysia.
Alabama beat reporters Andrew and Gribble talk, after missing the spring practice, mentioning all the hot dog days.
Alabama football fans also beat reporters Andrew Gribble talk after missing the spring practice, even mentioning the dog days.
Alabama fans also beat reporters Andrew Gribble to talk after the 2009 spring football practice, mentioning the dog days.
Alabama beat out reporters Andrew Gribble to talk after missing out the spring practice, without mentioning the dog days.
Alabama beat the reporters to Andrew Gribble talk after almost missing the entire spring practice, mentioning the dog days.
SaharaFU chief Subrata Roy Singh will remain in custody.
Sahara chief minister Subrata Roy will also also remain in custody.
SaharaF chief Subrata Roy Singh, will remain in custody.
Sahara chief, Subrata Singh Roy, will remain in custody.
Sahara chief Subrata Roy - Singh will also remain in custody.
The Goa Government medical college also has renotified rates in its own and private wards.
The South Goa medical college has also also renotified rates rates in its private wards.
The South Goa medical college has also also renotified medical rates in its private wards.
The Goa medical college has also renotified rates in its very first three private wards.
The North East Goa medical college, has also renotified rates in its private wards.
Antrim, and Tyrone have become champions among the first county Gaelic football sides to reach the Milk Cup finals.
Antrim and Tyrone have also become among the first Ulster county football sides ever to reach the Milk Cup finals.
Antrim and Tyrone respectively have since also become the first county sides ever to reach all the Milk Cup finals.
Antrim and South East Counties Tyrone have become the first county sides to ever ever reach the Milk Cup finals.
Antrim and Tyrone have become the first county football championship sides, ever to reach the Milken Cup finals.
Stevie Wonder is reportedly planning him to release two albums the next year.
Stevie Boy Wonder is planning to only release two more albums next year.
Stevie Boy Wonder is planning to release two more studio albums next year.
Stevie Wonder is planning early on to release two more albums next year.
Stevie Boy Wonder is planning to release his two albums the next year.
Audi kicked off Golden Goldens Globes weekend.
Audition kicked - off Golden Globes weekend.
Audition kicked off Golden Golden Globes weekend.
Audi kicked off for the Golden Globes weekend.
Audition kicked off the Golden Globes weekend.
Kim Zolciak and actress, Anna Kroy Biermann announced they are expecting twins.
Kim Zolciak and actress, Kroy Biermann announced they both are expecting twins.
Kim Zolciak and actress, Kroy Biermann announced they both are expecting twins.
Kim Zolciak and Kroya Biermann announced they both are now expecting twins.
Kimi Zolciak and actress, Kroy Biermann announced they are expecting twins.
Angelina - Jolie and Braden Pitt attend the annual BAFTA Awards.
Angelina Jo - Jolie and Brad Pitt attend the annual BAFTA Awards.
Angelina - Jolie and Brad Pitt also attend the annual BAFTA Awards.
Angelina - Jolie and Brad Pitt also attend to the BAFTA Awards.
Angelina Jolie and American actor Brad Pitt also attend the BAFTA Awards.
A former Stanly County maniac was indicted twice on child sex charges.
A Stanly County man was indicted on two federal child - sex charges.
A former Stanly County Council man was indicted on child - sex charges.
A former Stanlys County man was indicted on child - sex charges.
A single, former Stanly County man was indicted on child sex charges.
Ecuador's national environmental ministry is conducting preliminary environmental studies for the relocation of the Guayaquil port.
Ecuador's foreign ministry is conducting studies abroad for studying the relocations of the Guayaquil port.
Ecuador's ministry is conducting studies for the relocations of almost all of the Guayaquil port.
Ecuador's new foreign ministry is conducting studies aiming for preventing the relocation of the Guayaquil port.
Ecuador's ministry is conducting preliminary studies underway for planning the possible relocation of the Guayaquil port.
MSI Dhoni should not take risks.
MSI Dhoni should not take risks.
MS Dhoni people should not take risks.
MS Dhoni should not always take risks.
MS Dhoni people should not take risks.
A spay nurse and neuter clinic is scheduled for soon after to open in Thomasville.
A new spay and a new neuter clinic is scheduled to open up in Thomasville.
A spay, nurse and neuter clinic is scheduled soon to be open in Thomasville.
A spay, nurse and neutering clinic is scheduled to open up in Thomasville.
A spay and a new neuter clinic facility is scheduled to open up in Thomasville.
More than 40 young, Topeka teens are looking ahead now to college.
More than 40 Topeka area teens are now looking ahead and to college.
More than 40 other young Topeka teens are now looking ahead to college.
More than a 40 Topeka teens are now looking straight ahead to college.
More recently than a 40 Topeka area teens are looking ahead to college.
Delegations are drawn from Canada, Ireland are also expected to visit Iran.
Delegations from both of Canada, Ireland are expected not to visit Iran.
Delegations drawn from Canada, Ireland, are expected not to visit Iran.
Delegations from Canada, Ireland are expected not be allowed to visit Iran.
Delegations drawn from both Canada, Ireland are expected to also visit Iran.
The Lebanese army reopened up a new major toll road between two towns near the Syrian border.
The Lebanese army also partially reopened up a road between the two towns near the Syrian border.
The Lebanese army reopened a new toll road between two towns, near to the Syrian border.
The Lebanese Syrian central government army reopened a road between two small towns near the Syrian border.
The Lebanese army reopened a roadblock between two towns, located near to the Syrian border.
Pat Quinn, II will deliver on his state budget proposal.
Pat Quinn will deliver his very very own state budget proposal.
Pat Quinn III, will not deliver his state budget proposal.
Pat Quinn will deliver his first statewide balanced budget proposal.
Patsy Quinn III will deliver his state balanced budget proposal.
Ex - NIGHTWISH singer Anette von der Olzon will release her upcoming debut solo album.
Ex - NIGHTWISH lead singer, Anette Olzon will also release her debut solo album.
Ex - NIGHTWISH singer, songwriter Anette Olzon will release her debut, solo album.
Ex - NIGHTWISH singer Anette Olzoni will also release her debut solo solo album.
Ex - NIGHTWISH singer Anette von der Olzon will release her debut solo solo album.
Feedback I was on WATCHED : This place is a joke, we can play video games in here.
Feedback on the WATCH : This place is a big running joke, you and we play games in here.
Feedback is on. WATCH : This place really is a joke, we just play games here in here.
Feedback is on the WATCH : This place is a joke, you, and we play games in here.
Feedback on the WATCH : This place really is a running - joke, we can play games in here.
Kimberley Kardashian and her baby daddy, Kanye West had had their first public dinner date.
Kim Kardashian and baby daddy, rapper Kanye West had their first public family dinner dinner date.
Kimberley, Kardashian and baby daddy Kanye West had their first public family dinner dinner date.
Kim Kardashian and baby daddy Kanye West West had had their first ever, public dinner date.
Kim Kardashian, and her newfound baby daddy Kanye West had their first public dinner date.
Barack Obama pledged US $ 1 - billion, in loan guarantees, for the Kingdom Government of Jordan.
Barack Obama has also pledged $ US 1 billion in emergency loan guarantees for the Kingdom Government of Jordan.
Barack Obama pledged USM $ $ 1 billion in emergency loan and guarantees for the Kingdom of Jordan.
Barack Obama pledged over US $ $ 1 billion USD in foreign loan guarantees for the Kingdom of Jordan.
Barack - Obama pledged $ 1 - billion in loan - based guarantees for both the Kingdom of Jordan.
A new world - class athletics track could be also opened at the Moulton College in.
A world class athletics training track could be now be also opened at Moulton College in.
A new world class indoor athletics training track could be opened at Moulton Park College in.
A world class indoor athletics and track cycling facility could be opened at Moulton College in.
A world - class indoor athletics track could now also be opened at Moulton College in.
Dillard a teammate has since left the Hurricanes.
Dillard a has left for with the Hurricanes.
Dillard'a has since left the Hurricanes.
Dillard a has since left for the Hurricanes.
Dillard'a has left for the Hurricanes.
Atletico Madrid also went top after recording assists in a victory against the Real Sociedad.
Atletico Madrid also went top after recording in a home victory against the Real Sociedad.
Atletico de Atlético Madrid went top, after recording a victory, against Real Sociedad.
Atletico Madrid also went top after recording a victory away against the Spanish Real Sociedad.
Atletico Madrid went on top after finally finally recording a victory against the Real Sociedad.
A single Powerball game season ticket worth over $ 1 million was sold in West Virginia.
A rare single Powerball ticket worth $ 1 million dollars was sold in rural West Virginia.
A Powerball League game ticket reportedly worth $ 1 million dollars was sold in West Virginia.
A Powerball ticket reportedly worth $ 1 million was sold in rural and central West Virginia.
A record single Powerball ticket worth $ 1 - million was sold out in West Virginia.
Businesses'activity, in Northern Ireland,, has grown sharply for the ninth month in a row.
Business activity elsewhere in Northern Ireland has also grown very sharply for the ninth consecutive month in nearly a row.
Business activity in Northern Northern Ireland, has also grown, sharply, for the ninth month in a row.
Business activity elsewhere in the Northern Ireland has grown sharply, for the record ninth consecutive month in a row.
Business activity in Northern Northern Ireland today has grown sharply for the ninth month year running in nearly a row.
A pedestrian driver was struck down and critically wounded in the latter city's northern Port Richmond section.
A pedestrian pedestrian was struck, and critically wounded, in the latter city's Port Richmond section.
A pedestrian was struck and critically - wounded, mostly in the city's South Port Richmond section.
A pedestrian bus driver was also struck and critically wounded in the city's South Port Richmond section.
A pedestrian driver was struck and was critically wounded in the city's South Port of Richmond section.
Egyptian constitutional authorities also are to announce publicly the final results of a constitutional referendum.
Egyptian authorities are required to also publicly announce the results of a national constitutional referendum.
Egyptian authorities, are expected to then also announce the results of a constitutional referendum.
Egyptian authorities are to announce the final results ahead of holding a new constitutional referendum.
Egyptian authorities are to also publicly announce the results of such as a constitutional referendum.
Evan Lysacek's doing the double and the triple jumps, in practice.
Evan and Lysacek's doing double jumps and doing triple jumps in practice.
Evan Lysacek's US team doing double jumps and triple jumps in practice.
Evan Lysacek's team doing both double jumps and triple jumps in practice.
Evan Lysacek's doing the double and triple jump jumps, in practice.
The pot debate escalated in Colorado Springs again - - this time in the city council chambers.
The pot debate escalated yet again, in Colorado Springs, - this time in council chambers.
The pot debate escalated in Colorado Springs - - but only this one time in council chambers.
The coffee pot debate escalated again in Colorado Hot Springs - this one time in council chambers.
The pot debate escalated in Colorado Springs - this one, this time in the council chambers.
The newly - leased Air Lituanica aircraft took off while on board for its flight to Brussels.
The newly - leased Air Lituanica aircraft took off early on its flight back home to Brussels.
The first newly - acquired leased Air Lituanica aircraft took - off on its flight to Brussels.
The two newly leased Italian Air Lituanica aircraft took - off on board its flight to Brussels.
The newly leased Italian company Air Lituanica aircraft took - off early on its flight to Brussels.
The S & P $ 500 mark has fallen on each day of the last three consecutive Fed days.
The S & P 500 mark has fallen on each calendar day of the last of three Fed days.
The S & P 500 has fallen slightly on average each day of the last twenty three Fed days.
The S & P $ 500 rain has fallen heavily on each of them the last three Fed days.
The S & P 500 has long since also fallen on each day of the last three Fed days.
EMMA President Roberts was arrested after a recent domestic domestic violence incident.
EMMA Roberts was arrested shortly after a recent domestic domestic violence incident.
EMMA Roberts was arrested shortly after inciting a domestic violence incident.
EMMA Roberts, was later arrested after a recent domestic violence incident.
EMMA Roberts was also arrested after a domestic domestic - violence incident.
Marianna McPartland, a jazz - pianist on show, has died.
Marianna McPartland, a jazz pianist on the show, has died.
Marianna McPartland, a jazz pianist show, and she has died.
Marianna McPartland, ( a former jazz pianist show, has died.
Marian McPartland, a famous jazz concert pianist show, and has died.
PETA also is now donating mink fur - coats to homeless men in the Detroit.
PETA is also actively donating mink coats to homeless young gay men in the Detroit.
PETA Canada is also donating their mink coats to the homeless men in the Detroit.
PETA is donating mink coats to the homeless men living in almost all the Detroit.
PETA is donating their mink and fur coats to homeless young men in the Detroit.
Meryl Streep, is set up to play a young political activist.
Meryl Streep, who is set to play as a political activist.
Meryl Streep, is also set to play a young political activist.
Meryl Streep, is set up to play a young political activist.
Meryl Streep is also set to play a young American political activist.
Edward Snowden emerged, saying that he wants a political asylum in Russia.
Edward Snowden also emerged, saying he wants political asylum back in Russia.
Edward Edward Snowden emerged, saying he wants political asylums in Russia.
Edward Snowden also emerged, saying he now wants asylum back in Russia.
Edward Snowden emerged, reportedly saying that he wants political asylum in Russia.
Australia is bracing in itself, preparing for the severe cyclone.
Australia itself is bracing on itself for fighting the severe cyclone.
Australia is bracing in on itself for fighting the severe cyclone.
Australia is bracing itself well set up for the severe cyclone.
Australia is bracings itself well up for the severe cyclone.
The first cousin of Aaron Hernandez, has been recently released on bail.
The cousin of actor, Aaron Hernandez, has been released on bail.
The first cousin, of Aaron Hernandez, has been released on bail.
The cousin of Aaron, David Hernandez has been recently released on bail.
The cousin of Aaron Hernandez has been only recently released while on bail.
HIGHING POINT, councilman, who has filed for bankruptcy.
HIGH THE POINT, councilman, has filed filing for bankruptcy.
HIGH THE POINT, councilman has just filed again for bankruptcy.
HIGH POINT, councilman, has just now filed for bankruptcy.
HIGH POINT, councilman has filed again, filing for bankruptcy.
Chipotle is raising its natural gas prices for the first ever first time in three years.
Chipotle is raising up its prices, and for the very first time in three years.
Chipotle County is raising its prices for the first time in just just over three years.
Chipotle is raising its prices for the first time ever in just just over three years.
Chipotle is raising its prices, for the first first - time ever in three years.
Barack - Obama welcomed the Miami Beach Heat back to the White House.
Barack Obama also welcomed the visiting Miami Heat back to the White House.
Barack Obama welcomed the Miami Heat to the Barack Obama Day White House.
Barack Obama welcomed the Miami Heat'fans to visit the White House.
Barack Obama welcomed the Miami Heat fans to visit the Obama White House.
CVidya has also recently announced its support for the Hadoop platform.
CVidya has also announced support for using of the Hadoop platform.
CVidya Technologies has also announced support for using the Hadoop platform.
CVidya has announced on its full support for the Hadoop platform.
CVidya has announced its support for the new Java Hadoop platform.
Exeter selectmen approved a new social - media media policy.
Exeter selectmen approved of a brand new social media policy.
Exeter city selectmen approved of such a social media policy.
Exeter city selectmen approved a brand new social media policy.
Exeter selectmen approved a brand new social - media policy.
There are things I wish I had, just didn't know.
There are things I really wish that. I didn't know.
There really are some things I really wish I didn't know.
There are some things I wish that I just didn't know.
There really are things I really wish that I didn't know.
Sunderland boss Paolo di San Canio, is now ready to welcome Steven and Fletcher to training.
Sunderland boss Paolo Di Giorgio di Canio is now getting ready to welcome Steven Fletcher to training.
Sunderland new boss Paolo di Canio is ready now to officially welcome Stevenie Fletcher to training.
Sunderland team boss Paolo di Pietro San Canio is now ready to welcome Steven Fletcher to training.
Sunderland boss Paolo Rossi di San Canio is ready now to welcome Steven and Fletcher to training.
A CCTV image has been released after which, a naked young man was punched.
A CCTV image and video has also been released after a young man was punched.
A fake CCTV image has since also been released, after a man was punched.
A second CCTV camera video image has been released after a man inside was punched.
A CCTV image that has also been recently been released after a man was punched.
An Israeli Israeli air - strike killed three unarmed Palestinian militants fighting in the Gaza Strip.
An Israeli air strike killed the three remaining Palestinian militants fighting in the northern Gaza Strip.
An Israeli air strike killed three Palestinian militants in the extreme northern and northern Gaza Strip.
An Israeli Israeli air strike also killed another three Palestinian militants fighting in the Gaza Strip.
An Israeli air strike killed three Palestinian Arab militants in the northern central and Gaza Strip.
Halliburton himself himself has admitted destroying evidence.
Halliburton himself has admitted to destroying evidence.
Halliburton has admitted not to destroying evidence.
Halliburton himself has admitted to destroying evidence.
Halliburton himself has not admitted destroying evidence.
Steve Smith also pays tribute to singer, Jordan Gross.
Steve & Smith pays tributes to singer Jordan Gross.
Steve Earle Smith pays a special tribute to Jordan Gross.
Steve Earle Smith pays him a tribute to Jordan Gross.
Steve Smith also very frequently pays tribute to Jordan Gross.
Manchester United fans are also set to take swoop for Luka Modric.
Manchester United are also set up to swoop in for Luka Modric.
Manchester City and United are set to take swoop for Luka Modric.
Manchester Manchester City United are set to take swoop for Luka Modric.
Manchester City United fans are set to swoop for striker Luka Modric.
Pearl Jam Jam frontman, Eddie Vedder feared he himself'd never ever play again.
Pearl Jam frontman Eddie said Eddie Vedder had feared he'd probably never play again.
Pearl Jams frontman, Eddie Vedder feared he'd probably never ever play again.
Pearl Jams frontman Eddie Vedder feared he himself'd probably never ever play again.
Pearl Jams frontman Eddie Vedder reportedly feared he'd never ever actually play again.
A bus has become trapped, in a hole that suddenly has appeared in a main road in Weston - Pan super - Mare.
A bus has apparently also become permanently trapped in a hole that has appeared in a road in Weston - super - - Mare.
A bus has also become trapped in a hole that had appeared earlier in a road in Weston - - super - - Mare.
A bus has become trapped in " a black hole that appeared in on a road in Weston - Mare super super - Mare.
A bus driver has become trapped in a hole that suggests he has appeared in on a road in Weston - super - Mare.
A young, Chilhowie man ran from Police.
A Chilhowie Aboriginal man ran away from Police.
A very young Chilhowie man ran from Police.
A Chilhowie man ran away screaming from Police.
A young, Chilhowie man ran from Police.
The members who are elected and the local Hungarian authorities, are constantly constantly monitoring the events in Ukraine.
The members are and the other local authorities Hungarian security authorities are constantly actively monitoring the events in Ukraine.
The members are and the local Hungarian authorities are also also, constantly monitoring the political events in Ukraine.
The members are Ukrainian and the Hungarian authorities, who are also constantly monitoring the political events in Ukraine.
The members are Hungarian and are the Hungarian authorities are constantly monitoring the events are currently happening in Ukraine.
Prateik Kumar Babbar will be last seen kissing actress Evelyn Sharma.
Prateik Babbar will be seen kissing British film actress Evelyn Sharma.
Prateik, Babbar, who will be seen kissing Evelyn Sharma.
Prateik Babbar will be seen briefly kissing actress, Evelyn Sharma.
Prateik Babbar, will be seen secretly kissing with Evelyn Sharma.
Persistent Systems has also entered into a definitive agreement to jointly acquire CloudSquads.
Persistent Systems has also entered into into a agreement to jointly acquire CloudSquads.
Persistent Systems has also entered directly into a agreement to jointly acquire CloudSquads.
Persistent Systems has entered into a definitive agreement to also jointly acquire CloudSquads.
Persistent Systems has entered into a agreement not only to directly acquire CloudSquads.
Vanderbilt has hired head coach Derek Mason.
Vanderbilt University also has hired Derek Mason.
Vanderbilt has also hired coach Derek Mason.
Vanderbilt has also recently hired Derek Mason.
Vanderbilt has recently hired coach Derek Mason.
The two original Cellular services have been extensively restored, in many cities including Karachi.
The Karachi Metro Cellular services have also recently been restored in many cities including Karachi.
The Cellular - services facilities have been restored in the many cities, including Karachi.
The Metro Cellular services have also recently been restored in many other cities including Karachi.
The Cellular services have been completely restored, in all the many cities including Karachi.
Kolkata, Legendary playback singer, and Juthika Roy, who had, died.
Kolkata, South India Legendary singer Juthika Roy, who never had, died.
Kolkata, Legendary singer, singer Juthika Roy, who never had, died.
Kolkata, India Legendary singer Juthika Roy, and others who had, died.
Kolkata, Legendary singer Juthika Roy, who died and who had, died.
Harry Styles has co - written a song, together with, with his idol John Legend.
Harry Styles has also co - written a hit song with singer and his idol John Legend.
Harry Styles has co - written a new major hit song together with his idol John Legend.
Harry P Styles also has co - written a song together with his childhood idol John Legend.
Harry Styles has co - an executive written a song together with his childhood idol John Legend.
Officials with Americans United for an All American Prosperity have launched a social media campaign.
Officials affiliated with Americans for Building an American Prosperity have launched a social media campaign.
Officials affiliated themselves with Americans United Together for Prosperity have launched a social media campaign.
Officials with the Americans United for Prosperity have also launched a new social media campaign.
Officials with Americans United for American Prosperity have launched a brand new social media campaign.
Greenpeace also needs members to have frank discussions about future global oil protests.
Greenpeace needs to " have frank discussions " about possible future oil protests.
Greenpeace needs people to " have frank discussions " about future oil protests.
Greenpeace needs to have frank discussions about all the future global oil protests.
Greenpeace needs people to have more and frank discussions about future oil protests.
Anaerobic digestion techniques also can reduce pathogens in pigmented carcase material.
Anaerobic digestion techniques also can reduce pathogens in pigmented carcase material.
Anaerobic digestion can reduce the bacterial pathogens in the pig carcase material.
Anaerobic food digestion techniques can reduce pathogens in pigmented carcase material.
Anaerobic protein digestion can reduce the bacterial pathogens in pig carcase material.
A councillor is suing for a rival for giving him out the leaflets with his face superimposed on a picture he taken out of Del Boy.
A councillor is suing a former political rival for allegedly allegedly not giving out leaflets, with his face superimposed on a picture of Del Boy.
A councillor is suing for a rival for giving - out leaflets, with his face superimposed on a picture of him being a Del Boy.
A councillor is suing a rival for not giving him hand out leaflets, with his face superimposed on a framed picture of a Del Boy.
A councillor is suing a rival party for not only giving out leaflets with his face superimposed directly on a picture he taken of Del Boy.
World Airways joined with Global Aviation Group Holdings in filing for Chapter - 11 and bankruptcy protection.
World Airways Corporation joined with Global Aviation Holdings in filing for Chapter - 11 and bankruptcy protection.
World Airways Corporation joined Global and World Aviation Holdings in its filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
World Airways joined Global Aviation Group Holdings in its filing for Chapter - 11 and bankruptcy protection.
World Airways Corporation joined Global Aviation Holdings Group in its filing for Chapter 11 and bankruptcy protection.
Keith Bulluck was arrested twice, for a felony robbery.
Keith Bullucker, was later arrested for felony robbery.
Keith Bulluck was later arrested again for a felony robbery.
Keith Smith - Bulluck was arrested twice for felony robbery.
Keith Bullucker was arrested for committing a felony robbery.
A rights group is also active calling on Angola to immediately drop criminal defamation charges brought up against an journalist.
A human rights group is calling pressure on Angolans to drop its criminal and defamation charges against an journalist.
A rights group is calling pressure on Angolans to drop criminal defamation - related related charges against an journalist.
A rights group, is calling pressure on Angola to drop criminal defamation charges, against allegedly killing an journalist.
A rights group is calling on Angola to drop criminal and civil defamation related charges brought in against an journalist.
David Bowie made a very very rare public appearance at an event being held to honour singer Tilda Swinton.
David David Bowie also made a then now very rare public appearance at an event to honour Tilda Swinton.
David Bowie also later made a rare, live public appearance at an event to honour singer Tilda Swinton.
David Bowie made a rare public appearance at an event to posthumously officially honour British singer, Tilda Swinton.
David David Bowie also made just such a rare public appearance at such an event to honour Tilda Swinton.
Bill Thomas Gates likes to hand wash dishes much as he he does every night.
Bill Gates also likes to wash all the dishes much he usually does every night.
Bill Bill Gates likes to wash the dishes much as he he does every night.
Bill Bill Gates also likes to hand wash dishes much he does it every night.
Bill Gates also likes for me to wash dishes much as he does every night.
Rowland teachers have declared it an impasse, in all the contract negotiations.
Rowland teachers have declared an ideological impasse, in all the contract negotiations.
Rowland teachers have declared it an impasse in the high school contract negotiations.
Rowland teachers have been declared at an impasse in all the contract negotiations.
Rowland teachers have also declared an impasse in the high school contract negotiations.
Microsoft has announced yet a major new market share buyback.
Microsoft has also announced as yet a new share buyback.
Microsoft has announced a major new global market share buyback.
Microsoft has also announced a new stock - share buyback.
Microsoft Corporation has announced a new major new share buyback.
Ottawa restaurants can get into a free video promotion service.
Ottawa restaurants can also get into a video promotion service.
Ottawa area pizza delivery restaurants get a video promotion service.
Ottawa restaurants get into a video game game promotion service.
Ottawa area restaurants can also get a video promotion service.
Police subdued a man armed only with only a Taser.
Police officers later subdued a man armed with a Taser.
Police officers also later subdued a man with a Taser.
Police subdued down a man armed with only a Taser.
Police subdued a man with apparently only half a Taser.
Barack - Obama and David Cameron have also discussed national security and national security challenges in Iran, Syria and Afghanistan.
Barack Obama and President David Cameron have also publicly discussed the national security challenges in neighboring Iran, Syria and Afghanistan.
Barack Obama and David Cameron, have also discussed the national security challenges in Iran, Iraq and Syria and Afghanistan.
Barack Obama and President David Cameron David Cameron have also discussed the national security challenges in Iran, Syria and Afghanistan.
Barack - Obama, and President David Cameron both have discussed national security challenges in both Iran, Syria and Afghanistan.
A research group discovered a new novel approach to treating leukemia, by disarming a gene product that apparently is responsible primarily for tumor progression.
A research group discovered a promising new approach to treating leukemia by disarming a novel, human gene that likely is responsible for tumor progression.
A group of member has discovered a new approach used to start treating leukemia by disarming a gene product that is responsible for tumor progression.
A group discovered that a new approach to treating leukemia by disarming a novel human gene product that likely is responsible for preventing tumor progression.
A group has discovered a new approach to successfully treating leukemia by disarming a gene that by now apparently is responsible primarily for tumor progression.
Computer 2000 has been officially rebranded as Microsoft High Tech Data.
Computer 2000 has been officially rebranded as Microsoft High Tech Data.
Computer 2000 has since been officially rebranded, as Tech Data.
Computer 2000 has been most recently rebranded again as Tech Data.
Computer Data 2000 has since been officially rebranded as Tech Data.
A police officer jawan later committed suicide.
A former police jawan later committed suicide.
A police jawan later also committed suicide.
A police officer in jawan committed suicide.
A police officer jawan later committed suicide.
A TEENAGER is earning a staggeringly £ 24, 000 000 000 just by playing Grand Prix Theft Auto 5 from the comfortable comfort of inventing his bedroom.
A. TEENAGER is earning a potentially - staggering £ 24, 000 just by playing the Grand Theft Auto V 5 games from the comforter of his bedroom.
A TEENAGER player is earning a staggering £ 24, 000, just by playing Grand Prix Theft Auto Auto Auto Season 5 from within the comfort of his bedroom.
A TEENAGER is earning him a staggeringly £5 24, 000 just by playing in Grand Theft Auto 5 from within the comfortable comforts of his bedroom.
A. TEENAGER is earning a staggeringly £5 24, 000 000 just by playing Grand Theft Auto Auto 5 from the relative comfort of in his bedroom.
A woman has also been also charged with child human trafficking.
A pregnant young woman has been falsely charged with human trafficking.
A woman has been also been charged twice with human trafficking.
A woman has also been falsely charged with child human trafficking.
A woman has been also charged with domestic and human trafficking.
A Manipuri couple was beaten up twice, first by killing their landlord in Delhi.
A Manipuri couple was brutally beaten up by even after killing their landlord in Delhi.
A Manipuri couple was brutally beaten up by even their local feudal landlord in Delhi.
A Manipuri couple was beaten - up twice, by their landlords in Delhi.
A young Muslim Manipuri couple was beaten up twice twice by their landlord in Delhi.
Texas Texas Instruments, Inc plans to cut 1, 100 jobs as a part of of a restructuring.
Texas Instruments Inc plans plans to cut off approximately 1, 000 100 jobs as part of a restructuring.
Texas Instruments Texas Instruments Inc. plans plans to cut 1, 100 jobs as part of a restructuring.
Texas Texas Instruments Inc plans plans to cut approximately 1, 100 jobs, as part of a restructuring.
Texas Instruments, Inc. announced plans to cut approximately 1, 100 jobs as part of a restructuring.
Thief reboot has only just gone gold.
Thief The latest reboot has gone gold.
Thief reboot world has just gone gold.
Thief reboot has just about gone gold.
Thief reboot has only just gone gold.
Andres Ward will return to the boxing training ring, to fight Edwin Rodriguez.
Andres Ward will also return to and enter the ring to fight Edwin Rodriguez.
Andres Ward will later also return to the ring to help fight Edwin Rodriguez.
Andre Warde will return home to the ring to fight against Mexican Edwin Rodriguez.
Andres Warde will also return to enter the ring to fight Edwin Rodriguez.
BENJI Marshall is not set to ever return back to the NRL.
BENJI Marshalls is also not set to return to the NRL.
BENJI Marshall is set up to return home to represent the NRL.
BENJI - Marshall Jones is set up to return to the NRL.
BENJI Marshall is not set to ever return back to the NRL.
The whole small boats issue will now be but a passing irritant.
The small - boats issue will be but only a passing irritant.
The boats issue right now will be nothing but a passing irritant.
The small boats issue will be nothing, but a passing irritant.
The boats issue warnings which will be but as a passing irritant.
Subway's in the process, of accidentally removing such a controversial cooking chemical from their bread.
Subway's restaurants are currently in the process of removing a controversial chemical from all their bread.
Subway's are in fact the process of removing a new highly controversial chemical from their bread.
Subway's inventing the process of removing such a controversial chemical or substance from their bread.
Subway's inventing the first patented process of removing such a controversial chemical from their bread.
Star of Judge Judy she has married to her grandson.
Starling of Judge Judy has also married her grandson.
Star Trek Judge Judy has also since married her grandson.
Star Judge Judy has also long since married her grandson.
Star Court Judge, Judy, has married her grandson.
ComScores has recently also rolled out its MMX Multi - Platform tool in Spain.
ComScores also recently has rolled out its MMX Multi - Platform tool in Spain.
ComScore has rolled - out of its MMX Multimedia - Platform tool in Spain.
ComScore has rolled - out out its MMX Multi - Platform Platform tool in Spain.
ComScore has rolled - out out its MMX Multi - Platform toolbox in Spain.
Bank of America will close down its downtown Port Somers branch.
Bank of North America will close down its downtown Somers branch.
Bank of America also will close down its former Somers branch.
Bank of First North America Canada will close its Somers branch.
Bank of America of Canada will close down its Somers branch.
CBRE has since also sold 2929 Venture Drive, 700, 000 - square feet of industrial space, in Janesville, Wis.
CBRE also recently sold 29290 New Venture Drive, with 700, 000 square feet of industrial space in Janesville, Wis.
CBRE sold 2929 Venturer Memorial Drive, 700, 000 000 square feet of industrial space, located in Janesville, Wis.
CBRE also sold the 2929 Venture Drive, 700, 000 - square feet of new industrial space in downtown Janesville, Wis.
CBRE sold 29290 Venturer Drive, 700, 000 000 square - feet of new industrial space in Janesville, Wis.
DCU Franklin, will also offer free student document shredding on the Saturday, Friday Aug. 10.
DCU, Franklin, Tennessee will offer free document shredding training services on Saturday, Aug. 10.
DCU Franklin, will also offer free document shredding on Saturday, Sunday and Friday Aug. 10.
DCU Franklin, will also offer a free free document shredding on the Saturday, Aug. 10.
DCU Franklin, will offer a free free document shredding on Saturday, Friday, Aug. 10.
Turkish state prosecutors have said they were conducting all three investigations.
Turkish Cypriot Cypriot state prosecutors said they were conducting three investigations.
Turkish prosecutors have said that, they were conducting three investigations.
Turkish prosecutors said they were only ever currently conducting three investigations.
Turkish prosecutors said that they too were conducting all three investigations.
GateHouse Media Inc. has filed applications for a federal Chapter - 11 protection in Delaware.
GateHouse Media Inc. has filed applications for the federal Chapter 11 protections in Delaware.
GateHouse / International Digital Media Inc. has filed for Chapter 11 protections in Delaware.
GateHouse Digital & Media Inc. has also filed applications for Chapter 11 protection in Delaware.
GateHouse Media, Inc. has since filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, in Delaware.
Bath are currently also in ongoing talks to sign England league Sam Burgess.
Bath are in talks to eventually sign England league international, Sam Burgess.
Bath are in deep talks about to sign for England league Sam Burgess.
Bath are in talks about to sign former England rugby league Sam Burgess.
Bath Rugby are also currently in talks to sign England league Sam Burgess.
A helicopter crashed further north north out of Phoenix, killing board.
A military helicopter crashed north of downtown downtown Phoenix, killing board.
A military helicopter then crashed north out of Phoenix, killing board.
A military helicopter crashed just north of downtown Phoenix, killing board.
A US military helicopter crashed north of Phoenix, Arizona killing board.
Israel deployed its own Iron - Dome system near the Jerusalem Sunday.
Israel has recently also deployed its Iron Dome system near Jerusalem Sunday.
Israel has deployed only its own Iron Dome system near Jerusalem Sunday.
Israel has deployed its Iron Dome system, near the Jerusalem Sunday.
Israel also has deployed its own Iron Dome system near Jerusalem Sunday.
Microsoft was planning for launching a rebrand of its Microsoft Office Web Apps.
Microsoft Office was planning a rebranding of all its Office Web Apps.
Microsoft was planning a rebranding of its Office Suite and Web Apps.
Microsoft Office was planning a rebranding of its Microsoft Office Web Apps.
Microsoft was planning a new major rebrand of its Microsoft Office Web Apps.
A Concordian Baptist pastor facing charges made of sex crimes against children was turned in.
A former Concord pastor facing charges of sex and crimes committed specifically against children turned in.
A former Concordian pastor facing charges of committing sex crimes against his children turned in.
A Concord pastor facing charges that he made of committing sex crimes against children turned in.
A former Concord pastor facing charges primarily of sex crimes committed primarily against children turned in.
Catalina said Berkshire Partners, LLC LLC has agreed to help acquire remains.
Catalina said Berkshire Capital Partners LLC has still not agreed to acquire remains.
Catalina also said Berkshire Capital Partners LLC. has agreed to acquire remains.
Catalina said that Berkshire Partners LLC has not agreed to the acquire remains.
Catalina said Berkshire Capital Partners LLC. has agreed to the acquire remains.
Two captured Turkish fighter pilots abducted in Beirut, were released, reported by TRT Turk.
Two Turkish pilots, allegedly abducted in Beirut, were later released, reported TRT Turk.
Two other Turkish pilots abducted in East Beirut were released, as reported by TRT Turk.
Two Turkish pilots, both abducted while in Beirut, were released, reported TRT Turk.
Two other former Turkish pilots abducted in East Beirut were released, reported by TRT Turk.
A Chesterfield man is facing two separate federal child pornography charges.
A very young Chesterfield man is facing child - pornography charges.
A young Chesterfield County man is facing two child pornography charges.
A very young Chesterfield County man is facing child pornography charges.
A Chesterfield maniac is also facing federal child pornography charges.
Norwich City midfielder Andrew Surman has joined Bournemouth and United on loan.
Norwich City midfielder Andrew Surmant has joined AFC Bournemouth on loan.
Norwich midfielder Andrew John - Lee Surman has joined Bournemouth on loan.
Norwich midfielder, Andrew Surmant has also joined Bournemouth on loan.
Norwich midfielder, Andrew Surmant has joined Bournemouth United on loan.
Local web search platform Getit, Infomedia's arm, has launched its services in Malaysia.
Local web search platform, Getit, Infomedia's arm has launched its services in Malaysia.
Local government web search engine platform Getit Infomedia's search arm has launched services in Malaysia.
Local search platform, called Getit, Infomedia's arm has launched services exclusively in Malaysia.
Local web search engine platform Getit, Infomedia's arm has also launched services in Malaysia.
A tractor caught fire inside of in front a farm supply store.
A tractor was caught on a fire inside a farm supply store.
A tractor trailer caught on a fire inside a farm supply store.
A tractor - trailer caught fire inside of a farm supply store.
A farm tractor caught on fire inside a local farm supply store.
Ranveer Singh will go bald when trying to play Bajirao.
Ranveer will go back on his bald to play Bajirao.
Ranveer Singh will also also go bald to play Bajirao.
Ranveer Singh will go completely bald trying to play Bajirao.
Ranveer Singh will go on bald to also play Bajirao.
Asian markets today are exhibiting a more recent mixed trend.
Asian markets are also now also exhibiting a mixed trend.
Asian food markets today, are exhibiting a mixed trend.
Asian markets are now also increasingly exhibiting a mixed trend.
Asian markets are not currently exhibiting such a mixed trend.
Online casino and casino roulette exploit.
Online and online casino roulette exploit.
Online and casino - roulette exploit.
Online and casino - roulette exploit.
Online casinos and roulette exploit.
Twitter has reached a new record high record users share and users can send over 143, 199 tweets per second.
Twitter users has reached such a new record users can share and can now send 143, 199 tweets per second.
Twitter has also reached a new career high record users share Twitter and can send 143, 199 tweets per second.
Twitter has now reached such a new record users can share and send 143, 000 199 new tweets per second.
Twitter has reached a new record where users can share photos and send out 143, 199 tweets once per second.
Atlas and Copco will also acquire Edwards.
Atlas Copco will later also acquire Edwards.
Atlas Copco LLC. will acquire Edwards.
Atlas Copco LLC. will acquire Edwards.
Atlas Copco will also later acquire Edwards.
Rafael Nadal had a record single 26mm eye tear during his semifinal clash at the US Open.
Rafael Nadal also had a 26mm tear suffered during his semifinal clash at the 2011 US Open.
Rafael - Nadal had a partial 26mm tear during his clashing match at the US Open.
Rafael Nadal had suffered a single, 26mm tear during his clash at at the US Open.
Rafael - Nadal had suffered a 26mm tear tear during his semifinal clash at the US Open.
Matty - Diaz appears likely to retire.
Matt Diaz also appears likely set to retire.
Matt Diaz also also appears likely to retire.
Matty - Diaz appears likely to retire.
Matt Diaz also also appears likely to retire.
The new World Council of Reformed Churches elected the eight new presidents.
The World Evangelical Council of Evangelical Churches elected eight elected new presidents.
The World Wide World Council of Churches has elected eight new presidents.
The World Council of Churches has elected eight elected or new presidents.
The World Council Conference of Evangelical Churches has elected eight new presidents.
Pepsi later apologized to Philippine President Christiano Ronaldo for the ads.
Pepsi apologized again to Christiano Ronaldo for not airing the ads.
Pepsi apologized again, to Christiano and Ronaldo for the ads.
Pepsi later apologized to Christiano Ronaldo for not airing the ads.
Pepsi apologized to Christiano and Ronaldo apologized for using the ads.
FOX Business and Business News Network will launch a new programming slate.
FOX Business Business Network, will launch a brand new programming slate.
FOX Business Business Network will launch a brand new business programming slate.
FOX Business News Network will also launch a new business programming slate.
FOX Business Network will launch with a new nationally syndicated programming slate.
The national government pension fund grew.
The national government pension fund grew.
The national pensions fund grew.
The pensions trust fund grew.
The national government pension fund grew.
People outside of Chitral district are deprived of their clean drinking water.
People of all the Chitral are deprived of their clean drinking water.
People of Chitral district are now deprived only of clean drinking water.
People of the Chitral are also severely deprived of clean drinking water.
People of Chitral are severely deprived of all their clean drinking water.
Young scientists gather to proudly show them off with their inventions.
Young scientists gather themselves together to show off all their inventions.
Young scientists will gather together to help show off their inventions.
Young and young scientists gather to show off with their inventions.
Young scientists gather to show one - off of their inventions.
He spoke out about the class who are being poorly treated when it comes to government spending.
He spoke about the working class are being much better treated it comes to increased government spending.
He spoke about the class are not being better well - treated it comes to government spending.
He spoke about the working class are being treated it also also comes down to government spending.
He spoke about the working class that people are being treated it comes down to government spending.
Penguins'general manager Raymund Shero announced Letango had a stroke.
Penguins'general manager Ray Sheroff announced Letang had suffered a stroke.
Penguins'general - manager Ray Shero announced Letang had suffered a stroke.
Penguins general - manager, Ray Shero announced that Letang had a stroke.
Penguins general manager Ray Shero announced Letang had just recently suffered a stroke.
The City Council now is canceling out its contract for ambulance services.
The City is canceling out its existing contract for air ambulance services.
The Kansas City is canceling its existing contract renewal for ambulance services.
The City is also considering canceling its existing contract for ambulance services.
The City Council now is canceling its contract renewal for ambulance services.
I had never smoked pot as a kid.
I smoked the pot as of a kid.
I smoked pot, as of a kid.
I had smoked pot as of a kid.
I smoked pot only once as a kid.
The box collective was announces at the premiere date of 116.
The box - office collective announces at the premiere of 116.
The German music box collective announces at the premiere of 116.
The music - box collective announces the premiere date of 116.
The music - box collective announces at the premiere of 116.
An woman who is facing charges of causing the chemical health endangerment of a child.
An woman who is facing charges because of the chemical endangerment of having a child.
An woman is facing charges made of chemical endangerment of having had such a child.
An woman is facing charges of chemical endangerment and of not ever having a child.
An woman is facing federal criminal charges, of chemical endangerment of having a child.
A cold mix of snow, and a freezing rain is expected in the entire northern Northland region on Sunday morning.
A mix of snow, rain and even a little freezing rain is expected in the entire Northland on Sunday morning.
A mix of heavy snow, rain and a freezing rain is also expected in the Northland region on Sunday morning.
A mixer of heavy snow, and freezing rain is expected in all the Northland on a sunny Sunday morning.
A mix of heavy snow, rain, and freezing cold winter rain is expected in the Northland on Sunday morning.
PS3 and on the PS4, fans probably would have been curious about what Trophies look like.
PS3 and later PS4, and fans have been curious about what the Super Trophies look like.
PS3 and later PS4, and many fans have always been curious about what Trophies look like.
PS3 and PS4, fans would have just been curious enough about what Trophies would look like.
PS3, and PS4, but fans otherwise would have been curious about what Trophies look like.
Dave Lee Travis has pleaded not guilty to not guilty.
Dave - Lee - Travis has pleaded to not guilty.
Dave - Lee Traviss has pleaded to not guilty.
Dave Lee Travis has pleaded guilty, to not guilty.
Dave Lee Travis has long since also pleaded not guilty.
Tom Thorpe returns home to join his former club Manchester United.
Tom Thorpe returns to help manage his former club Manchester United.
Tom Thorpe then briefly returns home to his club Manchester United.
Tomy Thorpe returns to manage at his club Manchester United.
Tom Thorpe returns to manage at his former club Manchester United.
ONO TV has launched an online online pay TV service.
ONO has launched an online and online pay TV service.
ONO has also more recently launched an online TV service.
ONO TV has launched as such an online TV service.
ONO has launched an online online and satellite TV service.
Christian County deputies were pursued after a fleeing vehicle through the Springfield streets.
Christian County police deputies also pursued a fleeing vehicle through the Springfield streets.
Christian County police deputies also pursued a fleeing police vehicle through Springfield streets.
Christian County deputies pursued after him after a fleeing vehicle through Springfield streets.
Christiana County deputies pursued a fleeing fleeing vehicle through the Springfield streets.
Pranab Mukherjee will present the presidential awards ceremony ceremony, for classical Tamil.
Pranab Mukherjee will present the very first annual presidential awards for classical Tamil.
Pranab Mukherjee will also present the annual presidential awards ceremony for classical Tamil.
Pranabh Mukherjee will present the presidential awards for performing the classical Tamil.
Pranab Mukherjee will also also present the presidential awards ceremony for classical Tamil.
A SCRAP metalworking and factory worker fined him for accepting suspicious cables has said.
A SCRAP scrap - metal worker fined for accepting the suspicious telephone cables has said.
A SCRAP metal mill worker fined him, for not accepting suspicious cables has said.
A SCRAP metal worker was also fined, for not accepting suspicious cables has said.
A former SCRAP metal worker fined for accepting all the suspicious cables, has said.
Dominion Virginia Power has set a brand new new record both for peak and winter electricity usage.
Dominion Virginia Power Generation Company has set a new record number one for peak winter electricity usage.
Dominion of Virginia Power Company has recently also set a new record for peak winter electricity usage.
Dominion Virginia Electric Power Company has also set up a new record for peak winter electricity usage.
Dominion Virginia Power Generation Company has set a new record for both peak and winter electricity usage.
Two other stage show stunt artistes were arrested for snatching.
Two other stage artistes were arrested, twice for snatching.
Two stage artistes, who were also arrested for snatching.
Two, stage artistes, were arrested, for snatching.
Two stage artistes, were also arrested, for snatching.
Cumulus Media is also planning on also eventually dropping Rush Limbaugh, and Sean Hannity.
Cumulus Media is also planning on eventually dropping Rush Limbaugh and then dropping Sean Hannity.
Cumulus Media is planning on eventually dropping out Rush Limbaugh, and then Sean Hannity.
Cumulus Media is planning on dropping Benjamin Rush, Limbaugh, and then Sean Hannity.
Cumulus Media and Media is planning on dropping Rush, Limbaugh and then Sean Hannity.
Brian Wilson, Prince and Jeff Beck will also perform at the Amphitheatre.
Brian Wilson, and Jeff Beck will perform at the Rock the Amphitheatre.
Brian, Wilson, and Jeff Beckman will perform at the Amphitheatre.
Brian, Wilson, and Jeffery Beck will perform at the Amphitheatre.
Brian Wilson and guitarist Jeff Beckman will perform at Rock the Amphitheatre.
The 2017 Indiana State Pacers are one of a teams most interested primarily in Earl Barron.
The Indiana State Pacers are one out of many a teams interested in acquiring Earl Barron.
The 2004 Indiana Pacers are one of a teams reportedly most interested in acquiring Earl Barron.
The Indiana Pacers, are one of a teams interested in acquiring quarterback, Earl Barron.
The Indiana Pacers are one out of a dozen teams, interested primarily in Earl Barron.
A Galaxy - Tab system was also designed for education purposes.
A Galaxy - Tab system was designed specifically for education purposes.
A Galaxy Tab was also designed specifically specifically for education purposes.
A Galaxy Tab system was designed specifically specifically for education purposes.
A Galaxy - based Tab was designed specifically for education purposes.
Three other train cars exploded, near Aliceville.
Three train - cars exploded, near Aliceville.
Three freight - train cars exploded near Aliceville.
Three train - cars exploded, near Aliceville.
Three train dump - cars exploded near Aliceville.
AT & T Labs is preparing its staff for the upcoming iOS 7 release date.
AT & T is preparing staff for announcing of the upcoming iOS 7 release date.
AT & T T is preparing staff plans for the iOS 7 iOS release date.
AT & T is currently preparing staff for the upcoming upcoming iOS 7 release date.
AT & T Labs is preparing staff for the upcoming iOS 7 iOS release date.
Titan International also reported on a 23 percent annual increase in revenue for the entire third quarter.
Titan International also reported on a 23 percent increase in revenue for the entire 2016 third quarter.
Titanium International reported a nearly 23 - percent increase in advertising revenue for the third quarter.
Titan International also reported a 23 percent annual increase in advertising sales revenue for the third quarter.
Titan International reported on a 23 percent increase in revenue for almost the entire entire third quarter.
Dimitar Berbatov has also recently also joined Monaco on loan.
Dimitar Berbatovski has also joined AS Monaco on loan.
Dimitar Berbatovski has joined to AS Monaco on loan.
Dimitar - Kara - Berbatov has joined Monaco on loan.
Dimitar Berbatov has also joined ASC Monaco on loan.
Backstreet Boys TV star Kevin Richardson is a single dad, again following.
Backstreet Boys star, Kevin Richardson is now a single dad again following.
Backstreet Boys'film star Kevin Richardson is a single dad again following.
Backstreet Boys TV star Kevin Richardson is a successful single dad again following.
Backstreet Boys star, Kevin Richardson, is a dad - again following.
Amyris Inc. has begun selling its product Biofene ® a long - chain branched, online at the website farnesene. net.
Amyris Inc., has begun selling its product Biofene ® a new long - chain branched, online at farnesene. net.
Amyris Inc. has recently, also begun selling Biofene, ® a long - chain branched, online at farnesene. net.
Amyris, Inc., has begun selling Biofene ® a long supply - chain, branched, online at farnesene. net.
Amyris Inc. has begun selling its Biofene ® a long - term chain, branched, product online at farnesene. net.
The Indian internet content has been heavily censored by police, without court order.
The internet content has been censored by police, but not without court order.
The internet has been censored by police, successfully but without a court order.
The Thai internet has been censored by the Thai police, without court order.
The internet has been heavily censored, by police, without a court order.
Delia - Smiths has returned to Waitrose.
Delia - Smith has returned home to Waitrose.
Delia Smither has returned home to Waitrose.
Delia Smither has since returned to Waitrose.
Delia - Smith has returned home to Waitrose.
A pregnant woman is charged not only with parenting interference.
A pregnant pregnant pregnant woman is charged with parenting interference.
A woman is charged only with direct male parenting interference.
A woman judge is charged only with unlawful parenting interference.
A woman is sometimes also charged with unlawful parenting interference.
Insolvency interest rates fell for the fifth - fifth consecutive month.
Insolvency rates had also fell dramatically for the fifth consecutive month.
Insolvency interest rates fell dramatically for the fifth - consecutive month.
Insolvency interest rates fell for the fifth - fifth consecutive month.
Insolvency rates fell very sharply for about the fifth consecutive month.
Bulgaria has the eighth cheapest beer in almost half all the world.
Bulgaria currently has only the eighth - cheapest beer in the world.
Bulgaria has the eighth - ranked cheapest beer in all the world.
Bulgaria currently has the eighth - cheapest beer in all the world.
Bulgaria has also produced the twenty eighth cheapest beer in the world.
The US national economy added a second major surprise 204, 000 jobs in October.
The rapidly growing US economy added a major surprise 204, 000 jobs in October.
The US economy had already added a surprise of 204, 000 jobs in October.
The growing US economy added a major surprise with 204, 000 jobs in October.
The US nationalized economy added a surprise 204, 000 jobs nationwide in October.
Yahoo has decided to temporarily temporarily shut down all its office in Cairo.
Yahoo has decided to temporarily shut down all its main office in Cairo.
Yahoo has also decided to temporarily shut down its office space in Cairo.
Yahoo has also decided not to shut - down its office in Cairo.
Yahoo has decided to temporarily shut - down its main office in Cairo.
US generics drugmaker Perrigo Group has agreed to buy Elan for $ US $ 8. 6 billion.
US generic drugmaker John Perrigo has agreed to buy Elan for only about US $ 8. 6 billion.
US generic drugmaker Perrigo has agreed to eventually fully buy Elan for US $ $ 8. 6 billion.
US generics drugmaker Perrigo has agreed terms to buy out Elan for US $ 8. 6 billion.
US generic drugmaker Perrigo has agreed terms to eventually buy Elan for $ 8. 5 5 6 billion.
Maxi - Scherzer doesn't want to ever be traded.
Maxi Scherzeri doesn't want to ever be traded.
Max Scherzer doesn't even really really want to be traded.
Maxi Scherzeri doesn't want to just be traded.
Max Scherzeri doesn't really want to ever be traded.
President Barack - Obama speaks at both the White House.
President Obama speaks regularly at and both the White House.
President Obama speaks at the Barack Obama Presidential White House.
President Barack Obama speaks at the Barack Obama White House.
President Barack Obama also speaks regularly at the White House.
About 400 local Sami residents of Saruuq village gathered for protest.
About 400 thousand local residents outside of Saruu village gathered for protest.
About 400 residents of Saruuwa village gathered there again for protest.
About about 400 residents from outside of Saruu village gathered for protest.
About about 400 thousand the residents of Saruu village gathered for protest.
AppDynamics also, is opening up its own application management platform.
AppDynamics is opening - up its own application - management platform.
AppDynamics is also opening - up its own application management platform.
AppDynamics Software is also opening up on its application management platform.
AppDynamics is opening - up its very own application management platform.
A preparedness training training session is scheduled.
A preparedness training training session is scheduled.
A preparedness training session also is scheduled.
A preparedness and training session is scheduled.
A flight preparedness training training is scheduled.
Detector Exploration Ltd. announces the expected passing of all its founding director.
Detectors Exploration Ltd. also announces the passing away of founding director.
Detector Exploration Ltd. announces with the passing away name of founding director.
Detector Exploration Ltd. also announces the passing away name of founding director.
Detector Exploration Ltd. also announces the passing away of its founding director.
A very angry young Muncie man is accused of beating a newborn.
A young Muncie - County man is accused of beating a newborn.
A Muncie man is falsely falsely accused of beating up a newborn.
A young black Muncie man is accused of physically beating a newborn.
A young Muncie man is accused twice of beating up a newborn.
A suspected DUI victim driver is killed after he slammed his own car into in a parking garage in National City.
A suspected DUI driver, that particular incident is after he slammed his car into a garage door in National City.
A suspected DUI driver is after he was slammed into his car into another car in a garage in National City.
A suspected DUI victim driver, is after he accidentally slammed into driving his car into a garage in National City.
A suspected DUI driver died that night is unknown after he slammed his rental car into a garage in National City.
Donald Brown has signed on - loan with the San Diego Chargers.
Donald Brownlee has also signed with both the San Diego Chargers.
Donald Brown also has recently signed with the San - Diego Chargers.
Donald Brown has also signed with both the NFL San Diego Chargers.
Donaldo Brown has also signed on with the San Diego Chargers.
The Cleveland Indians acquired pitcher Jason Van Kubel from the Diamondbacks.
The Indians also recently acquired outfielder Jason Kubel from the Diamondbacks.
The Indians acquired Jason Kubelski, from both the Diamondbacks.
The Cleveland Indians also acquired Jason Van Kubel from the Diamondbacks.
The Indians also acquired outfielder Jason Kubel from both the Diamondbacks.
Andrew Marr is unable again to type after suffering complications from a stroke.
Andrew Marr is unable once and again to type after suffering a stroke.
Andrew Marr is unable to type after very nearly nearly suffering a stroke.
Andrew - Marr is unable to type after suffering from nearly a stroke.
Andrew Marrwood, is unable to type again after suffering a stroke.
Tana Umagata is being widely cited, for abusing the match officials.
Tana Umaga is being cited for sexually abusing one of the match officials.
Tana Umaga is being cited for sexually abusing one of the match officials.
Tana Umaga is now being cited again for allegedly abusing the match officials.
Tana Umaga is now also being cited for abusing of the match officials.
A shipment of KHE tires also also went along with the ship.
A second shipment full of KHE tires went with half the ship.
A shipment of KHE tires also went along with board the ship.
A new second shipment of KHEZ tires went with the ship.
A shipment of KHE tires also went with board of the ship.
It is the fundamental right of time to invest money in markets.
It is the right economic time frame needed to invest in markets.
It is the very right time to more actively invest in markets.
It is the right time frame to actively actively invest in markets.
It also is the right of time to actively invest in markets.
The plan for a brand new indoor and speed skating indoor arena may be revived.
The plan for a new speed - skating indoor arenas project may be revived.
The plan calls for a few new speed skating sports arenas may be revived.
The original plan for a brand new indoor speed skating ice arena may be revived.
The very original original plan for a new speed - skating arena may be revived.
Safir Airways also has launched on its loyalty program.
Safir Airways has also recently launched its loyalty program.
Safir Airways also has launched its own loyalty program.
Safi Airways has recently also launched its own loyalty program.
Safi Airways Indonesia has also launched its own loyalty program.
Allister Coetzees will then meet up with Stuart Berry.
Allister Coetzee will meet up again with Sir Stuart Berry.
Allister Coetzee will also meet up with Sir Stuart Berry.
Allister Coetzee will then personally meet with Sir Stuart Berry.
Allister Coetzees will later also meet with Stuart Berry.
Kodak has also installed six CTP platesetters designed for newspaper advertising use in Eastern India.
Kodaka has recently also installed six CTP platesetters for the newspaper in Eastern India.
Kodak has installed six CTP platesetters for distributing the newspaper in the North Eastern India.
Kodak has also installed the six new CTP platesetters for the newspaper in Eastern India.
Kodaka Electronics has installed the six CTP platesetters for newspaper in North Eastern India.
THE rand lost its financial momentum in line with the other emerging markets.
THE rand lost momentum, in line with other major, emerging markets.
THE rand lost its market momentum in line with the other emerging markets.
THE new technology rand lost momentum in line with other major emerging markets.
THE new rand lost its momentum in line up with other emerging markets.
Dveri wants to give power back back back home to the people.
Dveri also wants him to help give power back to the people.
Dveri wants him to help give power back to all the people.
Dveri wants him to help give power back to all the people.
Dveri wants to help and give power back to all the people.
Myrtle Beach Beach police officers are also investigating an early morning shooting incident at an apartment complex.
Myrtle Beach police are also investigating an alleged early morning police shooting incident at an apartment complex.
Myrtle Beach police department officers are investigating after an early - morning shooting at an apartment complex.
Myrtle Beach police officers who are investigating an apparent early morning shooting at an abandoned apartment complex.
Myrtle Beach Beach police officers who are investigating after an early morning shooting at an apartment complex.
The Brazilian national central central bank has denied reports it has too and is discussing a coordinated currency intervention with India.
The Brazilian central central bank has denied media reports that it is not discussing launching a coordinated currency intervention with India.
The other major Brazilian central central bank has also denied reports it is discussing a coordinated currency intervention plan with India.
The Brazilian central central bank has also repeatedly denied reports it is discussing a coordinated currency reform intervention plan with India.
The major Brazilian central - bank has denied reports that it is discussing pursuing a more coordinated currency intervention with India.
A Rollins student died in causing a crash in Washington, Washington DC, the police said.
A Rollins College student who later died was in a crash in Washington, DC police said.
A Rollins student died later, in a crash landing in Washington, DC DC police said.
A former Rollins student died in a car crash in Washington, DC DC, police said.
A Rollins student later died in causing a crash in Washington, DC DC DC police said.
A shortage of serum saline is also causing hospitals and dialysis centers, to constantly scramble to better manage their supplies.
A shortage of saline is causing hospitals and other dialysis and treatment centers, to scramble together to manage their supplies.
A shortage of saline is common causing hospitals and dialysis centers to scramble to help better patients manage all their supplies.
A shortage level of serum saline solution is causing hospitals and dialysis treatment centers to constantly scramble to manage their supplies.
A shortage level of saline is common causing many hospitals, and dialysis centers to scramble together to manage their supplies.
Google sold its Motorola Home Mobility to Chinese personal computer maker Lenovo.
Google also sold its Motorola Mobility to the Chinese computer maker Lenovo.
Google sold its Motorola Mobility to the Chinese computer - maker Lenovo.
Google sold its Motorola Mobility Management Solutions to Chinese computer maker Lenovo.
Google sold Motorola Mobility to the major Chinese consumer computer maker Lenovo.
David Letterman will not officially retire in 2015.
David Letterman, will retire him in 2015.
David Letterman, will retire him in 2015.
David David Letterman will not retire in 2015.
David Letterman will likely not retire in 2015.
HomeThangs. com also recently has introduced a guide.
HomeThangs.. com also has introduced a guide.
HomeThangs. com, has also introduced a guide.
HomeThangs. com also has introduced such a guide.
HomeThangs. com has also introduced such a guide.
UN inspectors also met with and took samples taken from victims.
UN inspectors met with survivors and took blood samples from victims.
UN inspectors also met and took samples taken directly from victims.
UN inspectors met and took blood samples, taken from victims.
UN inspectors also met and took out blood samples from victims.
Silverline has also launched, The WaterCooler.
Silverline also has launched : The WaterCooler.
Silverline Community Media has launched The WaterCooler.
Silverline has recently also launched The WaterCooler.
Silverline Media has also launched The WaterCooler.
Japan scrambled jets to head off to a recently downed Chinese plane.
Japan had scrambled jets, ready to head off a Chinese plane.
Japan scrambled jets to clear the headland off a Chinese plane.
Japan itself had scrambled jets to head off a downed Chinese plane.
Japan had scrambled their jets to head off a downed Chinese plane.
Jacques Kallistou will retire from Test cricket and first class cricket.
Jacques Kallistou will also retire from Test and first class cricket.
Jacques de Kallis will retire from Test match cricket and first class cricket.
Jacques de Kallis will retire both from both Test and first class cricket.
Jacques Kallisto will also retire from Test and international first class cricket.
Lockheed Martin will furlough 3, 000, 000 employees dues to the shutdown.
Lockheed Martin will furlough its well over 3, 000 employees due to the shutdown.
Lockheed Martin Corporation will furlough over 3, 000 000 employees due to the shutdown.
Lockheed - Martin will furlough over 3, 000 employees due to protesting the shutdown.
Lockheed - Martin will eventually furlough over 3, 000 employees due to the shutdown.
The first major international urban crime summit comes to St. Louis.
The urban crime - rate at summit comes to St. Louis.
The urban anti - crime summit finally comes to St. Louis.
The urban - crime - crisis summit comes to St. Louis.
The big urban crime summit then finally comes to St. Louis.
The State's mandatory sentencing laws would not even have been tightened.
The United State's mandatory sentencing hearing laws would have been tightened.
The State's mandatory - sentencing laws, have also been tightened.
The State's current mandatory sentencing hearing laws have also been tightened.
The State's own mandatory sentencing laws have recently also been tightened.
David Van Einhorn's company Greenlight Capital has identified the Seeking Alpha Alpha blogger.
David Einhorn's Greenlight Global Capital has also identified the first Seeking Alpha blogger.
David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital has been identified as the Seeking the Alpha blogger.
David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital Project has identified the " Seeking Alpha Alpha blogger.
David Einhorn's blog Greenlight Capital has been identified as the Seeking Alpha blogger.
The Cleveland A - Indians exploded to beat the San - Diego Diego Padres 12 7.
The 2010 Cleveland Indians exploded to beat the San Diego Padres Padres and Padres 12 7.
The Cleveland - Indians offense then exploded, to beat the San Diego Padres 12 7.
The Cleveland Indians exploded to beat the visiting San Diego San Diego Padres Padres 12 7.
The Cleveland - Indians exploded to beat out against the San Diego - Padres 12 7.
Bao Bao also has also got to play outside for the first time.
Bao eventually won and Bao got to play outside for the first time.
Bao Bao got to play outside for seeing him the very first time.
Bao and Bao also got permission to play outside for the first time.
Bao Bao got to play the outside for him the very first time.
The Vatican government has long acknowledged there can be virtually no excuse available for child abuse.
The Catholic Vatican has acknowledged there never really can be no excuse for the child abuse.
The Vatican has acknowledged there can be virtually no excuse given for the alleged child abuse.
The Catholic Vatican has long acknowledged there really can be no good excuse for child abuse.
The Catholic Vatican has acknowledged there really and can be no excuse given for child abuse.
Tyler dodged through the swirling ice storm.
Tyler dodged through into the ice storm.
Tyler dodged through the swirling ice storm.
Tyler dodged through into the ice storm.
Tyler Vincent had dodged the ice storm.
Scandal season # # 3 resumes tonight.
Scandal season 3 finally officially resumes tonight.
Scandal time in season 3 resumes tonight.
Scandal season # # 3 resumes tonight.
Scandal in season 3 finally resumes tonight.
Today pre - announced Chipotle Mexican American Grill Inc. will be host to discuss the first quarter 2014 results on Thursday, April - 17, 2014.
Today announced Chipotle Mexican American Grill Inc. will be host to discuss first quarter 2014 results, held live on Thursday, Saturday April 17, 2014.
Today pre - announced Chipotle and Mexican Grill Inc. will be host again to discuss first quarter 2014 election results on Thursday, April 17, 2014.
Today - announced, Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. will host to discuss first quarter 2014 general election results on the following Thursday, April 17, 2014.
Today - announced Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc., will host to and discuss first - quarter 2014 election results on Thursday, April 17, 2014.
Emotional intelligence, thought the leader chosen.
Emotional high - intelligence thought leader chosen.
Emotional intelligence thought the new leader chosen.
Emotional intelligence thought the new leader chosen.
Emotional intelligence, thought the leader chosen.
Thomas - Larkin has returned to manage for the Springfield Falcons.
Thomas Larkin has returned home to the NFL with Springfield Falcons.
Thomas Larkin has since returned at home to the Springfield Falcons.
Thomas Smith - Larkin, has returned to the Springfield Falcons.
Thomas Larkin has returned home, to join the Springfield Falcons.
The Banker of England loan scheme might lower the unemployment rate threshold, Martin and Weale said.
The Banker of England Act might lower down the unemployment rate threshold, Martin and Weale said.
The Banker of England Act might even lower down the unemployment rate threshold, Martin Weale said.
The Banker Association of England might even lower the UK unemployment rate threshold, Martin Weale said.
The Central Bank of England might even lower down the national unemployment rate threshold, Martin Weale said.
BATS - Chi - Chi X Europe Ltd is introducing a new pricing model.
BATS Chi - X in Europe is introducing as yet a new pricing model.
BATS Chill - X Europe, is introducing yet a new pricing model.
BATS - The Chili - X Europe is introducing a new pricing model.
BATS Chi - X Europe is also introducing a new, premium pricing model.
I know as a prosecutor it's important to make sure that we can successfully successfully enforce all the laws already on the books.
I know that, as a prosecutor it's very important to make sure we can enforce the best laws left on the books.
I also know as a prosecutor it's important enough to make absolutely sure that we can enforce all the laws on the books.
I also know now that as a prosecutor it's important to make sure we enforce all the criminal laws on all the books.
I know as a prosecutor it's very important to always make absolutely sure we enforce all the best laws on all the books.
Lois Lerner, will now testify before Congress tomorrow on Wednesday.
Lois Lerner, will not testify again before Congress on Wednesday.
Lois Lerner, will testify before Congress tomorrow, on Wednesday.
Lois Lee Lerner will testify again, before Congress on Wednesday.
Lois Lerner will testify again, before Congress tomorrow on Wednesday.
Common Core Policy is for dividing Florida conservatives.
Common Core Policy is dividing the Florida conservatives.
Common Core is dividing among the Florida conservatives.
Common Core Policy is for dividing Florida conservatives.
Common Core is dividing the Southern Florida conservatives.
Ann Arbor police are investigating an armed robbery reported early on and early on Sunday morning.
Ann Arbor County police are investigating an armed bank bank robbery reported early on Sunday morning.
Ann Arbor police officers who are investigating an armed robbery reported early on a Sunday morning.
Ann Arbor police are investigating an alleged alleged armed robbery, reported early on Sunday morning.
Ann Arbor police officers are investigating about an armed robbery, as reported early Sunday morning.
Paul McCartney II has also celebrated his anniversary.
Paul McCartney has also recently celebrated his anniversary.
Paul McCartney, also has celebrated his anniversary.
Paul McCartney has been celebrated on his anniversary.
Paul Paul McCartney has also celebrated his anniversary.
Lindsey Vann won at the Olympic qualification in Sapporo.
Lindsey and Vann won the Olympic qualification in Sapporo.
Lindsey and Vann also won the qualification in Sapporo.
Lindsey - Van won in the qualification round in Sapporo.
Lindsey Vann won the 2012 Olympic qualification in Sapporo.
The Lake - Erie Monsters scored, but then they fell to the Utica Valley Comets, 3 2.
The visiting Lake Erie Monsters scored, but fell short, to the Utica Valley Comets, 3 2.
The Lake - Erie Monsters scored, but fell to face the Utica Valley Comets, winning 3 2.
The Lake Erie Monsters scored, all but fell to the Utica Comets, eventually, winning 3 2.
The Lake - Erie Erie Monsters scored, all but one fell to the Utica Comets, 3 2.
Xie Jinping stressed ethnic unity as necessary for the development.
Xi Jinping stressed greater ethnic unity necessary for all the development.
Xie Jinping also stressed an ethnic unity for the development.
Xi Xi Jinping stressed ethnic - Chinese unity for the development.
Xie Jinping stressed ethnic unity for almost all the development.
Tooh and the Party all night are now just two more instances left out of falling standards of Bollywood lyrics.
Tooh! and Birthday Party all the other night are just two instances of the falling standards of Bollywood lyrics.
Tooh and Party all night are just two instances outboard of the ever - falling standards of Bollywood lyrics.
Tooh and Party all the night long are just just two more instances of falling standards because of Bollywood lyrics.
Tooh and " Partying all night are just two instances of the falling standards from outside of Bollywood lyrics.
GetUSales has also introduced its automated marketing solution, designed for dentists.
GetUSales has also introduced its automated health food marketing solution for dentists.
GetUSalest has also introduced its automated marketing automation solution for dentists.
GetUSales has introduced as its first automated marketing marketing solution for dentists.
GetUSalest has been introduced as its automated marketing solution for dentists.
Minister calls upon Macedonian commercial central banks to support strengthening the private sector.
Ministeri calls upon all Macedonian banks to fully support the private sector.
Minister calls upon Macedonian commercial banks not to support the Macedonian private sector.
Minister calls upon Macedonian commercial banks to support only the Macedonian private sector.
Minister calls also upon Macedonian banks to officially support only the private sector.
The entire former North Laurentian Autoroute has closed because of a burning truck.
The Laurentian Regional Transit Autoroute has closed because of a fuel burning truck.
The Laurentian Autoroute has closed down because because because of a burning truck.
The Laurentian Autoroute station building has closed because because of a burning truck.
The very old Laurentian Autoroute has closed because because of a burning truck.
Legendary Chicago Superjock Larry Lujack, died, 2008 in NM He was 73.
Legendary Chicago Superjock, when Larry Lujacks died, NM He was 73.
Legendary and former Chicago Bears Superjock Larry Lujack died, NM He was 73.
Legendary Chicago Superjock Larry " " Lujack died, " NM He was 73.
Legendary Chicago Cubs Superjock Larry King King Lujack died, NM He was 73.
There just really never is a phrase Mind your very own business, Ranbir told reporters.
There really is a phrase Mind your own very own business, " Ranbir told reporters.
There there is also is also a phrase Mind your own business, Ranbir told reporters.
There also is a phrase : Minding your very own business, Ranbir told reporters.
There is also a phrase Minding is your very own business, Ranbir told reporters.
12 Years, and Chiwetelli has revealed what it is really like that he looks for in a role.
12 Years, Chiwetele, has not revealed what role it is he really looks for in a role.
12 New Years, and Chiwetel has revealed what role it is he really looks for in such a role.
12. Years, Chiwetelli has revealed exactly what it is that he really looks for in a role.
12 Years, and Chiwetel has revealed what it is he really really looks for in such such a role.
A HIV + baby may not have yet already been cured.
A HIV + infected human baby girl may have been cured.
A HIV + infected baby girl may have already been cured.
A single female HIV + baby may have already been cured.
A HIV + baby girl who may have already been cured.
Israel will launch of the its first civilian satellite into Earth orbit in late December 2015.
Israel will launch its first civilian satellite back into Earth orbit in late - December 2015.
Israel, will also launch its first civilian satellite into Earth orbit in late December 2015.
Israel will launch of its first civilian communications satellite into low Earth orbit in December 2015.
Israel will launch its very first civilian satellite into orbit in the late - December 2015.
The profitable partisan of the proposed new Turkmen state government budget hit 112. 7 percent.
The profitable part time rate of the 2010 Turkmen state budget hit 112. 5 7 percent.
The most profitable partout of the 2010 Turkmenistan state budget hit 112. 7 percent.
The most - profitable state budget part of the Turkmen state budget hit 112. 7 percent.
The profitable part of the 2010 Turkmen state budget deficit hit $ 112. 5 7 percent.
THE first trial, of two men falsely falsely charged together with killing Lee Rigby this year, is due to start tomorrow morning.
THE trial of two men charged most specifically with killing Lee Rigby in this past year is now due due to start tomorrow morning.
THE trial trial of the two men charged with personally ordering the killing Lee Rigby this year is due to start on tomorrow morning.
THE trial trial of the two men charged with killing both Lee and John Rigby this past year is due to start tomorrow morning.
THE trial of two young men charged specifically with killing John Lee Rigby earlier this year is due now to start on tomorrow morning.
Target Corporation says that about 40 million credit card and debit card accounts may have been or also been affected by a data breach.
Target says about 408 million US credit and and debit card user accounts may have been affected by such a massive data breach.
Target Corporation says about 40 million credit and debit - card accounts may also not yet have been significantly affected by a data breach.
Target says about 40 million credit card and debit card user accounts worldwide may have been affected more than directly by a data breach.
Target Corporation says about 40 - 50 million credit and and debit card user bank accounts may have been affected by a data breach.
Michigan state lawmakers are returning after taking a nearly monthlong break.
Michigan state lawmakers are returning after nearly a full monthlong break.
Michigan lawmakers who are returning home after nearly a monthlong break.
Michigan lawmakers are now returning home after nearly a monthlong break.
Michigan state government lawmakers are returning after a nearly monthlong break.
Entropia Universe is free and also has integrated Paypal, and its side, Zong.
Entropia Universe is has integrated with the game Paypal, and its side, Zong.
Entropia Universe which is has integrated with Paypal, and its other side, Zong.
Entropia The Universe is has integrated Paypal, Max and its human side, Zong.
Entropia Universe is has integrated with Paypal, Mad Max and its side, Zong.
How to get into you a payday loan with savings value.
How easy to get payday loan money, with savings value.
How to get payday loan with only half a savings value.
How hard to get payday bank loan money with savings value.
How to even better get payday loan money with savings value.
Britain's Prince Harry watched the then victorious England cricket team beat Australia.
Britain's Prince Harry watched the England team win and narrowly beat Australia.
Britain's Prince Harry also watched the touring England cricket team beat Australia.
Britain's Prince Harry watched on as the England team narrowly beat Australia.
Britain's Prince Frederick and Harry Truman watched the England team beat Australia.
William William Hague has expressed his regret at ordering for the closure of the Government's Rural and Local Employment Payments Agency offices in Northallerton.
William William Hague has expressed his regret at the closure of almost all the Government's former National Rural Employment Payments Agency offices in Northallerton.
William Hague has since also expressed his regret at the closures of the UK Government's National Rural Payments Agency branch offices in Northallerton.
William Hague has publicly expressed his regrets at the closure of almost all of the Government's Rural Payments Agency branch offices in Northallerton.
William William Hague has ever - since also expressed his regret at the closure of the Government's National Rural Payments Agency offices in Northallerton.
Emanuel Levy will reappoint City Hall to election watchdog Joe Ferguson.
Emanuel will reappointed City Council Hall Party watchdog Joe Ferguson.
Emanuele will reappoint City Hall election watchdog, Joe Ferguson.
Emanuel will later also reappoint City & Hall watchdog Joe Ferguson.
Emanuele will reappoint the City Hall watchdog, Joe Ferguson.
Iran hangs over 16 Syrian opposition rebels in reprisal for border deaths.
Iran also hangs 16 rebels, in a reprisal for border deaths.
Iran hangs over 16 Kurdish rebels in reprisal for the border deaths.
Iran hangs over the 16 rebels in reprisal for the border deaths.
Iran also hangs 16 rebels in a reprisal for the border deaths.
Pakistan has today condemned all the terror attacks in the Jammu region.
Pakistan has today condemned the recent terror attacks in the Jammu region.
Pakistan, today, has condemned the terror attacks in Jammu region.
Pakistan has today condemned the terror - attacks committed in Jammu region.
Pakistan today condemned almost all the terror - attacks in Jammu region.
John Krukowski was taken to hospital, to a hospital, on a stretcher prior to the game.
John Kruk was taken back to a hospital, on a hospital stretcher prior on to playing the game.
John Krukowskis was also taken to a hospital on a stretcher prior on to starting the game.
John Kruk was taken back to to see a hospital, on a hospital stretcher prior to the game.
Johnnie and Kruk was taken to to a hospital, on a hospital stretcher prior to the game.
A tourist who died while underwater attempting suicide to rescue of his two sons at a beach.
A tourist who died, while still attempting to rescue his two sons at on a beach.
A local tourist died while attempting to rescue both his two very young sons at a beach.
A tourist died while attempting to help help help him rescue his two sons at a beach.
A local beach tourist died while attempting unsuccessfully trying to rescue his two sons at a beach.
Farrah Abraham plays a female hooker character on The Days of our Lives.
Farrah Abraham plays a female hooker on Days and Out of our Lives.
Farrah Abraham plays a hooker on Days Out! of All our Lives.
Farrah Abraham plays a young female hooker on Days Out of our Lives.
Farrah - Abraham plays a hooker on Days of Glory All our Lives.
A Lancaster County juvenile and sex trafficking offender has been charged.
A Lancaster County juvenile sex abuse offender has also been charged.
A Lancaster County and County sex trafficking offender has been charged.
A Lancaster County juvenile sex offender who has not been charged.
A Lancaster County sex offender has also recently also been charged.
He later joins as just a agent, having Town.
He later joins them, as a agent having Town.
He later joins them, as a agent having Town.
He joins as a secret agent, eventually having Town.
He joins as just as does a agent having Town.
Head potters, have also benefitted greatly from such a medical screening.
Head potters, have benefitted from their not having a medical screening.
Headless Chinese potters, have also benefitted from a medical screening.
Head potters, have also benefitted from having a successful medical screening.
Headless potters, have benefitted from having a regular medical screening.
A woman also reportedly had to be freed after allegedly being trapped in between the two cars in Dundee.
A woman had to be temporarily or temporarily freed after being trapped in traffic between two cars in Dundee.
A young woman had to be freed, even now after being trapped between two cars back in Dundee.
A young woman also had to eventually be freed after allegedly being trapped in between two cars in Dundee.
A woman had to finally be freed after being trapped in between the two cars parked out in Dundee.
A Cable man, who has died after accidentally stepping out of a moving vehicle.
A Cable man died shortly after stepping out front of a rapidly - moving vehicle.
A Cable man has apparently died after stepping out of just such a moving vehicle.
A Cable - Car man died after accidentally stepping down out of a moving vehicle.
A Cable man died after accidentally stepping down out front of a fast moving vehicle.
A local, Hillsdale homeowner confronted a burglar.
A Hillsdale County homeowner confronted with a burglar.
A Hillsdale County homeowner later confronted a burglar.
A Hillsdale County homeowner confronted with a burglar.
A local Hillsdale homeowner later confronted a burglar.
Wedding. com... my launched its visual search engine, to help help couples plan their wedding.
Wedding. com. my launched with Google its visualized search engine to help help couples plan their wedding.
Wedding. com. my launched on its visual search engine, to help help couples plan for their wedding.
Wedding. com. my wedding website launched its own visual search - engine to help couples plan their wedding.
Wedding. com. my launched its visual search engine to help couples to more properly plan for their wedding.
New - Delhi, The Attorney - Advocate General was threatened by calling in a caller posing as Sonia Gandhi.
New - day Delhi, The Attorney General was threatened by a caller posing himself, as President Sonia Gandhi.
New Delhi, British India : The Indian Deputy Attorney General was threatened by a caller posing as Sonia Gandhi.
New City Delhi, India The Attorney - General was threatened by a caller, posing as President Sonia Gandhi.
New Delhi, India The Attorney General was threatened by calling a caller posing as himself posing as Sonia Gandhi.
Hans Zimmer was also a double winner, at the 2007 Classic Brits.
Hans von Zimmer was also a double winner at the 2007 Classic Brits.
Hans von Zimmer was a double prize - winner at the Classic Brits.
Hans Zimmer was also a double winner, at both the Classic Brits.
Hans Zimmer was a double winner, at both the 2007 Classic Brits.
Officials say however that a grass fire just south of Dillonsville appears to be human caused.
Officials say a small wild grass fire south of Dillon appears not to be entirely human caused.
Officials say that a grass fire just south west of Dillon appears to be entirely human caused.
Officials say a grass fire south - west west of Dillon appears to not be human caused.
Officials say that a small grass fire south of Mount Dillon still appears to be human caused.
Shanghai copper is biased to test a resistance tolerance curve estimated at 52, 000 170 yuan.
Shanghainese copper copper is highly biased to accurately test a resistance at 52, 170 yuan.
Shanghainese copper is biased, able to test a resistance at 52, 000 170 yuan.
Shanghai copper is highly biased to accurately test a resistance at about 52, 000 170 yuan.
Shanghainese copper is biased to test a copper resistance at about $ 52, 170 yuan.
Former senior South Australia cricket captain John Hipwell has died.
Former Australia international captain, John Hipwell, has died.
Former South Australia captain, John Hipwell, has died.
Former Australia captain, John Hipwell, also has died.
Former Australia international captain, John Hipwell also has died.
Maria will be unable once again to again compete at the 2018 US Open and has withdrawn.
Maria will be unable again to compete at the upcoming 2018 US Tennis Open and has withdrawn.
Maria will be unable again ever to compete again at either the US Open and has withdrawn.
Maria will be declared unable to again compete at the US Open and therefore she has withdrawn.
Maria will be unable to again compete at the 2018 US Tennis Junior Open and has withdrawn.
Lea - Michele was spotted looking pretty in hot pink while filming Glee Club Live in New - York City.
Lea - Michele herself was spotted looking pretty in pink while simultaneously in filming for Glee in New York City.
Lea Michele was also spotted looking very pretty in pink lipstick while filming Glee in New New - York City.
Lea - Michele herself was spotted looking pretty good in pink while still filming Glee in downtown New York City.
Lea Michele was first spotted looking pretty in pink red lipstick while in filming for Glee in New York City.
Medical alarm devices will stop from working unless they too soon are transferred.
Medical and alarm devices that will stop working unless they too are transferred.
Medical alarm devices will stop from working, unless they too are transferred.
Medical alarm devices will generally not stop working unless after they are transferred.
Medical alarms devices will stop working unless after they all are transferred.
The Boston - construction - boom boom may prove sustainable.
The new Boston construction boom may still not prove sustainable.
The Boston construction booming booms may prove sustainable.
The Boston waterfront and construction industry boom may prove sustainable.
The Boston construction booming booms may prove sustainable.
Thieves set up a large number of fires to help distract staff.
Thieves set up a number of fires, to help distract staff.
Thieves had also set up a number of fires to distract staff.
Thieves set a large number of fires trying to help distract staff.
Thieves set a number of small forest fires to help distract staff.
Moores has also expanded into Guernsey.
Moores has also expanded into Guernsey.
Moore has since expanded further into Guernsey.
Moores has also expanded into Guernsey.
Moore has expanded further south into Guernsey.
Punjab government is pursuing making such a comprehensive policy for the promotion level of of education.
Punjab government also is pursuing such a comprehensive policy for the further promotion of of education.
Punjab government is pursuing a comprehensive education policy for the furthering promotion of of education.
Punjab government also is pursuing a more comprehensive public education policy for the promotion of education.
Punjab state government is also pursuing a comprehensive policy framework for the promotion of of education.
The Miracle Mile Sunset Strip Amusement Park opened, in Panama City South Beach, re - opened.
The Miracle Strip Amusement Theme Park opened in the Panama City City Beach, and re - opened.
The Miracle Strip Amusement Park, which opened in Panama City South Beach, was re - opened.
The Miracle Mile Strip Amusement Park, opened in Panama City City South Beach, re - opened.
The Miracle Strip Amusement Park, which opened in Panama City South Beach, re re - opened.
India will wait to see how the situation plays out here in particular this particular the Maldives.
India also will wait to see how well the political situation plays itself out in the Maldives.
India will not wait to go see how the political situation plays out here in the Maldives.
India will wait to see how the situation really plays itself all out in defending the Maldives.
India also will wait to see how well the situation plays out and in defending the Maldives.
Triumph Motorcycles has opened its first dealership service delivery facility in Bangalore.
Triumph Motorcycles has opened up its dealership service facility, in Bangalore.
Triumph Motorcycles has opened up its dealership service facility, in Bangalore.
Triumph Motorcycles Limited has opened up up its dealership facility in Bangalore.
Triumph International Motorcycles has opened its dealership and service facility in Bangalore.
Neil John Lennon has also warned Mo Bangura.
Neil Lennon himself has warned about Mo Bangura.
Neil Lennon has been warned about Mo Bangura.
Neil Lennon has also warned about Mo Bangura.
Neil John Lennon himself has warned Mo Bangura.
Infosys may now also move up to Rs 3300 3350.
Infosys may move up to Rs. Rs 3300 3350.
Infosys shares may move to Rs. Rs 3300 3350.
Infosys may move to the Rs. Rs 3300 3350.
Infosys may move to Rs. or Rs 3300 3350.
A former Southern South Louisiana Baptist pastor was shot to death while preaching in church.
A Louisiana Baptist pastor who died also was shot to death while preaching in church.
A Louisiana pastor was shot to his death while outside preaching his sermons in church.
A Louisiana pastor was also shot to death, while preaching his sermons in church.
A Louisiana pastor was shot to his own death while still not preaching in church.
European stocks, however, are seen opening marginally higher.
European wild cattle stocks are seen opening up marginally higher.
European cattle stocks are also seen opening up marginally higher.
European cattle stocks are seen as opening up marginally higher.
European stocks are generally seen as only opening marginally higher.
Singapore Navy also was acquiring two submarines.
Singapore Navy was also acquiring two submarines.
Singapore was considering acquiring the two submarines.
Singapore was considering acquiring the two submarines.
Singapore Navy was acquiring the two submarines.
Adil Rami has been held temporarily indefinitely suspended indefinitely by Valencia.
Adil Rami has also recently been temporarily temporarily suspended by Valencia.
Adil Rami has also been temporarily temporarily temporarily suspended by Valencia.
Adil Rami has since then been also temporarily suspended by Valencia.
Adil Ramiyehu has been also temporarily suspended by Valencia.
Bashar Assad said he will abide by such as a proposed UN resolution.
Bashar Assad has said that he will not abide by a UN resolution.
Bashar Assad said he will abide by such laws as a UN resolution.
Bashar Assad said he will not abide strictly by a new UN resolution.
Bashar Assad has said he will abide by such a proposed UN resolution.
A Great Big Big Big Big World's debut, There Anybody, is.
A Great Big World Great Big World's debut, There Anybody, is.
A Great Big Great Big World's debut, There Goes Anybody, is.
A Great Big Great Big World's debut, There Goes Anybody, is.
A Great Big World's album and debut, Is There Anybody, is.
Matt Harvey and later, his first girlfriend, model Anne V, may have broken up.
Matt Harvey, actor and his girlfriend, model Anne V, also have recently broken up.
Matty, Harvey and his new girlfriend, the model Anne V, have broken up.
Matt Harvey and later his girlfriend, model, Anne V, and have since broken up.
Matt visits Harvey and his girlfriend, the model Anne V, who have recently broken up.
A Bartonville school trustee was also released early from jail.
A Bartonville school board trustee also was released from jail.
A former Bartonville school board trustee was released from jail.
A Bartonville trustee also later was released early from jail.
A Bartonville trustee, also was later released from jail.
Five, 000 San Francisco cops, who were indicted, for illegal searches, drug dealing and other crimes.
Five San Francisco city cops were indicted for illegal house - searches, drug dealing, and various other crimes.
Five San Francisco Bay city cops were also indicted for illegal searches, illegal illegal drug dealing and other crimes.
Five San - area San Francisco cops were indicted for illegal searches, drug - dealing, and other crimes.
Five San Francisco cops were indicted, mostly, for illegal house searches, drug dealing, and other crimes.
Cook County Prison is using inmates there to tear - down abandoned buildings.
Cook County is using inmates to tear tear - down and abandoned buildings.
Cook County is using inmates there to help tear down the abandoned buildings.
Cook County is using the inmates'facilities to tear down abandoned buildings.
Cook County Prison is using the inmates facilities to tear down abandoned buildings.
The West Bengal government, will also take steps to stop misuse of beacons, and hooters.
The West - Bengal government also will take to and stop the misuse of beacons and hooters.
The West Bengal government will now also take to stop the misuse of beacons, and hooters.
The West Bengal state government will also take to stop the misuses of beacons and hooters.
The West - Bengal government will take steps to stop misuses of beacons, and hooters.
Kolkata, Sachin Kumar Tendulkar will also enter in his second farewell series at 24th position.
Kolkata, Sachin Kumar Tendulkar will enter in his very second farewell series at 24th position.
Kolkata, in India where Sachin Tendulkar will also enter his farewell series at 24th position.
Kolkata, Sachin Tendulkar, who will enter his farewell series at the top 24th position.
Kolkata, Sachin Tendulkar will enter his second consecutive farewell series, at the 24th position.
Heidi von Klumm has since given up lingerie modelling.
Heidi Klumm has given - up on lingerie modelling.
Heidi Klum has given hands - up on lingerie modelling.
Heidi Heidi Klumm has given - up lingerie modelling.
Heidi Klumm has given up on her lingerie modelling.
Peaches Geldof, has been found dead at near to her home.
Peaches Geldof, has been found dead at home near her home.
Peaches Geldof has been also later found dead, at her home.
Peaches Van der Geldof has also been found dead at her home.
Peaches Van der - Geldof has been found dead at her home.
Calgary police are now also investigating for a New Year's Eve stabbing.
Calgary police are investigating after investigating a recent New Year's Eve stabbing.
Calgary police officers are also investigating for a New Year's Eve stabbing.
Calgary police officers are investigating a recent New - Year's Eve stabbing.
Calgary police are also investigating a New Year's Eve and Eve stabbing.
Nicki Woodcock will face on a disciplinary panel.
Nicki Wood will face trial on a disciplinary panel.
Nicki Woodcock will not face a disciplinary panel.
Nicki and Woodcock will face a disciplinary panel.
Nick and Wood will then each face a disciplinary panel.
A young Schuyler - family man has died after a one car accident.
A Schuyler family man has died after a tragic one - car accident.
A young Schuyler man who has died after only a one car accident.
A Schuyler family man who has died recently after a one car accident.
A wealthy Schuyler family man has died after a one - car accident.
Interest rates here alone will stay low.
Interest - rate rates will stay low.
Interest rates will almost always stay low.
Interest rates will almost always stay low.
Interest rates will almost always stay low.
The main enemy of all the reconstruction is always corruption.
The enemy and cause of reconstructions is always corruption.
The main enemy of the reconstruction process is always corruption.
The main political enemy cause of reconstruction is always corruption.
The enemy of the reconstruction is now almost always corruption.
Planet Fitness has recently also celebrated the grand re - opening grand opening of its Rochester club.
Planet Fitness has celebrated with the annual, grand re - - opening of its Rochester club.
Planet Earth Physical Fitness has celebrated the annual grand - re - opening of its Rochester club.
Planet Fitness has celebrated the annual grand re - opening ceremony of all of its Rochester club.
Planet on Earth Fitness has also recently celebrated the grand re - opening of its Rochester club.
The new Saints promoted linebacker, Kyle Knox.
The Saints also promoted linebacker, Kyle Knox.
The Fighting Saints also promoted linebacker Kyle Knox.
The Saints also promoted linebacker, Kyle Knox.
The Saints promoted middle linebacker, Kyle Knox.
A second, pre - poll survey projected BJP victory sweeping Gujarat, Rajasthan and Karnataka.
A second pre - poll survey projected BJP sweeping Gujarat, Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Karnataka.
A pre - polled survey projected BJP sweeping Gujarat, then Rajasthan, and Karnataka.
A pre - poll survey projected the ruling BJP as sweeping Gujarat, Rajasthan and Karnataka.
A pre - poll survey also showed projected BJP sweeping Gujarat, then Rajasthan and Karnataka.
A suicide bomber attacked a military convoy of German occupation troops stationed near to the international airport in Kabul.
A suicide bomber was attacked on a very large convoy of German troops stationed near the airport in Kabul.
A suicide bomber attacked on a convoy of German troops, stationed nearby near the international airport in Kabul.
A suicide bomber attacked a convoy of German occupation army troops near the main international military airport in Kabul.
A German suicide bomber attacked a convoy of retreating German occupation troops, near the airport, in Kabul.
Shah Rukh Khan, politician who turned age 48 just today, said that he wants to do work for the upliftment cause of society.
Shaheed Rukh Khan, who has turned out 48 today, said that he wants to work for " the upliftment cause of society.
Shah Rukh Khan, who turned 48, just today, said he still only wants to work for forging the upliftment of society.
Shah - e Rukh Khan, who turned 48 today, said he wants to all together do work together for the upliftment of society.
Shah Rukh Khan, who just turned 48 today, said that he still wants to work hard and forging the upliftment of society.
Court action however is currently being taken against Fisherman & Paykel.
Court action for now is being taken against both Fisher & Paykel.
Courted action is being also taken, against Fisher & Paykel.
Court action is currently being taken against Fisherman Smith & Paykel.
Court action is also being actively taken now against Fisher & Paykel.
A grill and fire spread itself out from across a patio to a south Fargo home.
A small grill fire spread from a patio door leading to a small south Fargo home.
A grill fire spread from behind a back patio patio to reveal a south Fargo home.
A grill fire had spread from a patio to a south of of the Fargo home.
A large grill and fire had already spread from a patio to a south Fargo home.
Heidi Klum also showed off some major cleavages while in a red plunging gown during performance at the 2014 People's Choice Awards.
Heidi Klum showed off some new and more majorly cleavage in a plunging ball gown performance at the 2014 People's Choice Awards.
Heidi Klum showed off some her other recent major cleavage in a plunging gown at both the and 2014 People's'Choice Awards.
Heidi Klum showed - off some major female cleavages, while in a plunging gown, at the 2014 People's Choice Awards.
Heidi Klum showed off along with some major cleavage in a bright red plunging ball gown at the 2014 People's Teen Choice Awards.
Mortgage service applications were recovered, edging up 1 %.
Mortgage applications recovered, edging it up to 1 %.
Mortgage applications were recovered, edging up to 1 %.
Mortgage service applications recovered, edging up to 1 %.
Mortgage applications recovered, eventually edging it up 1 %.
Moneycontrol. com also is retro - launching its Property section.
Moneycontrol. com also recently is re - launching its Property section.
Moneycontrol. com is also re - launching its Real Property section.
Moneycontrol. com is re - officially launching with its Property section.
Moneycontrol. com also recently is re - launching its Property section.
Crude mental benchmarks surged.
Crude mental benchmarks surged.
Crude mental benchmarks surged.
Crude mental benchmarks surged.
Crude mental benchmarks surged.
Drake hosts at the 2014 MTV ESPY ceremony.
Drake also hosts the 2014 MTV ESPY ceremony.
Drake also hosts the 2014 MTV ESPY ceremony.
Drake hosts the June, 2014 ESPY ceremony.
Drake hosts the 2014 MTV Awards ESPY ceremony.
Kimi Fields, is pregnant.
Kimi Fields, is pregnant.
Kimi - Fields is pregnant.
Kimberley Fieldsen is pregnant.
Kim Fieldsen, is pregnant.
The new Payne County commissionership will consider.
The other Payne County commissioners they will consider.
The Payneham Urban County commissioners will consider.
The Payne County county commissionership will consider.
The Payne County and county commissioners will consider.
An intelligence service official who was shot dead in the northern province area of Afghanistan.
An intelligence official, was shot dead in northern the Kabul Province province of Afghanistan.
An unnamed Afghan military intelligence official was shot dead in northern province Kabul of Afghanistan.
An intelligence official, was shot and dead, in a northern province of Afghanistan.
An intelligence - service official was shot and dead while in northern province of Afghanistan.
Tesla Motors Corporation is also expanding in California.
Tesla General Motors Corporation is expanding in California.
Tesla General Motors is expanding operations in California.
Tesla and General Motors is expanding in California.
Tesla Motors Corporation is expanding operations in California.
Indian shares ended on a flat Tuesday.
Indian shares of market ended flat Tuesday.
Indian shares market ended on flat Tuesday.
Indian Express shares ended on flat Tuesday.
Indian shares ended up on flat Tuesday.
Syrian rebels had also used the sarin as nerve gas.
Syrian Army rebels had used the sarin as nerve gas.
Syrian rebels have reportedly also had used sarin nerve gas.
Syrian Army rebels had used the chemical sarin nerve gas.
Syrian Army rebels had previously also used sarin nerve gas.
European stocks inched, with markets steadily steadying even after all the last week's heavy losses.
European oil stocks inched, even with markets still steadying after last week's very heavy losses.
European oil stocks had barely inched, with markets still steadying after last week's heavy losses.
European stocks inched, even with the markets steadying slightly after the last week's heavy losses.
European stocks inched, even with markets still steadying after last - the week's heavy losses.
Marcella Hazan, died,.. She was 89.
Marcella - Hazan, She died, She was 89.
Marcella Hazan, She died, She died was 89.
Marcella Hazan, died, Sheba, was 89.
Marcella Hazan, died,.. She was 89.
SNOW! has also hit parts of Gwent.
SNOW! has hit parts outside of Gwent.
SNOWS has hit parts outside of Gwent.
SNOW! It has hit parts of Gwent.
SNOW has also performed hit parts of Gwent.
The Maserati rangefinder system was launched.
The Maserati 7000 range was launched.
The Maserati Super 700 range was launched.
The first Maserati rangefinder was launched.
The brand new Maserati range was launched.
The Boston Globe newspaper says its publisher has plans to not step down.
The newspaper The Boston Globe says its former publisher plans to step down.
The Boston Globe says its publisher plans him to simply not step down.
The Boston Globe says its publisher plans to not immediately, step down.
The Boston Globe also says its publisher also has plans to step down.
How long cant i get my little dog to take tramadol.
How can i get him off my dog to go take tramadol.
How can i not get my hot dog out to take tramadol.
How can t i get to my dog house to take tramadol.
How can'i just not get my dog to take tramadol.
TRIPOLI, Libya say they have already formed a new Libyan regional oil company.
TRIPOLI, in neighboring Libya, say they have formed a regional oil company.
TRIPOLI, Libya, say they have formed it as a regional oil company.
TRIPOLI, Libya say, that they have already formed a regional oil company.
TRIPOLI, in the Libya say that they have formed a regional oil company.
Meethaq, hosted it as a monthly seminar which has highlighted risks and core Islamic legal issues in Islamic banking.
Meethaq, hosted a seminar which highlighted risks management and the core legality, issues inherent in Islamic banking.
Meethaq, hosted a monthly seminar which has highlighted risks and core ethical and legal issues involved in Islamic banking.
Meethaq, hosted a seminar which highlighted risks and the key core Islamic and Islamic legal issues in Islamic banking.
Meethaq, hosted a seminar which highlighted risks and core legal issues being made involved in the new Islamic banking.
Japan launched and on Wednesday a US - style UN National Security Council.
Japan was launched on Wednesday a US - style National Defense Security Council.
Japan was launched on Wednesday a new US - style National Security Council.
Japan was launched on a Wednesday a US - style National Security Council.
Japan launched on Wednesday a US style National Defense Command and Security Council.
The late father of Pavlo Lapshyn also told him his grandmother also was a Muslim.
The father of footballer, Pavloi Lapshyn told his grandmother was not a Muslim.
The father of footballer Pavlo Lapshyn was also told his maternal grandmother was a Muslim.
The father of Pavlo Lapshyn told his maternal - grandmother he was also a Muslim.
The father of Pavlo Lapshyn, he later was told his grandmother was a Muslim.
What really frustrates about the other people.
What really frustrates me about other people.
What frustrates me about the other people.
What happened really frustrates about other people.
What frustrates me about the other people.
One of the Waterford most wanted men is wanted only after he turned.
One of Waterford most wanted men who is wanted after what he turned.
One of Waterford most people wanted is him being wanted after he turned.
One resident of Waterford most wanted is wanted after what happened he turned.
One third of Waterford County most wanted men is wanted after he turned.
Black players could not boycott the upcoming 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Black African players could not boycott the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Black players could also not boycott the upcoming 2018 World Cup.
Black players could boycott of the upcoming 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Black players also could not boycott the upcoming 2018 World Cup.
The World Bank Group has agreed to provide about US $ 1. 7 billion.
The World Bank Group has also agreed to help provide $ 1. 7 billion.
The World Development Bank, has agreed to provide $ 1. 2 7 billion.
The World Development Bank has agreed to help provide US $ 1. 7 billion.
The World Bank Group has also agreed to help provide $ 1. 7 billion.
A pregnant woman was left with her baby stuck inside a car trunk for nearly 30 minutes, police say.
A pregnant woman left her baby inside of in a police car for nearly 30 - minutes, police say.
A woman left her newborn newborn baby inside a police car for a nearly full 30 minutes, police say.
A woman has left her newborn baby inside a car trunk trunk for nearly 30 minutes, the police say.
A woman left her newborn and baby behind inside of a police car for nearly 30 minutes, police say.
A very large number of gangland figures who could seek retrials.
A large enough number of gangland figures who could seek retrials.
A number of gangland figures could not possibly even seek retrials.
A number out of gangland were figures who could seek retrials.
A large number some of the gangland figures could seek retrials.
The US military has stopped shipments from outports of Afghanistan.
The US has stopped shipments from out - west of Afghanistan.
The US has stopped shipments out of west coast of Afghanistan.
The US has also recently stopped shipments from out of Afghanistan.
The Western US has also stopped shipments out west of Afghanistan.
Max, the deceased former basset hound, later was reunited with his family.
Max, by now the basset - hound, was reunited with his family.
Max, now the basset horn - hound, was reunited with his family.
Max, the basset - hound, was reunited again with all his family.
Max, as the former basset hound, was later reunited with his family.
Rooney also tormented Leverkusen.
Rooney also tormented Leverkusen.
Rooney also tormented Leverkusen.
Rooney also tormented Leverkusen.
Rooney also tormented Leverkusen.
The financial failure of CEZ call centre centre has now been eliminated.
The failure - rate of the CEZ call centre has been eliminated.
The financial failure of CEZ call - centre centre has been eliminated.
The failure of the former CEZ call centre centre has been eliminated.
The failure rate of CEZ call centre phone services has been eliminated.
Congress leaders would also retain power in Rajasthan.
Congress would also retain power only in Rajasthan.
Congress would also retain its power in Rajasthan.
Congress leaders would also retain power in Rajasthan.
Congress party leaders would retain power in Rajasthan.
Those are and are almost certainly not devoid of republicanism.
Those are democratic and they are devoid entirely of republicanism.
Those are democratic and are not completely devoid of republicanism.
Those are and still are devoids " of republicanism.
Those are not and still are devoids of republicanism.
A false bomb alert snarled traffic in too - much of downtown the old Philippine capital.
A false bomb threat alert has also snarled traffic congestion in much of the Philippine capital.
A false - bomb alert also snarled traffic congestion in much of the northern Philippine capital.
A false bomb alert snarled traffic congestion in too much parts of downtown the Philippine capital.
A false bomb alert snarled traffic in far - too much of - the Philippine capital.
A researcher maneuvers around a drum used in performing the extraction process consisting of radium.
A researcher maneuvers a magnetic pressure drum, used in the extraction process of radium.
A young researcher maneuvers a large drum used extensively in the extraction process of radium.
A researcher, then maneuvers around a drum used in the extraction process of radium.
A researcher performs maneuvers around in a magnetic drum used in the extraction of radium.
The Red Cross was helping evacuate a total number of 44 people evacuated after fires over during the weekend in New Providence, and Central Falls.
The Red Cross was helping a total of 44 people immediately after the fires, over the weekend in Providence, Massachusetts and in Central Falls.
The Red Cross was helping to help a total of 44 people die after fires over the weekend, in New Providence and in Central Falls.
The Red Cross was helping a combined total of only about 44 people injured after fires over the previous weekend, in Providence and Central Falls.
The Red Cross was helping rescue 42 of a total of 44 people after the fires over the weekend in Providence and in nearby Central Falls.
Barack Obama hits, trying to focus attention onto efforts designed to help restore middle - class prosperity.
Barack Obama hits, trying to focus onto his efforts designed primarily aimed to restore middle class prosperity.
Barack - Obama also hits, trying to focus onto his efforts to restore American middle class prosperity.
Barack - Barack Obama hits, trying to help shift focus onto efforts to restore middle class prosperity.
Barack Obama hits, trying to focus onto efforts specifically designed to help help restore middle class prosperity.
Winds had battered across west Wales.
Winds battered the south west Wales.
Winds were battered south west Wales.
Winds were battered south west Wales.
Winds had battered across west Wales.
Hunterdon Medical Center is now also the the only hospital located in New Jersey offering a treatment for hemorrhoids.
Hunterdon Medical Center is now the largest hospital in northern New Jersey, offering patients a treatment for hemorrhoids.
Hunterdon County Medical Research Center is the hospital in New Jersey offering patients a comprehensive treatment plan for hemorrhoids.
Hunterdon Medical Center is currently the only hospital in New York South Jersey offering a treatment program for hemorrhoids.
Hunterdon Medical Medical Center is also the only hospital in northern New South Jersey offering a treatment for hemorrhoids.
Pixies have announced a brand - new bassist.
Pixies themselves have also announced a new bassist.
Pixies have announced for 2017 a new bassist.
Pixies have also announced a brand new bassist.
Pixies have announced a brand - new bassist.
Volkswagen has also made a $ 6. 7 billion euros all stock takeover offer for Swedish pickup - truck maker Scania.
Volkswagen has made a 6. 7 -. 7 billion euros all takeover offer, for the Swedish truck maker Scania.
Volkswagen has also made it a 6. 7 billion euros, above all takeover offer for Swedish truck - maker Scania.
Volkswagen has made up a $ 6. 7 billion euros all takeover and bid offer, for Swedish truck maker Scania.
Volkswagen has made a US $ 6. 7 billion euros above all takeover bid offer for the Swedish truck maker Scania.
Scott Carpenter, who became, retired and died suddenly at age 88.
Scott Carpenter, or who he became, later died at age 88.
Scott Carpenter, who became, died suddenly at the hospital age 88.
Scott Carpenter, who as he later became, died at age 88.
Scott Carpenter, who he later became, died at the age 88.
Auckland War Veterans Memorial and War Museum Auckland will take its WWI commemorations to the people.
Auckland War Memorial Museum will also take its annual post WWII commemorations to the people.
Auckland War Memorial Museum will also take its WWII commemorations out to honour the people.
Auckland War Memorial Museum will take out its WWI commemorations, to commemorate all the people.
Auckland War Memorial and Museum will take its annual post WWII commemorations to the people.
The new construction sector would slip into contraction.
The construction sector will then slip into contraction.
The new construction saw sector slip into contraction.
The construction phase of sector slip into contraction.
The construction sector will slip further into contraction.
Iranian naval warships are to sail close fast enough to US borders.
Iranian warships will also are to sail very close to US borders.
Iranian warships also are to sail close to the current US borders.
Iranian warships are to sail ships very close to the US borders.
Iranian warships are ordered to not even sail close to US borders.
Of thousands flocked to pray for the good - luck and fortune for all the coming, new year.
Of course thousands flocked to pray for good luck - good luck and fortune for the coming new year.
Of thousands flocked to and pray for good luck, and for good fortune for the coming new year.
Of thousands flocked to pray for them all the promised good luck and fortune for starting the new year.
Of thousands who flocked to pray for all the good - luck and fortune for starting the new year.
RITA ORA was left behind flashing around in her black underwear while celebrating her birthday.
RITA ORA was left flashing her new underwear on while celebrating it on her birthday.
RITAY - - ORAY was left flashing her underwear while celebrating her birthday.
RITA - ORA was only left after flashing her new underwear while celebrating her birthday.
RITAY - ORA was left flashing in her underwear while celebrating on her birthday.
A second MAN member suffered a head injury after an early car crash.
A MAN suffered damage from a head - injury after an car crash.
A MAN helicopter pilot also suffered a head injury after an car crash.
A MAN suffered a head injury after not surviving in an car crash.
A MAN suffered from a head injury after surviving an earlier car crash.
Lorain County Community College will also offer college courses at high schools, beginning this fall.
Lorain County - Area Community College will offer courses offered at local high schools this fall.
Lorain County Community College will also offer community - college courses at high schools this fall.
Lorain County - Area Community College District will offer college courses at high schools this fall.
Loraine County Community Community College will offer courses only offered at high schools this fall.
Searchers there also may have found the remains of a King Salmon woman.
Searchers may also have also found the remains of a King Salmon woman.
Searchers have since also found the remains of a a King Salmon woman.
Searchers have now found only the remains of a King of Salmon woman.
Searchers may have found the remains there, of a King Salmon woman.
The average price point of oil slipped closer to $. 94 a full barrel after falling more than than 7 percent in July of the past month.
The price of oil slipped closer to US $ 94 a full barrel after falling more than $. 7 percent annually in prices the previous past month.
The price tag of oil has also slipped closer to $ 940 billion a barrel, after falling more than than 7 percent in the past month.
The price of oil had also slipped closer still to US $. 94 a barrel after not falling more than about 7 percent in the past month.
The price tag of oil had slipped closer still to $ 94 a barrel after not falling more than 7 percent from earlier on in the past month.
A plan Fort Myers - Myers grandmother made to install permanent lightning detectors.
A wealthy Fort Myers grandmother made plans not to install permanent lightning detectors.
A Fort Myers grandmother made to install two permanent automatic electric lightning detectors.
A Fort Myers grandmother made plans to also install two permanent lightning detectors.
A Fort Myers'grandmother made to install permanent electric and lightning detectors.
This Long Island beachfront home designed primarily by architect Myron Goldfinger, FAIA is featured in the 2016 documentary film The Last Lone Wolf Out of Wall Street.
This historic 1920s Long Island beach home, designed by American architect, Myron Goldfinger, FAIA is featured prominently in in the film The Wolf of Wall Street.
This Long - Island beach home, designed by architect Myron Lee Goldfinger, FAIA, and is featured in in the 2008 film The Wolf of Wall Street.
This Long Island beach home designed by American architect Myron Charles Goldfinger, the FAIA is prominently featured in the film The Last Lone Wolf Out of Wall Street.
This historic, historic Long Island style, beach home designed by architect Myron Goldfinger, FAIA is featured in in the film The Wolf of Old Wall Street.
A man who was sentenced to 40 years for committing a number of of sex crimes against his children in Marion and in neighboring West and Linn counties.
A man convicted was sentenced up to 407 consecutive years for committing a number of sex related crimes committed against children in Marion County and Linn counties.
A man was sentenced to 40 consecutive years for allegedly committing a number of sex related crimes he committed against children in Marion and neighboring West Linn counties.
A young man was later sentenced to over 40 years imprisonment for committing a number of sex crimes allegedly committed against children in Marion County and Linn counties.
A young man was sentenced to 40 years imprisonment for committing of a number of sex crimes against children, in both Marion County, and Linn counties.
Selangor state police police will also review the allocation of firearms licences.
Selangor state state police will review the future allocation of firearms licences.
Selangor state police will also review all the allocation of firearms licences.
Selangor police will also periodically review the allocation of their firearms licences.
Selangor police will also review the allocation of the state firearms licences.
Consignment stores have also more recently gained in popularity, and may be a option item for formal dance attire.
Consignment stores have also gained popularity, worldwide and may be considered a option both for formal and dance attire.
Consignment dance stores have also gained popularity, and now, there may be a option for formal dance attire.
Consignment clothing in stores have gained popularity, and may be a option both for both formal and dance attire.
Consignment stores also have gained popularity, worldwide and may be a option menu item for formal and dance attire.
A gun in donated clothes discharged and he nearly killed a Chicago woman.
A loaded gun in donated street clothes when discharged killed a Chicago woman.
A gunman in donated clothes discharged and killed a young Chicago woman.
A gun in donated clothes found nearby when discharged killed a Chicago woman.
A gun in donated clothes discharged killed off, a young Chicago woman.
European banks are now lending far less money to companies.
European investment - banks are now lending less to companies.
European investment banks that exist are lending less to companies.
European investment - banks are now lending less to companies.
European investment - banks are now lending less to companies.
Measles has since reemerged himself in Vietnam.
Measles has since reemerged himself in Vietnam.
Measles disease has reemerged again in Vietnam.
Measles disease has not reemerged in Vietnam.
Measles has since reemerged himself in Vietnam.
A new vaccine system may help prevent chronic multiple sclerosis.
A vaccine used may help prevent developing chronic multiple sclerosis.
A vaccine may help to also help prevent multiple sclerosis.
A vaccine used may help to help prevent multiple sclerosis.
A vaccine used here may also help prevent multiple sclerosis.
Arvind Kejriwale is enrolled as being a registered voter in three places.
Arvind Singh of Kejriwal is enrolled as a voter, in three places.
Arvind Singh Kejriwale is enrolled as a voter, in three places.
Arvind Kejriwale is also enrolled there as a voter in three places.
Arvind Kejriwal is now also enrolled as being a voter in three places.
A grass fire burns out and out of its original control near Sydney Olympic Park.
A grass fire that burns out out much out of control near Sydney Olympic Park.
A grass fire burns out out of control, near Sydney, National Olympic Park.
A very large grass fire burns out of control near Sydney, National Olympic Park.
A grassroots fire burns out areas outside of fire control near Sydney Olympic Park.
She's releasing me like a sex tape.
She's releasing a new fake sex tape.
She's been considering releasing a sex tape.
She's been releasing me a sex tape.
She's been releasing me a sex tape.
That, the world population, is already slowly gearing up to the challenges of climate change.
That, the world human population, is already gearing up to the challenges of climate change.
That, the world is gearing up once again to the great new challenges of climate change.
That, the world population is gearing up due to the challenges faced because of climate change.
That, the entire world population is gearing up to the great new challenges of climate change.
Tranmere Rovers Rovers then suspended manager Ronnie Moore.
Tranmere Rovers Rovers suspended manager, Ronnie Moore.
Tranmere Rovers also suspended their manager Ronnie Moore.
Tranmere Rovers suspended their former manager Ronnie Moore.
Tranmere Rovers'suspended manager, Ronnie Moore.
An unnamed electric - car owner has also been arrested for stealing around 5 US - cents worth of electricity.
An unnamed local electric car owner has also recently been arrested for stealing around 5 cents worth worth of electricity.
An electric - car owner has also been arrested for allegedly stealing around $ 5 US cents worth of electricity.
An unnamed electric car owner, has been arrested for stealing some of around 5 cents'worth of electricity.
An electric - car owner has also recently been arrested for stealing around $ 5 cents'worth of electricity.
Rigid home appraisals, & even the stronger regulatory walls, ease Fannie Mae losses.
Rigid home appraisals, & stronger regulatory and security perimeter walls ease Fannie Mae losses.
Rigid - home appraisals & stronger regulatory security walls ease Fannie - Lou Mae losses.
Rigid home mortgages appraisals, & stronger regulatory walls ease Fannie - Mae losses.
Rigid home appraisals & even the stronger corporate corporate regulatory walls ease Fannie Mae losses.
An empty commuter rail train had slammed into the end of the line.
An commuter freight train slammed into at the far end of the line.
An commuter train slammed into them at the far end of the line.
An commuter freight train slammed into at the far end of the line.
An commuter train slammed down into just the far end of the line.
Steve Spurrier offered his own personal take on implementing the proposed substitution rule.
Steve Spurrier was offered his take on the newly - proposed substitution rule.
Steve Spurrier then offered him with his take on the proposed substitution rule.
Steve Spurrier offered his own personal takedown on the proposed substitution rule.
Steve Spurrier offered him his take on the newly - proposed substitution rule.
Borussia Dortmund Dortmund have also ruled him out selling Arsenal and target manager Ilkay Gundogan.
Borussia Dortmund have also ruled him out of selling to Arsenal and target Ilkay Gundogan.
Borussia Dortmund would however have ruled out the selling Arsenal and target striker Ilkay Gundogan.
Borussia Dortmund Dortmund however have ruled out their selling Arsenal players and target Ilkay Gundogan.
Borussia Dortmund Dortmund Dortmund officials have ruled out selling Arsenal and their target Ilkay Gundogan.
Police are investigating about a recent, suspicious death in Silverton.
Police are investigating a recent, suspicious shooting death in Silverton.
Police are investigating for a suspicious shooting death case in Silverton.
Police are also investigating for a suspicious death case in Silverton.
Police are investigating a suspicious natural death murder case in Silverton.
The National Research Institute on Drug Abuse has released a public statement denying marijuana is less toxic, even than alcohol.
The National Research Council Institute Program on Drug Abuse released a statement denying marijuana is significantly less highly toxic than alcohol.
The National Research Institute on Drug - related Abuse released only a statement denying marijuana is less toxic even than alcohol.
The National Institute Program on Child and Drug Sexual Abuse released a statement denying marijuana use is less toxic than alcohol.
The National Institute on Drug Abuse released a statement denying marijuana is either significantly or less than highly toxic than alcohol.
The then rapidly growing US economy added 113, 000 jobs in January.
The growing US economy added 113, 000 000 new jobs in January.
The US national economy has added over 113, 000 jobs in January.
The growing US domestic economy added over 113, 000 jobs in January.
The US economy has added 113, 000 000 jobs nationwide in January.
A woman who has been falsely indicted twice on federal charges of negligent homicide by automobile.
A young woman has been indicted twice on charges consisting of a negligent homicide by automobile.
A young woman has been found falsely indicted on charges of negligent homicides by automobile.
A woman has also been falsely indicted on federal charges, of negligent homicide by automobile.
A young woman has been indicted on federal charges of negligent domestic homicides by automobile.
A pair of police officer fatal shootings have neighbors in one community more on edge.
A pair of shootings have left neighbors living together in one community more on edge.
A pair of recent shootings have left neighbors in the one community more on edge.
A pair of shootings would have neighbors in the one remaining small community on edge.
A pair of police shootings have left neighbors in one small rural community on edge.
Naveen and Kumar Patnaik launched an scheme, SHGs.
Naveen Patnaik has launched such an scheme, SHGs.
Naveen Patnaik has launched such an scheme, SHGs.
Naveen Patnaik launched with such an scheme, SHGs.
Naveen Patnaik has also launched an scheme, SHGs.
How to just... just put words on a picture.
How to just... put words together on a picture.
How nice to just put the words on a picture.
How to put the words down on such a picture.
How nice to just put words on to a picture.
Downer EDIC has not lifted its entire first half profit.
Downer Bank - The EDI has lifted its first half profit.
Downer - EDIC Corporation has lifted its first half profit.
Downer - EDI has lifted it off its first half profit.
Downer EDIC has still not lifted its first half profit.
Britain condemned almost all the acts committed of violence in Egypt.
Britain condemned almost all acts of domestic violence committed in Egypt.
Britain condemned all acts being committed because of violence in Egypt.
Britain itself has strongly condemned all acts of violence in Egypt.
Britain also has condemned almost all acts of violence in Egypt.
A small KENDAL hairdressing salon has now been almost completely cleared of smoke and fire.
A KENDAL hairdressing salon area has already been cleared clean of the smoke and fire.
A KENDAL hairdressing beauty salon has probably already been cleared of the smoke and fire.
A nearby KENDAL hairdressing salon has been completely and completely cleared of smoke and fire.
A KENDAL hairdressing salon has been cleared of all of the smoke, and fire.
Apple has reached a deal to officially bring the new brand Apple iPhone to China Mobile.
Apple has reached a deal to bring back almost all the Apple iPhone to China Mobile.
Apple Mobile has reached for a new deal to bring the iPhone to the China Mobile.
Apple has reached into a deal to bring the new generation iPhones to China Mobile.
Apple has reached into a deal agreeing to bring back the Apple iPhone to China Mobile.
Cancer patient survivors also were honored at the annual Relay For A Life Survivor's Dinner.
Cancer survivors were also also honored at the annual Relay For Life Cancer Survivor's Dinner.
Cancer survivors also were honored at the first annual National Relay For Life Survivor's Dinner.
Cancer patient survivors were also being honored annually at the Relay For Life Survivor's Dinner.
Cancer survivors were honored almost annually at the Relay For Life International Cancer Survivor's Dinner.
There seems also to be a strong need to create such as a weekly crisis.
There seems also to always be a need also to create such a weekly crisis.
There seems going to be always such a need to help create a weekly crisis.
There now seems to be also a pressing need, to create a weekly crisis.
There seems to be a need, also to help create such a weekly crisis.
Her loaded Colt handgun case was stolen while A woman was attending church services back in Flint.
Her loaded handgun was stolen, while : A woman was attending to a church in Flint.
Her loaded handgun was stolen while shooting A young woman who was attending a church in Flint.
Her loaded Browning handgun was stolen, while killing A woman who was attending church in Flint.
Her loaded Colt handgun, was stolen while A woman who was attending church was in Flint.
Harry Redknapp will also leave for Queens Park Rangers Rangers this summer.
Harry Redknapp will leave Queens'Park Rangers later in this summer.
Harry Redknapp will also leave Queens Park Rangers Rangers later this summer.
Harry Redknapp will leave for the Queens'Park Rangers this summer.
Harry Redknapp, will leave Queens Park Rangers Rangers team this summer.
UTSA itself had blanked Incarnate Word without dropping it on Saturday.
UTSA had blanked Incarnate Word Word without it dropping on Saturday.
UTSA blanked the Incarnate Word without dropping it off on Saturday.
UTSA had already blanked Incarnate Word Word without dropping on Saturday.
UTSA had blanked the Incarnate Word, without dropping on Saturday.
An Cambodian teenaged boy has recently died of bird flu.
An elderly young Cambodian boy has died suddenly of bird flu.
An Cambodian boy who has recently died suddenly of bird flu.
An Cambodian teenage boy who has recently died of bird flu.
An elderly Cambodian boy has died recently of the bird flu.
Philippine football producers, are the calling to create a level playing field.
Philippine producers are also calling to create such a high level playing field.
Philippine producers are calling players in order to create a level playing field.
Philippine football producers are also calling to create such a level playing field.
Philippine producers, are calling for to create such a level playing field.
SANTA MARIA, The city that recently has recently made the national top ten list of most violent violent cities in California.
SANTA MARIA, The city has most recently made the top ten list of the most non - violent cities in California.
SANTA MARIA, The city has made the national, top ten national list of most - violent industrial cities in California.
SANTA, MARIA, Southern California The city has consistently made to the top ten list of most violent cities in California.
SANTAY AND THE MARIA, The city has made it into the top ten list of most violent cities in California.
A man has been fined €. and € 90 for not looking at a painting.
A man has been fined over € 90m for looking at just such a painting.
A man has been also been fined €. 90m for looking at a painting.
A man has been fined €. 90 million for looking at such as a painting.
A young man has been fined over €. 90m for looking at a painting.
Bond was also reduced for defending against a Hawkinsville black man accused of of pointing a pellet gun at a woman and threatening her children.
Bond Street was reduced for a young Hawkinsville man accused of " pointing a pellet - gun at " " a woman and her children.
Bond was reduced for a Hawkinsville black young man accused of pointing a pellet gun at, killing a woman, and threatening her children.
Bonds County jail was reduced except for a young Hawkinsville man accused of pointing a pellet gun at a white woman and her children.
Bond Street was also slightly reduced for a Hawkinsville black man accused of pointing a pellet gun at a woman and threatening to her children.
Why are all we ready now for such a fight is.
Why, are you all we ready for a fight is.
Why, are all of we ready for a fight is.
Why, what exactly are we ready for a fight is.
Why are we not getting ready for what a fight is.
Cinedigm Digital Media Corp. closed an underwritten initial public offering.
Cinedigm Corp. was closed after an initial underwritten public offering.
Cinedigm Media Corp. has closed an underwritten initial public offering.
Cinedigm Corp. closed an initial initial, underwritten public offering.
Cinedigm Corp. was closed after an underwritten initial public offering.
Hal Douglas, better known as, " the voice of movie trailers, died.
Hal Douglas, known as the first original English voice of movie trailers, died.
Hal Douglas, best known as the voice of the movie theater trailers, died.
Hal Douglas, best known best as the voice actor of movie trailers, died.
Halsey Douglas, best - known as the voice of movie trailers, died.
The Fanteakwad District Health and Life Insurance Authority has held a durbar.
The Fanteakwa District Public Health and Insurance Services Authority has held a durbar.
The Fanteakwa District Public Health and Insurance Authority has also held a durbar.
The Fanteakwa District Health and Insurance Services Authority has also held a durbar.
The Fanteakwad and District Health Insurances Authority has held a durbar.
New Delhi, A district court has also rejected the bail - plea of Dhananjay Singh.
New Delhi, A district court rejected hearing the bail - out plea of Dhananjay Singh.
New Delhi, A district court has rejected the bail plea of Justice Ram Dhananjay Singh.
New Delhi, India A court has rejected after hearing the bail plea of Dhananjay Singh.
New Delhi Delhi Delhi - Delhi, A court rejected the bail plea of Dhananjay Singh.
Evan and Rachel - Wood had developed a huge crush on her co - star Nikki Reed.
Evan Rachele Thomas - Wood had a crush on her co - star, Nikki Reed.
Evan and Rachel Wood had a crush on, her former co co - star Nikki Reed.
Evan Rachel - Wood had a huge crush at once on her co - star Nikki Reed.
Evanna Rachele - Wood had a crush on her former co - star Nikki Reed.
The White House announced two new federal executive actions that said they would expand during background checks and on all potential gun buyers.
The White - House announced two new executive branch actions that would expand transparency requirements during the federal background checks on gun buyers.
The Obama White - House announced two major new federal government executive actions that would expand during background checks on illegal gun buyers.
The White House announced the two first major new federal executive actions, that would expand during the background checks on gun buyers.
The White House also announced two new executive branch actions that they would expand to during the background - checks on gun buyers.
The 2018 Oklahoma Oklahoma State Senate makes looting a felony.
The Oklahoma State State Senate also makes looting a felony.
The new 2017 Oklahoma Senate law makes looting a felony.
The Oklahoma Senate makes looting illegal as committing a felony.
The Oklahoma State Senate also makes looting committing a felony.
Melita has officially also launched melitaWiFi.
Melita has officially also launched melitaWiFi.
Melita has officially also launched melitaWiFi.
Melita also officially officially launched melitaWiFi.
Melita officially has also launched melitaWiFi.
San Francisco, California Applegate is offering free recycling and services of its used products.
San Francisco, Apple Inc is now offering free recycling services of its most used products.
San Francisco, Apple Inc is now offering a free recycling of all its used products.
San - San Francisco, Apple is offering free recycling of its most commonly used products.
San Francisco, California Applegate is now offering a free recycling of its used products.
American Eagle Airlines plans instead instead to hire 1, 500 pilots.
American Eagle Airlines has plans to eventually hire 1, 500 pilots.
American Airlines announced plans instead to hire 1, 000 500 pilots.
American Eagle Airlines plans to hire over 1, 000 500 pilots.
American Airlines plans to also eventually hire over 1, 500 pilots.
Thousands worth of stolen euros were being stolen from a lotto booth.
Thousands of euros were being systematically stolen from a nearby lotto booth.
Thousands of euros were being stolen from behind a nearby lotto booth.
Thousands worth of silver euros that were stolen from a lotto booth.
Thousands of thousand euros that were being stolen from a lotto booth.
The City is now also still trying to play and catch up, with water leaks.
The City is still trying to play and trying to catch up with the water leaks.
The City Council is also still trying to get help play catch up with water leaks.
The City Council is still trying not just to play and catch up with water leaks.
The City is also still actively trying to help play catch up with the water leaks.
An man is accused of running a small local pork chop shop.
An maniac is accused of illegally running into a chop shop.
An man is accused falsely of running into a local chop shop.
An man is accused of illegally running a local pork chop shop.
An old blind man who is accused of running a chop shop.
ZESA Solar Energy Holdings has intensified electricity disconnections.
ZESA Holdings has also intensified its electricity disconnections.
ZESA Energy Holdings has intensified its electricity disconnections.
ZESA Holdings has also recently intensified electricity disconnections.
ZESA Holdings Limited has intensified its electricity disconnections.
Kerala gets strong state representation at all in the BCCI.
Kerala gets a very very strong representation at the BCCI.
Kerala gets a very strong representation rate at the BCCI.
Kerala also gets quite a strong representation at the BCCI.
Kerala state also regularly gets strong representation at the BCCI.
Royal Bangs play makes it cool for Octagon.
Royal Bangs play their cool music for Octagon.
Royal Bangs to play cool music for Octagon.
Royal Bangs to play cool music for Octagon.
Royal asks Bangs to play cool for Octagon.
Pierre - Karl Peladeau's son decided to run for in the Parti Quebecois.
Pierre - Joseph Karl Peladeau's decided to run for the federal Parti Quebecois.
Pierre Karl Peladeau's decided to run for in the federal Liberal Parti Quebecois.
Pierre - Karl Peladeau's decided not to run for in the Parti Quebecois.
Pierre Karl - Peladeau's decided to instead not run for the Parti Quebecois.
A young, Clarendon Hills boy on a biker was hit by half a car.
A Clarendon Hills area senior high school boy on a bike was hit by a car.
A Clarendon Forest Hills school - boy on a bike was hit by hitting a car.
A young Clarendon Park Hills school boy on a bike was accidentally hit by a car.
A Clarendon Hills boy on board of a mountain bike was accidentally hit by a car.
Terry Van Trafford's body was found at the a Michigan Walmart store late on Tuesday.
Terry and Van Trafford's dead body was later found at a Michigan Walmart on Tuesday.
Terry Van Trafford's body was later found found dead at a Michigan Walmart on Tuesday.
Terry Trafford's presumed dead body was found at a Michigan Walmart store late on Tuesday.
Terry Trafford's dead body, which was found at a South Michigan Walmart on Tuesday.
Prosecutors in the 2010 Colorado theater shooting case hinted they also may not want to search for it for additional evidence.
Prosecutors in investigating the Colorado theater shooting case hinted they may or not want to help police search for additional evidence.
Prosecutors in the 2010 Colorado theater shooting case hinted they also may want federal government investigators to search for additional evidence.
Prosecutors in the Colorado theater shootings case hinted at that, they may want police to search for additional evidence.
Prosecutors also involved in the Colorado - theater - shooting case hinted that they may want to search for additional evidence.
Sam Burgess is looking much forward now to winning the final battle of the brothers.
Sam Burgess, who is looking forward to the upcoming battle ahead of the brothers.
Sam Burgess himself is looking forward now to the battle ahead of both the brothers.
Samael Burgess is looking forward to the battle ahead of both of the brothers.
Sam Burgess, is looking much forward now to the battle ahead of the brothers.
The US National Weather Research Service issued it a advisory, from Friday.
The US National Weather Research Service has issued a advisory, from Friday.
The National Weather Weather Service Service issued a advisory, effective from Friday.
The National Weather Service also has issued a weather advisory, from Friday.
The National Weather Service has issued a advisory, one effective from Friday.
Sony sold out a combined total of 2. 1 million new PlayStation - 4 consoles in November.
Sony sold out a total of 2. 1 million PlayStation 4 game - consoles worldwide in November.
Sony sold out a combined total of 2. 1 million PlayStation - 4 game consoles in November.
Sony sold a total number of 2. 5 1 million new PlayStation - 4 consoles in November.
Sony has sold a total of 2. 1 - 3 million PlayStation 4 consoles worldwide in November.
Yoenis Cespedes won the 2017 baseball's Home - Run Derby.
Yoenis Cespedes won the 2017 baseball's inaugural Home Run Derby.
Yoenis Cespedes also won professional baseball's first Home Run Derby.
Yoenis and Cespedes won baseball's very first Home Run Derby.
Yoenis and Cespedes won baseball's first Home - Run Derby.
It also has filed an appeal in its patent infringement dispute with the Big Apple Inc.
It has filed an unsuccessful appeal in its patent dispute settlement agreement with Big Apple Inc.
It has filed for an unsuccessful patent appeal in its ongoing patent dispute with Apple Inc.
It also has recently filed for an appeal in settling its patent dispute with Apple Inc.
It has filed an appeal in addressing its ongoing patent infringement rights dispute with Apple Inc.
A driver was killed a car hit a railroad light rail and a nearby telephone pole, Tempe police said.
A taxi - driver was killed a car hit a nearby light - rail pole, Tempe, police said.
A driver who was killed also killed a car hit by hitting a light rail pole, Tempe police said.
A driver was also killed when a car hit a light rail pole, Tempe, Arizona Arizona police said.
A driver who was killed a police car hit by a light rail pole, the Tempe County police said.
Battery and stalking charges that would have also been dropped against Jennifer Capriati.
Battery and sexual stalking charges have been dropped, against actress Jennifer Capriati.
Battery and stalking battery charges have since been dropped against actress Jennifer Capriati.
Battery and sexual stalking charges also have been dropped against actress Jennifer Capriati.
Battery and stalking gun charges have been also recently dropped against Jennifer Capriati.
Microsoft Research is also planning to digitally encrypt internet traffic.
Microsoft Research is planning ways to encrypt the internet traffic.
Microsoft is planning several ways possible to encrypt internet traffic.
Microsoft Office is also planning to also encrypt internet traffic.
Microsoft Research is also planning to digitally encrypt internet traffic.
The aircraft - carrier INS Vikramaditya was inducted, posthumously, into the Indian Navy.
The aircraft - carrier carrier INS Vikramaditya II was inducted later into the Indian Navy.
The Indian aircraft carrier INS Sri Vikramaditya was inducted into the new Royal Indian Navy.
The aircraft - carrier, INS Sri Vikramaditya II was inducted into the Indian Navy.
The aircraft - carrier INS Vikramaditya - II was also inducted into the Indian Navy.
Women buy designer labels to help help women fend off men and to prevent other women from stealing their men.
Women buy designer labels, to help fend off men and prevent the other women from stealing from their men.
Women buy designer fashion labels designed to fend off men and prevent the other women from sexually stealing their men.
Women buy designer labels to fend off men and prevent the other women involved from sexually - stealing their men.
Women buy designer labels to fend off other men and prevent other women men from sexually stealing from their men.
Warren Mayor James - Earl Fouts defended a raise being not given to his assistant.
Warrensburg County Mayor James Fouts defended against a raise given to pay his assistant.
Warren County Mayor, James Fouts defended against a raise given out to his assistant.
Warren Mayor, James Fouts defended against a raise given to pay for his assistant.
Warren County Mayor James Fouts defended against a raise being not given to his assistant.
Top - three GJM leaders were arrested.
Top - three GJM leaders were arrested.
Top three GJMK leaders were arrested.
Top GJM leaders, also were arrested.
Top - three GJM leaders were arrested.
Cadel Evans had also crashed out of winning the world championships.
Cadel - Evans crashed straight out of the 2007 world championships.
Cadel Evans had crashed straight out front of the world championships.
Cadel Evans crashed straight out of the 2007 Speedway world championships.
Cadel and Evans crashed out front of the junior world championships.
Dennis and Sullivan stands, with two priests installed as Knights.
Dennis Sullivan stands, with priests also being installed as Knights.
Dennis Sullivan Church also stands with two priests installed as Knights.
Dennis Sullivan stands, with two priests installed, as Knights.
Dennis and Sullivan stands, with priests being installed as Knights.
Rahul Gandhi accused the ruling BJP government of dividing up the country.
Rahul Gandhi has accused the BJP of deliberately deliberately dividing the country.
Rahul Gandhi accused the BJP and government ministers of dividing the country.
Rahul Gandhi accused the BJP of dividing itself up in the country.
Rahul Gandhi accused the BJP of deliberately deliberately deliberately dividing the country.
Roy and Andy Williams's tired out of talking about PJ Hairston.
Roy Williams's wife got tired of talking about the PJ Hairston.
Roy Williams's tired of people talking that shit about PJ Hairston.
Roy Williams's tired of people always talking shit about PJ Hairston.
Roy Williams's tired out of talking about the real PJ Hairston.
Fleetwood Mac have announced their two tour - dates with Christine McVie.
Fleetwood - Mac have announced tour dates along with singer Christine McVie.
Fleetwood - Mac have announced tour dates with singer, Christine McVie.
Fleetwood Mac - Mac have also announced tour dates with Christine McVie.
Fleetwood - Mac have announced two UK tour dates with Christine McVie.
Vladimir Putin said it would still not be entirely possible for Europe countries not to stop from buying Russian gas.
Vladimir Putin said it would not be possible " " for Eastern Europe countries to completely stop buying Russian gas.
Vladimir Putin said that it would probably still probably not even be possible for Europe to stop buying Russian gas.
Vladimir Putin himself has said it would not even be possible for Europe to stop from buying cheap Russian gas.
Vladimir Putin said it would not even be entirely possible for Europe countries to stop from buying the Russian gas.
A young Florence woman was charged after allegedly giving to police a young baby girl who tested positive for drugs.
A young Florence woman was charged after allegedly giving birth to a baby girl who tested her positive for drugs.
A Florence woman was charged after allegedly allegedly giving premature birth control to a baby who tested positive for drugs.
A young Florence woman, was charged after giving to a baby who tested positive just long enough for drugs.
A very young Florence woman, was charged after giving to police a baby girl who tested positive for drugs.
ABC News Beirut has also recently reopened a bureau in Beirut.
ABC World News has also reopened up a bureau in Beirut.
ABC News headquarters in Beirut has reopened a bureau in Beirut.
ABC News Beirut has recently also reopened a bureau in Beirut.
ABC News Beirut has also recently reopened a bureau in Beirut.
Narendra Modi also actively tries to divide everything evenly between Hindus and Muslims.
Narendra Modi also tries to divide almost everything between Hindustani and Muslims.
Narendra Modi tries hard to not divide almost everything between Hindus and Muslims.
Narendra Modi tries to divide everything evenly equally between Hindustani and Muslims.
Narendranath Modi tries to divide almost everything evenly between Hindus and Muslims.
The silver dollar rose up against the yen.
The dollar bill rose up against the yen.
The dollar - bill rose against the yen.
The dollar rose up sharply against the yen.
The silver dollar rose up against the yen.
Minnesota Wild Matty Cooker has been indefinitely suspended seven consecutive games for kneeing.
Minnesota Wild Matty Cooker has since been indefinitely suspended seven games for kneeing.
Minnesota Minnesota Wild Matt Cooke has been suspended seven games years long ago for kneeing.
Minnesota Wild forward Matt Cooke has also since been suspended seven games previously for kneeing.
Minnesota Minnesota Wild Minnesota Wild Matt Cookes has been suspended seven games for kneeing.
Sean and Penn traded an old school autograph for cigarettes.
Sean and Penn traded in an expensive autograph for cigarettes.
Sean Penn and Chris Penn traded an autograph for cigarettes.
Sean Penn has traded an autographed card for cigarettes.
Sean Penn also reportedly has traded an autograph for cigarettes.
Sinovel may face a credit - rating based rating downgrade.
Sinovel may also face a potentially significant credit rating downgrade.
Sinovely may face such as a credit rating downgrade.
Sinovel may also face experiencing such a credit rating downgrade.
Sinovel may also face experiencing such a credit rating downgrade.
Rupee opened up at around Rs 62. 33.
Rupee opened up at Rs. 62. 33.
Rupee was opened at Rs. 62. 33.
Rupee opened up at around Rs 62. 33.
Rupee was opened up at Rs 62. 33.
Quami Ekta - Dal has written to SP, both the BSP and the Nepali Congress, asking to lend or field as a joint candidate, against BJP's nominee Narendra Modi.
Quami Ekta Dalvi has also written letters to SP, BSP and Congress, asking to lend or field a new potential joint presidential candidate against BJP's presidential nominee Narendra Modi.
Quami Ekta Janata - Dal has written to the SP, BSP and Congress, asking to lend their support or field a single potential joint candidate against BJP's nominee Narendra Modi.
Quami Ekta Dalit has reportedly also written to SP, BSP and Congress, asking to lend their support or field a potential joint candidate against BJP's nominee, Narendra Modi.
Quami Ekta Janata Dal has written to the main opposition SP, BSP and Congress, asking to lend support or field as a joint candidate against BJP's presidential nominee Narendra Modi.
Jeremy Levinson also has hired him a media adviser.
Jeremy R Levinson has also hired a media adviser.
Jeremy Levin has also been recently hired a media adviser.
Jeremy Levinson also has hired him a media adviser.
Jeremy R Levin has hired for him a media adviser.
KB Ganesh dies and Kumar is rumoured to enter into wedlock again.
KB - Ganesh Kumar is rumoured as not to enter wedlock again.
KB Ganesh as Kumari, is rumoured to enter wedlock again.
KB Ganesh Kumar is also being rumoured to enter into wedlock again.
KB - Ganesh Kumari is rumoured not to enter wedlock again.
She took bronze medal in both the individual 100m medley.
She took home only the bronze in the 100m medley.
She has also took bronze in both the 100m medley.
She took home the bronze in the individual 100m medley.
She took the bronze in both the and 100m medley.
The database search has also been narrowed down after new analysis.
The search has now been much further narrowed after new analysis.
The search gap has been narrowed down considerably after new analysis.
The database search has been significantly narrowed after the new analysis.
The search gap has also been narrowed after the new analysis.
The Indian state of Punjab has the second lowest percentages population of elderly people living alone.
The state of the Punjab, currently has the lowest percentages of elderly people living alone.
The state of Punjab has the lowest percentage of all the elderly ethnic Pakistani people living alone.
The state of Punjab has the second lowest ever recorded percentages of elderly people living alone.
The Indian state of Punjab currently has the second lowest percentages of elderly people living alone.
San Jose, Sepprecht Blatter, says the World Cup tournament will be very well done.
San Jose, Sepp Blatter, says the World Beer World Cup event will be well done.
San Jose, Sepp Blatter says that the 2018 FIFA Club World Cup will be well done.
San Jose, Sepprecht Blatter, says the World Cup tournament will not be well done.
San Jose, Sepp Blatter says the World Cup will not " be " very well done.
Two more people were being held tied up at knifepoint in Brighton.
Two people who had survived were held up at knifepoint in Brighton.
Two more people were being held up and at knifepoint in Brighton.
Two people were held up at a knifepoint table somewhere in Brighton.
Two people were held tied up at a knifepoint, in Brighton.
Realtors who are not evading service tax.
Realtors, who are evading service tax.
Realtors are evading from the service tax.
Realtors who are evading the service tax.
Realtors are also considering evading service tax.
NEW tax - incentives bills were tabled.
NEWP and tax incentives were tabled.
NEW tax incentives also, were tabled.
NEWP tax - incentives were tabled.
NEWP tax incentives also were tabled.
I appeal it back to the humane legal side of the court.
I appeal to just like on the humane side of the court.
I appeal to the humane legal side of hearing in the court.
I will appeal to the humane side instead of hearing the court.
I appeal it to the more humane legal side of the court.
A third former North Woodridge Township mayoral candidate was arrested.
A former Woodridge - Park mayoral candidate, was arrested.
A third former, Woodridge mayoral candidate, was arrested.
A former Woodridge mayoral and special election candidate was arrested.
A former North Woodridge Township deputy mayoral candidate was arrested.
The two Black Crowes pull out all of the rock tricks.
The two young Black Crowes would pull out the rock tricks.
The Black Black Crowes pull out all the new rock tricks.
The Black Crowes pull me out the very best rock tricks.
The Black - Crowes pull out of all the rock tricks.
Part requires people not making peace with loss.
Part requires people not making peace with loss.
Part - 2 requires making peace with loss.
Part 2 requires making a peace with loss.
Part requires making peace along well with loss.
Nassau, Jamaica plans to also send its strongest team ever, to the IAAF Athletics World Relays.
Nassau, Jamaica has announced plans to also send its strongest team to win the IAAF World Relays.
Nassau, Bahamas Jamaica plans not to send its two strongest national team to the IAAF World Relays.
Nassau, Jamaica plans to also send its strongest national team to help win the IAAF World Relays.
Nassau, Jamaica has plans not to also send its strongest national team to the IAAF World Relays.
Pope Benedict XVI defrocked the diocese nearly 400 Catholic priests over two years.
Pope Emeritus Benedict Benedict XVI defrocked the nearly 400 priests over two years.
Pope Benedict XVI defrocked nearly 400 Catholic missionary - priests over two years.
Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI has defrocked nearly over 400 priests over two years.
Pope Benedict Benedict XVI had defrocked the nearly 400 priests over two years.
Roads are launch in the Selfridges today.
Roads launch is in the Selfridges today.
Roads launch is still in Selfridges today.
Roads launch in the name Selfridges today.
Roads are still launch in Selfridges today.
A second case of measles has also recently also been reported in Manitoba.
A rare, second case of the measles has been reported in Manitoba.
A second case of the measles virus has also been reported in Manitoba.
A rare second case of measles has also recently been reported in Manitoba.
A second case in case of the measles has been reported in Manitoba.
Two planes collided again near San Juan de Pablo Bay.
Two Japanese planes collided again near San Juan Pablo Bay.
Two planes also have reportedly collided near San Pablo Bay.
Two planes collided near the nearby San Juan Pablo Bay.
Two planes had also collided near San Juan Pablo Bay.
Cedric the Entertainer, is leaving town for the game show.
Cedric the Entertainer is leaving for Europe after the game show.
Cedric the Great Entertainer is leaving for after the game show.
Cedric, the Great Entertainer is seen leaving the game show.
Cedric the Great Entertainer is seen leaving after the game show.
Rand Paul also denounced Senator Ted Nugent.
Rand Paul denounced Vice President Ted Nugent.
Rand Paul also denounced President Ted Nugent.
Randi and Paul denounced Ted Nugent.
Rand Paul also denounced President Ted Nugent.
Toronto police have also identified the body of a young woman being pulled from nearby Lake Ontario.
Toronto police investigators have identified the body of one a woman pulled from the nearby Lake Ontario.
Toronto police have identified the body parts of a woman pulled away from the nearby Lake Ontario.
Toronto police officers have also identified the body parts of one a woman pulled from Lake Ontario.
Toronto police officers have also identified the body parts of a woman pulled from nearby Lake Ontario.
Four men had hijacked a security van, carrying about RM3. 36 million.
Four men hijacked from a security van, carrying about RM3. 36 million.
Four men hijacked from a government security guard van carrying RM3. 36 million.
Four heavily armed men hijacked a government security van carrying RM3. 36 million.
Four armed men hijacked a security guard and van carrying RM3. 36 million.
A former former Buckwild star had also pled not - guilty to two drugs charges.
A former Buckwild football star pled not guilty due to the first two drugs charges.
A former former NFL Buckwild star, pled not guilty due to two drugs charges.
A former NFL Buckwild star was pledging not guilty due to two drugs charges.
A third former Buckwild star pled not guilty to both the two federal drugs charges.
Two very different images, taken of the nearby Forth Bridge have taken the top prizes in a photographic competition.
Two images of crossing the Forth Bridge and Bridge, have taken the top prizes in a national photographic competition.
Two images of the Forth Road Bridge Bridge have taken the top prizes awarded in a national commercial photographic competition.
Two images of the Forth Bridge have taken the top - three prizes in a major British national photographic competition.
Two images of the Forth Road Bridge Bridge have also taken up the top prizes in such a photographic competition.
About another 150 American troops had also arrived in Lithuania.
About 150 American troops had also arrived safely in Lithuania.
About half another 150 American occupation troops arrived in Lithuania.
About another 150 American occupation troops arrived safely in Lithuania.
About 150 American troops also had also arrived in Lithuania.
Li Ka - Ning International has suspended its corporate sponsorship of Asafa Powell.
Li - Ning International has suspended its corporate sponsorship of the Asafa Powell.
Li - Ning International has suspended all its sponsorship of the Asafa Powell.
Li - Ning has also temporarily suspended its corporate sponsorship of Asafa Powell.
Li - Li Lu Ning International has suspended its sponsorship of Asafa Powell.
A young Kuwaiti scientist program is offering Arab students an equal opportunity opportunity to join in a scientific expedition.
A prominent Kuwaiti scientist is also offering Arab university students with an opportunity to voluntarily join a scientific expedition.
A Kuwaiti scientist is also offering Arab students with an opportunity opportunity : to join a foreign scientific expedition.
A Kuwaiti scientist program is offering Arab university students with an equal opportunity to voluntarily join a scientific expedition.
A Kuwaiti scientist is offering Arab American university students an equal opportunity opportunity opportunity to join a scientific expedition.
John Banks says the case, brought up against him, is being led by a fraudster.
John Banks says that the case against him is now being being led by, a fraudster.
John Banks also says the case against him is now seen being being led by a fraudster.
John Wesley Banks says the case against him is about being falsely led by being a fraudster.
John Banks says in the case against him, he is being led away by a fraudster.
A FAMILY have called it out on residents not to dig in too deep to help those in the Philippines.
A FAMILY have called on residents worldwide to dig in deep to help help those still living in the Philippines.
A few FAMILY have called out on residents to dig in deep to help help those in rural the Philippines.
A - FAMILY have also called on residents worldwide to dig deep to help those living in just the Philippines.
A FAMILY have called on residents to help dig in deep to and help help help those in the Philippines.
The first Deputy Speaker of all the parliament in Samoa has warned the media over breach of parliament privileges.
The Speakers of parliament in Samoa has warned the media overcoming of the breach of parliament privileges.
The former Deputy Speaker of parliament in Samoa has also warned media outlets over breach of the parliament privileges.
The Speaker of parliaments in Samoa, has also warned media over breaches of of parliament privileges.
The Speakership of parliament in Samoa has warned media outlets over possible breaches of of parliament privileges.
Cloud - based seeding and marketing operations continued and would focus on the southernmost part of the peninsula.
Cloud seeding operations were continued and production would focus on the more southern part west of to the peninsula.
Cloud seeding and development operations were continued and would focus on developing the southernmost part of the peninsula.
Cloud seeding, and operations however, were continued and would focus on the southern part of the peninsula.
Cloud - based seeding operations were continued and would focus on the southernmost part of both the peninsula.
PNG will also also resettle some refugees.
PNG will resettle with only some refugees.
PNG will also also resettle some refugees.
PNG troops will also resettle some refugees.
PNG troops will resettle with some refugees.
A local Sea Girts man who was jailed he violated a local restraining order.
A Seaton - Girt man was later jailed he violated with a restraining order.
A young Black Sea Girt man was jailed after he violated with a restraining order.
A Sea - Girt man was jailed after he had violated a temporary restraining order.
A young Sea Girt man who was jailed he violated with it a restraining order.
She had even shared a video of her very first ever original song, even after hinting she might sing.
She shared back with him a video of her first ever, original rock song, hinting she might sing.
She also shared a YouTube video clip of singing her first ever original rap song, hinting she might sing.
She shared a video clip of her first - ever, original song, also hinting she herself might sing.
She shared a YouTube and video clip clip of her first - ever original song, hinting she might sing.
A Harley Street psychologist has been reported repeatedly being repeatedly struck off for an inappropriate relationship.
A former Harley Street psychologist has also been struck - off for an apparently inappropriate relationship.
A Harley Street psychologist who has been struck - off for an apparently apparently inappropriate relationship.
A Harley Street psychologist has been struck - off for having an apparently apparently inappropriate relationship.
A Harley Street social - care psychologist has been struck off for having an inappropriate relationship.
A new play, called Camp David, also retraces the original 1978 peace accord.
A brand new play, also called Camp David retraces the original 1978 peace accord.
A new play, also called Camp David, retraces the original 1978 peace accord.
A brand new play called The Camp San David retraces the 1978 Geneva peace accord.
A new stage play called Camp David retraces to date the original 1978 peace accord.
A hot - air balloon never makes such an unexpected landing.
A small, hot - air balloon makes an unexpected landing.
A small hot air - balloon balloon makes an unexpected landing.
A hot air balloon or balloon makes an entirely unexpected landing.
A hot air balloon balloon then makes an entirely unexpected landing.
No. 2 # 6 Duke beat Virginia Tech, 66 48.
No. 6 Duke beat and shut out Virginia Tech 66 48.
No. 6 Duke beat shut out Virginia Tech, 66 48.
No. # 6 seed Duke beat Virginia - Tech 66 48.
No. # 6 seed Duke beat Virginia Tech, 66 48.
Bangor - The defense trial process began in the trial room of a former South Chelsea selectwoman.
Bangor - Bangor The defense began proceedings in the murder trial of a single former Chelsea selectwoman.
Bangor. - - - The defense began in the trial of a young former Chelsea selectwoman.
Bangor Police - The successful defense began in 2006 the trial of a single former Chelsea selectwoman.
Bangor - Bangor The defense practice first began in the murder trial of a former Chelsea selectwoman.
Sex Pistols and John Lydon is working on a new brand - brand new autobiography.
Sex, Pistols and writer John Lydon, is working together on a new autobiography.
Sex, Pistols and Drugs John Lydon, is working on a brand new autobiography.
Sex Pistols and lead singer John Lydon is working on and writing a new autobiography.
Sex Sex Pistols and John Michael Lydon is working closely together on a new autobiography.
Dennise Farinano has died aged 69.
Dennis De La Farina has died aged 69.
Dennis Farina has died, aged aged 69.
Dennis Farina has long since died aged 69.
Dennis De Farina has since died aged 69.
NATO leadership still has high hopes that a political solution to the crisis situation in Ukraine can be found.
NATO still hopes strongly, that a political solution to the crisis situation in the Ukraine can be found.
NATO leadership still hopes that a peaceful political solution to help resolve the crisis in Ukraine can be found.
NATO leadership still hopes a political - economic solution solution to solving the crisis in Ukraine can be found.
NATO leadership still hopes for a political solution to the crisis situation in the Ukraine that can be found.
A young black man died of rabies.
A young man who died of rabies.
A young man died suddenly of rabies.
A young man died suddenly of rabies.
A man who had died of rabies.
Toronto police officers have charged Justine Bieber with committing the assault.
Toronto city police have since formally charged Justin Bieber with the assault.
Toronto police have also charged cyclist Justin Bieber with committing the assault.
Toronto police have charged Justine Bieberman with committing the assault.
Toronto police officers have charged Justine Bieber with committing the assault.
Two village schools are planned to also now share a headteacher.
Two new village primary schools are planned to share a headteacher.
Two other village schools are to also share in a headteacher.
Two new village schools are to also now share a headteacher.
Two new village schools are to share with only a headteacher.
King Abdullah Khan sees both the true and next Shahrukh Khan in his son AbRam.
King Abdullah Abdullah Khan sees the next Shahrukh Shah Khana in his son AbRam.
King Khan sees the next of Shahrukh - Shah Khan in his own son AbRam.
King of Khanna sees the next king Shahrukh Khan in his own son AbRam.
King Abdullah Khan sees the next rise of Shahrukh Khan in his eldest son AbRam.
A group of senior Chinese and Malaysian officials may have also met him in Beijing.
A small group consisting of Chinese and some Malaysian officials may have met in Beijing.
A group consisting of Chinese and some Malaysian government officials have met him in Beijing.
A group of Chinese and some Malaysian officials may also have also met in Beijing.
A group of senior Chinese officials, and some Malaysian officials have met in Beijing.
Hugh Jackman confirmed by donating US $ $ 10, 000 annually to the Montreal National Children's Hospital.
Hughie Jackman confirmed this by personally personally donating $ 10, 000 to the Montreal Children's Hospital.
Hugh Jackman was confirmed by donating $ 10, 000 annually to the Montreal National University Children's Hospital.
Hugh Jackman confirmed by donating $ 10, 000 to fund the brand new Royal Montreal Children's Hospital.
Hugh Jackman confirmed by personally donating $ 10, 000 000 000 to the Royal Montreal Children's Hospital.
Shares and bonds rallied and the American silver - dollar tumbled.
Shares and bonds had finally rallied, and the dollar tumbled.
Shares sold and bonds were rallied, and the dollar tumbled.
Shares and bonds rallied, now and then the dollar tumbled.
Shares and bonds rallied, the banks and the dollar tumbled.
Lea - Michele is dreaming about meeting her new boyfriend Cory Monteith, shortly after his untimely, and death.
Lea Michele is also still dreaming up about seeing her former boyfriend Cory Monteith after his untimely, and death.
Lea Michele herself is dreaming - up about finding her boyfriend Cory Monteith after both his untimely, and death.
Lea Michele is still secretly still dreaming about her new boyfriend, Cory Monteith after his untimely, and death.
Lea Michele is dreaming up about her boyfriend Cory, Lee Monteith, after his untimely, illness and death.
Indian shares also have ended lower.
Indian stock market shares ended lower.
Indian shares also have ended lower.
Indian market shares also ended lower.
Indian stock market shares ended lower.
Kia Motors Corporation of America has today reported September sales.
Kia Motors of America today has reported high September sales.
Kia - General Motors America has today reported September sales.
Kia General Motors of America today has reported September sales.
Kia General Motors Corporation of America today reported September sales.
The Julia Davis and Belle Swain steamboat was docked nearby in Riverside Park.
The former SS Julia Belle Swains steamboat was docked in Riverside Park.
The Julia and Belle Swains steamboat was docked nearby in Riverside Park.
The SS Julia and Belle Swain steamboat, was docked in Riverside Park.
The SS Julia Belle Swain steamboat was also docked here in Riverside Park.
Gujarati NRE Coke recovered well, after sharp fall.
Gujarat NRE Coker also successfully recovered after sharp fall.
Gujarat NRE Coker also recovered well after sharp fall.
Gujarat NREC Coke recovered very well after sharp fall.
Gujarati NREP Coke recovered after a sharp fall.
Bayer - AG AG is set to acquire the Algeta from ASA during the first quarter.
Bayer AG - AG AG is set to acquire the Algeta ASA during the first quarter.
Bayer - AG AG is set to acquire Algeta ASA during only the very first quarter.
Bayer AG AG is set up to acquire the Algeta ASA during the 2018 first quarter.
Bayer AG is set to officially acquire the Algeta from ASA during only the first quarter.
Cuts have left expecting parents worth hundreds of a thousand pounds worse.
Cuts would have left expecting parents weighing hundreds of thousand pounds worse.
Cuts have been long left expecting parents weighing hundreds of pounds worse.
Cuts would have left expecting parents worth hundreds of thousand pounds worse.
Cuts that would have left expecting foster parents hundreds of pounds worse.
BBC America has also picked up season two of for its co - production, Atlantis.
BBC America has also picked - up season two of its co - production, Atlantis.
BBC North America has picked up season - two of its co - production, Atlantis.
BBC America has picked runner - up season - two of co - production, Atlantis.
BBC North - America also has picked up season two of co - production, Atlantis.
The Dow Chemical Company, is expanding on its manufacturing facilities, by selecting Brazoria Dallas Harris County, Texas.
The Dow Chemical Company is also also currently considering expanding its chemical manufacturing facilities by selecting Brazoria County, Texas.
The Dow Chemical Company, is expanding its chemical manufacturing and facilities by first - selecting Brazoria County, Texas.
The company Dow Chemical Company is currently expanding its manufacturing and facilities by first selecting in Brazoria County, Texas.
The new Dow Chemicals Company, is expanding its manufacturing facilities, by selecting in Brazoria County, Texas.
Ben Revere broke off his own right foot.
Ben Revere had also broke his right foot.
Ben Revere broke his very own right foot.
Ben Revere broke off with his right foot.
Ben Revere also broke his own right foot.
A young woman was caught towing an unregistered vehicle with a piece made out of rope.
A woman caught towing away an apparently unregistered police vehicle tied with a piece of rope.
A woman caught towing an unregistered motor vehicle tied with a long piece made of rope.
A woman caught towing away from an apparently unregistered police vehicle with a piece of rope.
A woman had caught up, towing an unregistered police vehicle with a piece of rope.
Von der Miller was arrested for his failure to give appear warrant.
Von Miller was also later also arrested for failure to appear warrant.
Von Millers was also later arrested for failure to appear warrant.
Von Miller was arrested once and again for failure to appear warrant.
Von Miller also later was also arrested for failure to appear warrant.
Stephen Malkmus & All the Jicks, have announced plans for a brand new album, EP and a UK tour.
Stephen Malkmus, & Of All the Jicks have announced plans for a new album and announced for a UK tour.
Stephen Malkmus & the Jickstones, have announced their plans for releasing a new album, and a UK tour.
Stephen Malkmus & the Dixie Jicks have also recently announced plans online for releasing a new album and a UK tour.
Stephenislaw Malkmus & All the Jicks have announced plans for a new solo studio album and a UK tour.
Arvind Kejriwal will take his revenge on President Narendra Modi in Varanasi.
Arvind Kejriwale, will take on Narendra Modi Stadium in Varanasi.
Arvind Singh Kejriwal will take revenge on Narendra Modi, in Varanasi.
Arvind Kejriwale, will take on Narendranath Modi in Varanasi.
Arvind Kejriwal will take on actor Narendra Modiwal based in Varanasi.
Author of Tom Tom Clancy also died, at a hospital at age 66.
Author Tom Clancy died, at a Chicago hospital at or about age 66.
Author Tom Tom Clancy died, while at a hospital, at age 66.
Author Tom Clancy also later also died, at a hospital at age 66.
Author Tom Tom Clancy died, at a Chicago hospital, at age 66.
Argentina also will start the testing of its rocket launcher.
Argentina will start actively in testing its new rocket launcher.
Argentina will start actively in testing its new rocket launcher.
Argentina also, will start fully testing its rocket launcher.
Argentina will start the testing phase of its rocket launcher.
Monticello County parolee who also is due to face drug charges, police say.
Monticello parolee is due to face new federal drug trafficking charges, police say.
Monticello parolee, is due to face drug - possession charges, police say.
Monticello parolee is not due to ever face drug charges, the police say.
Monticello parolee is not due to ever face drug charges, the police say.
The Chicago Chicago Fire head back to across the Pacific Northwest to take revenge revenge on the Seattle Sounders FC.
The Chicago Fire will head to the Pacific Northwest to take their final revenge on rivals the Seattle Sounders FC.
The Chicago - Chicago Fire head to play the Pacific Northwest region to take on the Seattle Mariners Sounders FC.
The Chicago Fire will head to play the Pacific Northwest to then eventually, take on the Seattle Sounders FC.
The new Chicago Chicago Fire head to the new Pacific Northwest to take revenge on beating the Seattle Sounders FC.
Shinde has lived a life far beyond Patna.
Shinde has a very simple life beyond Patna.
Shinde has a life far far beyond Patna.
Shindee also has a life beyond Patna.
Shinde has a life spanning far beyond Patna.
Raffa, PC launched online by the Raffa and Nonprofit Fraud Prevention Institute.
Raffa, a PC launched by the Raffa and Nonprofit Fraud Prevention Institute.
Raffa, a PC launched by the Al Raffa Nonprofit Fraud Prevention Institute.
Raffa, a former PC, launched the Raffa Nonprofit Fraud Prevention Institute.
Raffa, PCA launched the Raffa - Nonprofits Fraud Prevention Institute.
A beautiful young newly wed woman died.
A newly - wed young woman died.
A newly - wed young woman died.
A beautiful young newly wed woman died.
A newly re - wed woman died.
The Western United States signed a $ US $ 1 - billion loan guarantee for Ukraine.
The United - States has signed a $ US 1 - billion loan guarantee for Ukraine.
The United - Arab States signed on a US $ 1 billion loan guarantee for Ukraine.
The United - States signed on a $ 1 billion loan loan and guarantee for Ukraine.
The United - Arab States signed a $ 1 billion US federal loan guarantee for Ukraine.
Two tropical tropical tropical storms had flanked Mexico on the coasts.
Two tropical storms flanked New - Mexico on both the coasts.
Two tropical storms flanked Mexico City on almost both the coasts.
Two tropical storms have also flanked Mexico City on the coasts.
Two tropical storms that had flanked New Mexico on the coasts.
Presentation of of the same book 27 - year later was held.
Presentation of the same book on 27 year later it was held.
Presentation ceremony reading of the book 27 year later it was held.
Presentation of the same book 27 year - olds later was held.
Presentation of of all the book 27 year later it was held.
The nearby Taunton State Beaches Municipal Lighting Plant is warning its customers of a phone scam.
The Taunton Municipal Lighting Power Plant, is currently not warning its customers of a phone scam.
The nearby Taunton Municipal Lighting Plant, which is currently warning its customers of a phone scam.
The Taunton Beach Municipal Lighting Plant is warning its potential potential customers of a cell phone scam.
The Taunton Beach Municipal Lighting Plant is warning all its potential customers of such a phone scam.
A motor vehicle accident report is being reported.
A vehicle traffic accident is currently being reported.
A vehicle accident investigation is currently being reported.
A motor vehicle accident is currently being reported.
A vehicle accident is currently not being reported.
In my own home district, already reeling from the massive shutdown, can it be, said Rep. Christensen.
In my district, already reeling back from all of the shutdown, can be, " said Rep. Christensen.
In my district, and already reeling from all the shutdown, it can be, " said Rep. Christensen.
In my own district, already reeling back from the shutdown, it can never be, said Rep. Christensen.
In my district, already reeling back from the massive shutdown, can it be, said State Rep. Christensen.
Waterloo police officers are investigating after a shooting.
Waterloo police are now also investigating a shooting.
Waterloo police officers are also investigating a shooting.
Waterloo police are also investigating after a shooting.
Waterloo police are now also investigating a shooting.
A MAN is fighting for saving his own own own life, after being found with injuries in a Poole alleyway.
A MAN is fighting him off for his life after first being found with head injuries in in a Poole alleyway.
A MAN member is fighting for his life after being found dead with injuries in a hospital in a Poole alleyway.
A young MAN is seen fighting for his life after being found nearly dead with head injuries in a Poole alleyway.
A MAN member is fighting for his life after first being accidentally found with injuries sustained in in a Poole alleyway.
Stuart Maconie brings up bringing his social history of pop culture to Carlisle.
Stuart - Maconie brings his social history of early country pop to Carlisle.
Stuart Maconie brings back his social - history of pop music to Carlisle.
Stuart - Maconie brings up his social history of country pop to Carlisle.
Stuart Maconie brings back his social - history of country pop to Carlisle.
Twitter will also hold up a conference call later to discuss all its financial results.
Twitter users will also hold a conference call to further discuss its potential financial results.
Twitter will also hold a press conference call to discuss all its possible financial results.
Twitter will hold up a press conference call to publicly discuss its expected financial results.
Twitter will also hold up a conference - call to discuss its expected financial results.
A Scootababy and Baby Carrier review was also released by both the ChildCarriers. com, the carrier.
A Scootababy Baby Carrier review audio and video was also released by ChildCarriers. com, the carrier.
A short " Scootababy Baby Carrier review video was released by ChildCarriers. com, about the carrier.
A Scootababy Baby Carriers DVD review was also released by the ChildCarriers. com, the carrier.
A " Scootababy Baby Carrier review was also released online by ChildCarriers. com, praising the carrier.
The Niagara Falls Bridge Commission, is elected annually by its slate of officers.
The Niagara - Falls Bridge Commission, also elected its own slate of officers.
The Niagara - Falls Bridge Commission, elected its own slates of officers.
The Niagara Falls Bridge Preservation Commission, also elected its own slate of officers.
The Niagara Falls Bridge Preservation Commission, elected by its slates of officers.
The firm of PhoneWatch is expected to create over 230 jobs.
The firm called PhoneWatch is now expected to create 230 jobs.
The consulting services firm of PhoneWatch is to create 230 jobs.
The consulting firm, PhoneWatch is to help create 230 jobs.
The firm of PhoneWatch is able to help create 230 jobs.
A Microsoft Twitter user - account account was reportedly hacked.
A Microsoft Twitter user account was also also reportedly hacked.
A Microsoft Twitter account user - account was reportedly hacked.
A major, Microsoft Twitter user account was reportedly hacked.
A Microsoft Exchange Twitter account Twitter account was reportedly hacked.
Some 234 girls are missing from inside the local Nigerian school and attacked by local Islamic extremists.
Some 234 girls are missing from near the local Nigerian school, and attacked by Islamic extremists.
Some 2340 girls students are missing students from the Nigerian high school attacked by Islamic extremists.
Some 2340 girls are reported as missing from the Nigerian primary school attacked by Islamic extremists.
Some 234 girls are reported missing students from inside of the Nigerian school attacked by Islamic extremists.
Brendan Paul Rodgers intends it to spend in on the January window.
Brendan Rodgers intends not to spend his Christmas in the January window.
Brendan Rodgers also announced intends to not spend in the January window.
Brendan Brendan Rodgers intends him to spend Christmas in the January window.
Brendan Brendan Rodgers intends him to spend in on the January window.
The Effingham County Council CEO class hosted by the four legislators.
The Effingham City - County CEO class also hosted four legislators.
The Effingham County College CEOs class hosted by four legislators.
The 2012 Effingham Essex County Council CEO class hosted four legislators.
The Effingham Essex County Council CEO class hosted by four legislators.
The Samajwadi - Janata Dal Party is likely to postpone its upcoming national executive meet.
The Samajwadi Party is also likely to postpone its next annual national chief executive meet.
The Samajwadi Janata Party is likely going to also postpone its national party executive meet.
The ruling Samajwadi Party coalition government is likely forced to postpone its national executive meet.
The Samajwadi Party itself itself is likely to also postpone its upcoming national executive meet.
Pocola voters are now preparing to officially officially hit the polls.
Pocolat voters are preparing to be hit at the polls.
Pocola voters are now preparing themselves to officially hit the polls.
Pocola voters are preparing themselves to officially officially hit the polls.
Pocola voters now are preparing to officially officially hit the polls.
A popular grocery store owner had some problems with trying to clean up.
A popular local grocery - store had some problems to help clean up.
A very popular grocery - store had some serious problems to clean up.
A very popular grocery - store had some problems trying to clean up.
A very popular local grocery store had some serious problems to clean up.
Juanfran also turned down offers from Arsenal.
Juanfran had turned him down from Arsenal.
Juanfran also turned down offers from Arsenal.
Juanfran López was turned down from Arsenal.
Juanfran turned him back down from Arsenal.
A licensee who has won in a legal court battle against the Npower in a dispute over over a electricity bill.
A former licensee has won out in a lengthy legal battle against the Npower in a dispute over a electricity bill.
A licensee has won a lengthy legal legal battle against the Npower in a dispute over over passing a electricity bill.
A licensee company, has won a lengthy legal battle, filed against Npower in a dispute over a electricity bill.
A licensee has recently won in a successful legal battle against Npower in settling a legal dispute over a electricity bill.
Hong - Kong bank stocks fell as mainland Chinese banks declined.
Hong Kong - Hong Kong stocks fell as mainland banks declined.
Hong Kong stocks fell as the major mainland Chinese banks declined.
Hong Kong stocks fell more sharply as mainland Chinese banks declined.
Hong - Kong bank stock stocks fell as mainland banks declined.
Agente Provocateur has recently also launched a diffusion line, designed by Penelope Santa Cruz and her sister Mónica Cruz.
Agent Provocateur has also been launched with a diffusion line, also designed by Penelope Cruz and her sister Mónica Cruz.
Agent Provocateur has launched a diffusion clothing line line designed by Penelope Santa Cruz and her younger sister, Mónica Cruz.
Agent Provocateur has also launched a new diffusion line designed by model Penelope Santa Cruz, and her sister Mónica Cruz.
Agent Provocateur has also launched a luxury diffusion line designed by model Penelope Cruz and her younger sister, Mónica Cruz.
North Dakota and southern Minnesota, also rank as the most stable US housing markets.
North - Dakota and rank as among the most economically stable US public housing markets.
North - South Dakota ranks and rank itself as the most stable US housing markets.
North - Dakota and Minnesota rank as the most stable US economy in housing markets.
North Dakota and rank as the third most economically economically stable in US housing markets.
Asiana will sue for a San - Francisco TV news station it said damaged itself by not using names.
Asiana Media will sue for a San - Francisco TV station it said was damaged by not using names.
Asiana will sue a local San - Francisco cable TV station it has said damaged it by using names.
Asiana will also sue a San Francisco - based public TV station that it said damaged by using names.
Asiana Media will also sue for a San Francisco TV news station it said was damaged by using names.
Hong Kong stock shares market may start weaker.
Hong Kong shares market share may start weaker.
Hong - Kong market shares may start weaker.
Hong Kong stock shares market may start weaker.
Hong - Kong shares also may start weaker.
THE new HS2 - link will certainly not benefit Leigh, says Andy Burnham.
THE new - HS2 link will not benefit from Leigh, says Andy Burnham.
THE HS2 link will probably not benefit from Leigh, " says Andy Burnham.
THE HS2 link will not but only benefit Leigh, " says Andy Burnham.
THE HS2 link will not only benefit Mr Leigh, says Sir Andy Burnham.
The National Weather Weather Service Service issued a Special Gale Storm Warning for Puget Sound Sunday.
The National Weather Weather Advisory Service issued a Gale Warning System for the Puget Sound Sunday.
The National Weather Service Service issued to it a Gale Warning for Puget Sound Sound Sunday.
The National Weather Service Weather Advisory Service Service issued a Gale Warning for Puget Sound Sunday.
The National Integrated Weather Weather Service issued a Gale Warning System warning for Puget Sound Sunday.
Study suggests blockade represents a novel, more cost effective approach for improving the treatment effectiveness of advanced metastatic prostate cancers.
Study suggests blockade represents " a novel, novel approach for the treatment potential of more advanced metastatic and prostate cancers.
Study suggests blockade therapy represents a novel, potentially - novel approach for the effective treatment of advanced metastatic prostate cancers.
Study suggests blockade represents a novel, approach for further - improving the treatment of more advanced metastatic and prostate cancers.
Study suggests blockade therapy represents a " novel, approach, for the treatment potential " of advanced metastatic prostate cancers.
Matt Cassel is re - signing him early on with the Vikings.
Matty Casselman is retro - signing with the Vikings.
Matty Cassel is retro - signing him with the Vikings.
Matt Cassel is currently re - considering signing on with the Vikings.
Matt Casselman is re - signing with the both the Vikings.
A young woman being mistakenly taken to a local psychiatric hospital said she was being billed at $ 60.
A woman mistakenly taken away to see a psychiatric hospital said she was not worth being billed $ 60.
A frightened young woman mistakenly taken to a psychiatric hospital and said she was being billed at $ 60.
A young black woman mistakenly taken her to see a psychiatric hospital said she herself was billed $ 60.
A woman mistakenly taken to a local psychiatric hospital, and said that she herself was billed $ 60.
Sligo Rovers manager, Ian Baraclough says he too, he would be happy not to consider job offers.
Sligo Rovers Rovers manager Ian Baraclough says that he too would be happy not to consider the job offers.
Sligo Rovers manager, Ian Baracloughi says he would probably not be happy not to consider job offers.
Sligo Rovers Rovers manager, Ian Baraclough, says he would be not to consider accepting any job offers.
Sligo Rovers Rovers manager Ian Mac Baraclough says he too would be not willing to even consider job offers.
Javier Clemente is also also set to also be appointed.
Javier Clemente, who is also set to be appointed.
Javier de Clemente is also set up to be appointed.
Javier de Clemente is also also set to be appointed.
Javiera de Clemente is set up to be appointed.
The Constitutional Advisory Council Act also has validated the Government's pension reform law.
The National Constitutional Law Council has validated the Government's own pension reform law.
The Constitutional Council has validated " the Swiss Federal Government's pension reform law.
The Constitutional Council has also validated the Government's own pensions reform law.
The Constitutional Council has also validated by law the Government's pension reform law.
Russian tourists are reluctant to cut off cutting off their Egyptian vacation short.
Russian Jewish tourists are also reluctant to help cut their Egyptian vacation short.
Russian tourists also are reluctant to cut off their summer Egyptian vacation short.
Russian tourists themselves are also reluctant to cut their Egyptian summer vacation short.
Russian tourists are reluctant enough to cut off their traditional Egyptian vacation short.
A Joliet man has died in a very sudden fall from his bicycle.
A Joliet homeless man died in from a fall falling from his bicycle.
A Joliet man died very suddenly in suffering a fall from his bicycle.
A young Joliet homeless man died in a fall falling from his bicycle.
A Joliet homeless man died in suffering a fall from under his bicycle.
Heavy overnight rain also led to nearly a manhole overflowing in Bothell.
Heavy, overnight rain led them back to a manhole overflow in Bothell.
Heavy, overnight rain also likely led to a manhole overflow in Bothell.
Heavy overnight rain led to a large concrete manhole overflowing in Bothell.
Heavy overnight rain led to both a large manhole and overflow in Bothell.
Champion driver Ricky Carmichael shares all his thoughts based on the excitement surrounding winning the 2014 NASCAR AMSOIL Arenacross season.
Champion Ricky Carmichael shares all his thoughts based on the excitement surrounding the 2014 NASCAR / NASCAR AMSOIL Arenacross season.
Champion Ricky Carmichael shares his thoughts on the all the big fan excitements surrounding the 2014 AMSOIL Arenacross season.
Champion, Ricky Carmichael also briefly shares his own thoughts on the excitement surrounding the upcoming 2014 AMSOIL Arenacross season.
Champion Ricky Carmichael shares his own thoughts, based partly on the excitement surrounding the upcoming 2014 AMSOIL Arenacross season.
Malian singer - songwriter songwriter Rokia Traoré also plays Sarama.
Malian singer - songwriter songwriter Rokia - Traoré plays Sarama.
Malian singer - songwriter, Rokia Traoré, plays Sarama.
Malian singer - songwriter, Rokia - Traoré plays Sarama.
Malian singer - songwriter, actor Rokia Traoré plays Sarama.
Billy Ray Cyrus also says, that Miley wanted to make it her special moment.
Billy Ray Cyrus also says Miley Cyrus wanted to just make it her special moment.
Billy - Ray Cyrus also says Miley wanted to make this it her special moment.
Billy Ray and Cyrus also says Miley wanted him to help make her special moment.
Billy Ray Cyrus also also says Miley wanted to make this it her special moment.
Nurses will not strike for another eight hours.
Nurses there will strike out for eight hours.
Nurses will not strike out for eight hours.
Nurses who will not strike for eight hours.
Nurses will strike for only about eight hours.
The Australian state government currently is facing three major new bushfire emergencies.
The entire Western Australian coastal state is facing three new bushfire emergencies.
The Western Australian Capital state is facing three major new bushfire emergencies.
The Australian state is currently facing three major and new bushfire emergencies.
The Western Australian coastal state is facing only three new bushfire emergencies.
How very confident that you are.
How very confident that you are.
How very confident that you are.
How very confident that you are.
How very very confident you are.
Matt Hunwicks, has been placed back on waivers.
Matty Hunwick has also been subsequently placed on waivers.
Matt Hunwick has since by then been placed on waivers.
Matty Hunwick has been subsequently placed back on waivers.
Matt Hunwick has also not been subsequently placed on waivers.
Abbas had also demanded the release of the three Palestinian leaders.
Abbas also demanded the release of the three key Palestinian leaders.
Abbas demanded for the release rights of three prominent Palestinian leaders.
Abbas demanded the release rights of three other key Palestinian leaders.
Abbas also demanded the release rights of the three Palestinian leaders.
A PUNTER has placed us what today is perhaps by far the single biggest bet in Australian Labor political history.
A PUNTER has been placed what today is by far the biggest bets in modern Western Australian political history.
A single PUNTER has placed what is perhaps by far the biggest political bets in modern Australian political history.
A quick PUNTER has placed what is by - - far, the biggest bet in Australian electoral political history.
A quick PUNTER has placed what today is by far, the biggest political bets in Australian political history.
An Air of Arabia Airlines Airbus A320 plane made an emergency emergency landing landing in Mumbai.
An Air Arabia Airbus Airbus A320 cargo plane made an emergency emergency emergency landing in Mumbai.
An Air Arabia Airbus A320 cargo plane had also recently made an emergency landing in Mumbai.
An Air Arabia Airbus Airbus A320 plane also made an emergency emergency emergency landing in Mumbai.
An Air Saudi Arabia Arabia Airbus A320 cargo plane also made an emergency landing in Mumbai.
A student who has set - off a lockdown he wore has just recently left school.
A student who set off a lockdown that day he first wore it has left school.
A student, who has set off a lockdown that he wore earlier has left school.
A student, who set one - off a security lockdown he wore has left school.
A former student, who has set off a security lockdown he wore has left school.
Nigeria also has not lost its fight back against corruption.
Nigeria has lost in its long long fight against corruption.
Nigeria has also lost ground in its fight against corruption.
Nigeria also has lost in its fight here against corruption.
Nigeria also has lost its long long fight against corruption.
A vice mayor based in Maguindanao had survived an earlier alleged assassination attempt.
A vice vice - vice mayor in Maguindanao survived an alleged assassination attempt.
A vice mayor based in Maguindanao also survived an alleged failed assassination attempt.
A vice vice - mayor in Maguindanao also survived an alleged assassination attempt.
A former vice - mayor in Maguindanao also survived an alleged assassination attempt.
The US Departments Department of Agriculture is terminating plans for a new national leafy greens'marketing agreement.
The Department of State Agriculture, is considering and terminating plans for a national leafy - greens marketing agreement.
The US Department of Agriculture is currently terminating plans for a new national'leafy greens'marketing agreement.
The Department of State and Agriculture is terminating plans calling for for a national leafy greens'marketing agreement.
The Departments of Agriculture, is terminating plans currently underway for implementing a national leafy greens marketing agreement.
Some of the Western Europe's key animals have made quite a comeback.
Some of Western Europe's most key animals have made quite a comeback.
Some of Europe's key animals and species have made quite a comeback.
Some of some of Europe's key animals species have made a comeback.
Some of Western Europe's key farm animals have made quite a comeback.
Chelsea FC FC have confirmed speculation on the signing of Willian.
Chelsea Chelsea Ladies FC have confirmed the signings of Willian.
Chelsea Ladies FC, have confirmed on the signing of Willian.
Chelsea FC have confirmed the new signings ahead of Willian.
Chelsea FC have confirmed the signings, ahead of Willian.
A businesswoman was also found murdered there ; execution style.
A businesswoman, who was murdered. ; execution style.
A businesswoman was also also murdered ; unusual execution style.
A young businesswoman who was murdered ; unusual execution style.
A young businesswoman who was murdered here ; execution style.
FOX News also has renewed Sleepy Hollow.
FOX has renewed on The Sleepy Hollow.
FOX News has renewed The Sleepy Hollow.
FOX has not since renewed Sleepy Hollow.
FOX News has since renewed Sleepy Hollow.
A court in the Saudi Arabia started the proceedings with the trial of 23 activists.
A special court in the Saudi - Arabia started with the trial of 23 activists.
A court martial in Saudi Arabia then started the criminal trial consisting of 23 activists.
A special court in Saudi Arabia started the first criminal trial consisting of 23 activists.
A court martial in Saudi Arabia started the very first trial of the 23 activists.
By Average, workers should feel alone.
By contrast the Average workers feel alone.
By Average workers should not feel alone.
By the Average workers should feel alone.
By Industrial Average, workers feel alone.
Plains and All American Pipeline LPs have completed with it the merger of PNG.
Plains All American Gas Pipeline Company LP have completed all the mergers of PNG.
Plains and All American Pipeline LP have not completed the mergers process of PNG.
Plains Petroleum and the All American Pipeline LP have completed with the merger of PNG.
Plains All American Gas Pipeline Development Company LP have completed with the merger of PNG.
People join police and other armed security forces only to die.
People must join police forces, and armed forces to die.
People who will join police and other armed forces to die.
People will also join police and armed security forces to die.
People join police forces and other armed security forces to die.
The city of Kirksville, is currently paying out a fine according to the Environmental Protection Agency.
The city of nearby Kirksville is paying out a fine to help pay the Environmental Protection Agency.
The nearby city of Kirksville is paying - out a fine to the Virginia Environmental Protection Agency.
The relatively small neighboring city of Kirksville, is paying a fine to the Environmental Protection Agency.
The city of Kirksville, is currently paying out a large fine to the Environmental Protection Agency.
The president, Bishop Joseph Fan of Zhongliang of Shanghai, had died earlier, on Sunday 96.
The president, Bishop Joseph Li - Fan Zhongliang of Greater Metropolitan Shanghai, died on Sunday 96.
The president, Bishop Joseph Fan Zhongliang of Greater Metropolitan Shanghai, died on the Easter Sunday 96.
The president, Bishop Joseph Fan Zhongliang, of Shanghai, died suddenly, on Easter Sunday 96.
The president, Bishop Joseph - Joseph Fan Zhongliang of Greater Shanghai, died suddenly on Sunday 96.
North Korea - Korea said its hand gestures are genuine.
North Korea said that its hand - gestures are genuine.
North Korea said its " gestures ", are genuine.
North Korea said that its hand gestures here are genuine.
North Korea said its own hand gestures here are genuine.
They never had, but the 2018 Cobber women's college basketball season will continue.
They had, but now the Cobber women's college basketball season, will continue.
They had, " " but the Cobber College women's basketball season will continue.
They never had, but the Cobber women's basketball season tradition still will continue.
They had, " but the Cobber women's basketball league championship season will continue.
Ice water flow jams clogged many parts of the Rocky Mountain River, raising fears of flooding.
Ice jams clogged up many parts of the Rocky River, furthermore raising fears of flooding.
Ice jams have also clogged parts of along the Rocky Mountain River, raising fears of flooding.
Ice jams clogged parts of the lower Rocky Mountain River, further raising fearson of flooding.
Ice jams clogged up many parts of the Rocky Mountain River, further raising fears of flooding.
SoloPower is looking out more for investors, as its restructuring process continues.
SoloPower is looking out for investors, as well its restructuring process continues.
SoloPower is still looking for investors as its internal corporate restructuring process continues.
SoloPower Group LLC is looking for investors, as its restructuring process continues.
SoloPower is looking out for investors as its corporate restructuring approval process continues.
The NRL club has offered Alex McKinnon a job offer free for life.
The Australian NRL also has offered Alex McKinnon with a job for life.
The NRL has offered coach Alex McKinnon with a job guaranteed for life.
The Australian NRL has offered Alex McKinnon a lucrative job offer for life.
The local local NRL club has offered Alex McKinnon a job for life.
The ice has been partially melted at central northern Maine lakes.
The ice sheet has mostly melted away at central Maine lakes.
The last glacial ice has melted at the central Maine lakes.
The glacial ice has melted at the central northern Maine lakes.
The glacial ice sheet has also melted at central Maine lakes.
Mobily has launched an managed security and information security services portfolio.
Mobily also has recently launched an integrated managed security services portfolio.
Mobily has also more recently launched an managed security services portfolio.
Mobily also has launched into an managed security and services portfolio.
Mobily has been launched with an integrated managed security services portfolio.
The Delta jet sliders off onto a taxiway at Washington Metro Airport.
The Delta II jet will slide off a small taxiway at Metro Airport.
The Delta jetliner will slide off onto a taxiway at Metro Airport.
The first Delta jet slide off a taxiway landing at Washington Metro Airport.
The first Delta jet sliders off onto a taxiway at Metro Airport.
Navajo leaders voted to eliminate all state taxes based on healthy food items.
Navajo leaders have voted almost unanimously to eliminate taxes on healthy food items.
Navajo leaders voted to eliminate taxes on healthy - tasting Navajo food items.
Navajo leaders voted unanimously not to eliminate taxes on healthy - food items.
Navajo leaders also voted to completely eliminate taxes on healthy - food items.
The grim accountings process continues in Oso.
The same grim accounting process continues in Oso.
The grim accounting process still continues in Oso.
The grimy financial accounting continues in Oso.
The same grim accounting process continues in Oso.
The home itself, was completely destroyed by a fire.
The family home itself, was destroyed by a fire.
The family home was later destroyed completely by a fire.
The home itself, was destroyed completely by a fire.
The home building itself was completely destroyed by a fire.
The Ports Authority of New York adopted a new, $ 27. 6 - billion capital plan.
The Port Authority Department of New York City has adopted a $ $ 27. 6 billion capital plan.
The Port Authority of Greater New - York has adopted a $ 27. 6 - billion capital plan.
The Metropolitan Port Authority Board of New York adopted a $ $ $ 27. 6 billion capital plan.
The Port Authority of New York adopted such a nearly brand new $ 27. 6 billion capital plan.
Bipasha Basu is now looking for such an equally eligible bachelor.
Bipasha Singh Basu is looking out for an equally eligible bachelor.
Bipasha Basu is looking out for an almost equally eligible bachelor.
Bipasha Singh - Basu is looking for becoming an eligible bachelor.
Bipasha Basu is not always looking for such an eligible bachelor.
Obama supporters will head off on their vacation.
Obama supporters will head off on their vacation.
Obama head - on off on their vacation.
Obama head off and on about their vacation.
Obama head - on off on their vacation.
Three medical community organisations met Minister to discuss plans being made publicly available for free GP care services for children aged under six years.
Three medical organisations have met Minister to Minister discuss plans for providing free primary GP care for children aged to just under six years.
Three local medical organisations met Minister Wilson to help discuss his plans for providing free GP care for young children aged under six years.
Three local medical organisations met Minister to discuss plans for providing free GP care and services for children aged under the age six years.
Three medical organisations met the Minister to discuss the plans for free GP care for children aged to be just slightly under six years.
It would also would be possible for a single passenger to disable the cruise control.
It probably would be for only a single female passenger to disable the cruise control.
It would only be possible for a passenger to manually disable the automatic cruise control.
It also would be impossible for a passenger to disable it without the cruise control.
It would be for only a passenger - car to disable the automatic cruise control.
India and Canada signed all three bilateral agreements aimed to boost cultural, exchange and business ties.
India and Canada signed three agreements aimed to further boost cultural exchange and strengthen international business ties.
India and Canada signed three bilateral agreements that aimed to further and boost cultural and business ties.
India, and Canada have signed three agreements aimed to boost their cultural ties and business ties.
India and neighbouring Canada have also signed three agreements that aimed to boost cultural and business ties.
Wilson Chandler had scored 21 points, Ty Lawson had 20, and the new Denver Golden State Nuggets snapped up by easily, beating the Dallas Mavericks 115 110.
Wilson Chandler scored 21 points, all while guard Ty Lawson had 20, and put the Denver Nuggets back snapped by easily beating the rival Dallas Mavericks 115 110.
Wilson Chandler scored with 21 points, Ty Lawson had 20, however, and the Denver Nuggets snapped by just beating the Dallas / NBA Dallas Mavericks 115 110.
Wilson Chandler scored with 21 points, Ty Lawson had 20, 000 and the new Denver Golden State Nuggets snapped by beating out the Dallas Mavericks with 115 110.
Wilson and Chandler each scored 21 total points, Tyron Lawson each had 20, and the Denver Nuggets snapped by beating the Dallas Dallas Mavericks by 115 110.
Axis Bank may also also slip up to Rs 1000.
Axis Bank loan may now also slip to Rs 1000.
Axis Bank may slip up up up to Rs 1000.
Axis Investment Bank loan may also slip to Rs 1000.
Axis Bank deposits may slip by up to Rs 1000.
New Orleans'Preservation Hall Jazz Bands program will appear on the program CBS Sunday Morning.
New Orleans'Preservation Hall Jazz Band will appear on the news program CBS News Sunday Morning.
New Orleans'Preservation Hall Jazz Band will also appear twice weekly, on CBS Sunday Morning.
New - Orleans'Preservation Concert Hall Jazz Concert Band " will appear on CBS Sunday Morning.
New Orleans's Preservation Concert Hall Jazz Concert Band will appear weekly on CBS Sunday Morning.
Brenton Thwaites, has joined in Godship Church of Egypt.
Brenton - John Thwaites has joined in the Gods of Egypt.
Brenton Thwaites has since joined in as the Gods of Egypt.
Brenton - Thwaites has joined him in Godship of Egypt.
Brenton Thwaites has also joined with him in Gods of Egypt.
Tuvalu has since withdrawn its recognition of the two former Georgian breakaway regions.
Tuvalu national government has withdrawn from its recognition of the Georgian breakaway regions.
Tuvalu has withdrawn its official recognition of all of the Georgian breakaway regions.
Tuvalu has also withdrawn from politics its recognition of the Georgian breakaway regions.
Tuvalu has withdrawn from its official recognitions of the Georgian breakaway regions.
A teacher girl has also been arrested and later she is charged with statutory rape.
A school teacher, who escaped has been arrested and is charged with statutory rape.
A teacher has also been arrested, and is being charged with attempted statutory rape.
A teacher has also been arrested, and she is charged with attempted statutory rape.
A teacher, who has been recently arrested and is being charged with statutory rape.
Markie Smith - Duggan was lawfully killed he was shot by a local police marksman.
Mark Duggan was lawfully killed after he was shot dead, by being a police marksman.
Markie Duggan was lawfully killed but he himself was later shot by a police marksman.
Mark Duggan was lawfully killed he was later found shot dead by being a police marksman.
Mark Duggan was lawfully killed after he was shot dead by being called a police marksman.
A second man has been indicted, in investigating the June 2012 murder.
A third second man has since then been indicted in the 2012 murder.
A second black man has been indicted, in the March 2012 murder.
A possible second black man has been indicted, in the 2012 murder.
A second black man has been indicted, in investigating the 2012 murder.
Topeka Police are investigating him after a shooting.
Topeka Police are also currently investigating a shooting.
Topeka County Police are also investigating a shooting.
Topeka County Police Department are investigating a shooting.
Topeka Police are investigating after seeing a shooting.
Ganesh himself, will be seen celebrating at Ugadi with fans.
Ganesh Babu will also be seen in celebrating Ugadi with fans.
Ganesh will be lastly seen while celebrating Ugadi with fans.
Ganesh will be seen as celebrating victory at Ugadi with fans.
Ganesh will be last seen celebrating Ugadi along with with fans.
A local SWAT team was called out, to a nearby Lynnwood apartment.
A local SWAT team team was called out to a nearby Lynnwood apartment.
A SWAT team team was also called out, to a Lynnwood apartment.
A second SWAT team member was called out to a nearby Lynnwood apartment.
A SWAT team member was immediately after called out to a Lynnwood apartment.
Vladimir Putin has signed a peace treaty, making Crimea part of Russia.
Vladimir and Putin signed a peace treaty making Crimea part state of Russia.
Vladimir Putin signed off on a treaty making the Crimea part of Russia.
Vladimir Putin signed a treaty making Crimea officially a part state of Russia.
Vladimir Putin signed on it a treaty on making Crimea part of Russia.
Dennison thought Seidenberg deserved his, extension.
Dennis Seidenberg also also deserved his, extension.
Dennis Seidenberg also also deserved his, extension.
Dennis Seidenberg also deserved, his, extension.
Dennis Seidenbergen also deserved his, extension.
Insurgents also stormed an election commission central office building in Kabul.
Insurgents stormed into an election commission central office building in Kabul.
Insurgents stormed back and into an election commission office in Kabul.
Insurgents stormed an election sub - commission central office in Kabul.
Insurgents may have also stormed an election commission office in Kabul.
A police officer also was arrested while driving in Lewisville.
A local police officer was also later arrested in Lewisville.
A police officer also was arrested, while in Lewisville.
A police officer also was also later arrested in Lewisville.
A police officer, he was also arrested in Lewisville.
Fox's telecast of the Super Bowl Bowl 48 set a new ratings record.
Fox's live telecast of Super Bowl 48 also set a new ratings record.
Fox's live telecasts of Super - Bowl 48 set a ratings record.
Fox's telecasts of the Super Bowl 48 also set a ratings record.
Fox's live telecast of the Super Bowl 48 set a new ratings record.
Nicolette has opened up about her first marriage Tom who was never.
Nicole has finally opened up more about what her marriage Tom was never.
Nicole has opened up about her first marriage to Tom who was never.
Nicolette also has opened up more about her marriage Tom was never.
Nicole has opened up about how her marriage that Tom had was never.
Britney Spears hopes and she wants to help help her project positive energy.
Britney gives Spears hopes and dreams she wants to project a positive energy.
Britney gives away Spears hopes and she also wants to project positive energy.
Britney Spears hopes and she also really wants Spears to project positive energy.
Britney Spears also has hopes and she wants to help project positive energy.
A mentally ill man who has been most recently executed in Florida.
A mentallyly - ill man has been brutally executed in Florida.
A mentally - ill young man has been executed somewhere in Florida.
A mentally ill young black man has recently been executed in Florida.
A mentally - ill young man has been brutally executed in Florida.
French President Francois Hollande, with whom 59 anni has been split off from Valerie Trierweiler, 48 anni.
French Vice President Francois François Hollande, 59 anni has split away from Valerie von Trierweiler, 48 anni.
French President Francois François Hollande, 598 anni has been split from Valerie von Trierweiler, 48 anni.
French President Francois Hollande, 598 anni. has split from her husband Valerie Trierweiler, 48 anni.
French Vice President Francois François Hollande, 59 anni has been split away from Valerie Trierweiler, 48 anni.
SMU has hired former UCLA running - defensive backs under coach Steve Broussard.
SMU has hired former assistant UCLA running - backs coach, Steve Broussard.
SMU has hired former - UCLA running backs under head coach Steve Broussard.
SMU has hired former UCLA running - backs under head coach Steve Broussard.
SMU has hired the former UCLA Bruins running backs head coach Steve Broussard.
Citigroup Inc. today announced that its Advisory Advisory Board has approved of a $ 1. 165 billion common - stock repurchase program.
Citigroup Inc. today has announced that its Board has approved a US $ 1. 165 billion common stock stock market repurchase program.
Citigroup Inc. today announced its Board and has approved completion of a $ 1. 165 - billion common stock stock repurchase program.
Citigroup Inc. today has announced its Board has approved a $ 1. 165 - 2 billion new common stock stock repurchase program.
Citigroup Inc. today has announced its Board and Board has approved a $ 1. 165 billion new, common stock repurchase program.
His wife, Khloen ( Kardashian filed, Lamar Odom is currently moving to Spain.
His second - wife Khloe Kardashian has filed, " Lamar Odom is moving to Spain.
His second - wife Khloe Kardashian filed, Lamar Odom is currently moving back to Spain.
His wife Khloe Kardashian filed, " " Lamare Odom is moving back to Spain.
His wife Khloe ( Kardashian ) filed, Lamar Odom, is moving back to Spain.
More recently than a 100 million elephants were killed by poachers using cyanide.
More than 100 African war elephants killed were killed by poachers using cyanide.
More recently than a 100 elephants were killed outright by poachers using cyanide.
More than a 100 elephants killed were also killed by poachers using cyanide.
More than 100 South African elephants were also killed by poachers using cyanide.
David Cameron has been accidentally stung by one such a jellyfish.
David Cameron himself has also been accidentally stung by a jellyfish.
David Cameron himself has been accidentally stung by such a jellyfish.
David Cameron has also been accidentally stung by eating a jellyfish.
David Cameron, himself has also been stung by a jellyfish.
Nelson - Atkins Rolihlahla Mandela, the president, also has died.
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela, formerly of the former president, has died.
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela, the former British apartheid president, has died.
Nelson Rolihlahla - Mandela, the president, and who has died.
Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela, the youngest living former president, has died.
The Jonas Brothers have deleted it from on their twitter account.
The Jonas and Jonas Brothers may have deleted their twitter account.
The Jonas Brothers also have deleted from Facebook their twitter account.
The other three Jonas Jonas Brothers have deleted their twitter account.
The Jonas Brothers themselves have since deleted their YouTube twitter account.
The humblest of tapioca is also competing with apples.
The more - humble tapioca is also competing with apples.
The humble tapioca is also now also competing with apples.
The most humble tapioca tree is competing only with apples.
The more self - humble tapioca is competing with apples.
A mother of bear and a cub were fatally struck by someone driving a police patrol car near Reno.
A female mother bear bear and later a male cub bear were fatally struck by a car near Reno.
A young mother polar - bear and a cub were fatally struck both by hitting a car near Reno.
A mother of bear and a bear - cub were fatally struck, both by a car near Reno.
A mother bear and a cub were fatally struck twice by a police car accident, both near Reno.
Olly the Green Murs has revealed he has also had some dreams about having a little bromance with Example.
Olly Mursh has revealed he has also, also had dreams about, having a bromance with Example.
Olly the Murs has revealed he himself also has recently had dreams about having a little bromance with Example.
Olly Mursh has revealed he has had dreams before about having had such a romantic bromance with Example.
Olly - Murs has revealed he has had dreams before about ending his having a romantic bromance with Example.
A Police Reserve Officer was also allegedly involved in a wrong way crash.
A Police Officer was involved in driving " in a wrong way crash.
A Police Officer was also allegedly involved in a wrong - way crash.
A local Metropolitan Police Officer was involved " in a wrong way crash.
A Police Officer who was involved in a fatal wrong - way crash.
Wesley University Medical Center will also host Stepping - out for Spring event.
Wesley Medical Center will also host the Stepping out Hospital for Spring event.
Wesley University Medical Center will host Stepping out Hospital for the Spring event.
Wesley University Medical Research Center will also host Stepping out for Spring event.
Wesley Medical Research Center will also host Stepping out for the Spring event.
UPS Inc., will also raise its rates based on 4. 9 %.
UPS, Inc. will also not raise its rates on 4. 9 %.
UPS Inc. will also raise its rates, based on 4. 9 %.
UPS, Inc., will raise its tax rates on 4. 9 %.
UPS, Inc. will raise its rates based on 4. 5 9 %.
A prison - warden who has earned an extra as a drug courier.
A prison warden who earned extra money, as well a drug courier.
A former prison warden who earned some extra money as a drug courier.
A prison - warden who earned extra money as well a drug courier.
A prison - warden, who earned extra money as a drug courier.
SFX Media Digital Entertainment Inc., has acquired Made Event.
SFX Digital Entertainment Inc., has acquired The Made Event.
SFX Entertainment, Inc., has acquired The Made Event.
SFX Entertainment, Inc. has since then acquired Made Event.
SFX Entertainment, Inc., LLC has acquired Made Event.
A three - month long investigation led to the subsequent police arrest of five sex offenders.
A nearly three month long investigation led to the successful arresting of five sex offenders.
A three month long investigation led to and the subsequent arrest of the five sex offenders.
A month long investigation led directly to and the arrest of the five female sex offenders.
A month long police corruption investigation led to the subsequent arrest of five alleged sex offenders.
A Republican congressman apologized hours later for threatening to break into a reporter and throw him off a balcony.
A Republican congressman later apologized for threatening him to physically break a reporter and throw off from a balcony.
A congressman apologized for threatening to physically physically break a local newspaper reporter and throw him off a balcony.
A congressman apologized for threatening him to break a news reporter'window down and throw off a balcony.
A congressman apologized for threatening to break out a newspaper reporter down and throw over him off a balcony.
Saudi Arabia today has rejected its own permanent observer seat on the UN Security Council hours.
Saudi Arabia today has rejected its one seat offer on the next UN Security Council hours.
Saudi Arabia today rejected taking its seat on the 2016 UN Mutual Security Assistance Council hours.
Saudi Arabia today has rejected taking its seat on the UN Security Council Assistance Council hours.
Saudi Arabia today rejected its seat on the annual UN Security Council Security Assistance Council hours.
Wind River ® has today announced major updates to its mobile communications platform for securing critical infrastructure.
Wind River ® today announced several updates to its platform, primarily for securing the critical infrastructure.
Windy River Energy ® today announced updates to update its technology platform for securing critical infrastructure.
Wind River ® today has announced updates made available directly to its platform for securing critical infrastructure.
Wind River ® has today also announced several updates to its platform, for securing critical infrastructure.
Justin Bieber III has allegedly also stormed out of a deposition.
Justin Bieber allegedly has also stormed him out of a deposition.
Justin Bieber allegedly has also stormed him out of a deposition.
Justin Bieber allegedly also stormed him out of giving a deposition.
Justin Bieber allegedly also later stormed out because of a deposition.
Barbara W Bush, was hospitalized with early warning signs of pneumonia.
Barbara Bush was hospitalized, with early warning signs warning of pneumonia.
Barbara W Bush was hospitalized with all the early signs of pneumonia.
Barbara George W Bush was hospitalized with early warning signs of pneumonia.
Barbara Bushnell was also hospitalized with early warning signs of pneumonia.
A boy who survived was burnt alive.
A boy, who was burnt alive.
A boy who survived was burnt alive.
A boy who was being burnt alive.
A young Jewish boy was burnt alive.
A Waterford man who is in fair physical condition following suffering a fatal motorcycle crash.
A Waterford man is found in fair - weather condition, following a motorcycle crash.
A young Waterford police man who is in fair physical condition following a motorcycle crash.
A Waterford maniac is in a fair condition, following a serious motorcycle crash.
A Waterford man is in fair physical condition following suffering a near fatal motorcycle crash.
The body bag of a young woman, was later found underneath a railroad overpass in Palmetto.
The dead body of a young woman, was found underneath a railroad overpass located in Palmetto.
The dead body of a woman, was found underneath of a former railroad overpass in Palmetto.
The body of a woman was later found underneath a former railroad bridge and overpass in Palmetto.
The dead body of a young woman was found buried underneath a railroad bridge overpass in Palmetto.
Maryville College will also host its Financial and First Aid Night.
Maryville Community Community College will also host its Financial Aid Night.
Maryville College campus will host annually its Financial First Aid Night.
Maryville College campus also, will host its Financial Aid Night.
Maryville College on campus will host its annual Financial Aid Night.
Five suspects have since also been arrested on prostitution - related charges.
Five other suspects have been recently arrested on various prostitution related charges.
Five suspects may have been arrested on prostitution - related related charges.
Five suspects have been recently arrested on prostitution - related related charges.
Five other suspects may have been arrested, on prostitution related charges.
Twitter account shares opened lower than following such a downgrade.
Twitter shares opened themselves up lower following such a downgrade.
Twitter shares have opened lower prices following such a downgrade.
Twitter account shares opened lower, following such a downgrade.
Twitter shares were opened much - lower following a downgrade.
Two of other HazMat teams showed - off new technology.
Two other HazMatra research teams showed off new technology.
Two other HazMat teams showed off the brand new technology.
Two other HazMat teams also showed - off new technology.
Two other former HazMat teams showed - off new technology.
Nigeria does therefore don't even need to convene a sovereign national conference.
Nigeria does not need to either directly convene or a sovereign national conference.
Nigeria does not need to convene as to form a sovereign national conference.
Nigeria also does not need to convene a separate sovereign - national conference.
Nigeria does not even need to directly convene as a sovereign national conference.
President, Thabo - Mbeki, has called to fully respect the rights of all Zimbabweans and to choose their own leader.
President, Thabo Mbeki, also has called to respecting all the rights rights of Zimbabweans to choose their own leader.
President, Daniela Thabo - Mbeki has called to respect the rights required of all Zimbabweans to choose their own leader.
President, Thabo Mbeki has called to fully respect the fundamental constitutional rights of all Zimbabweans to choose as their own leader.
President, Thabo Mbeki has called Zimbabweans to fully respect the rights of almost all Zimbabweans to choose their own leader.
Kathleen Sebelius, is resigning from the Barack - Obama administration.
Kathleen Sebelius, is resigning from joining the Barack Obama administration.
Kathleen Van Sebelius, is resigning from joining the Obama administration.
Kathleen Van Sebelius, who is resigning from the Obama administration.
Kathleen Sebelius is resigning, permanently, from the Obama administration.
Ireland were hit, after beating Afghanistan in just the final.
Ireland hit, before beating Afghanistan again in just the final.
Ireland hit, once again by beating Afghanistan in the final.
Ireland also hit, beating Afghanistan again, in the final.
Ireland hit, beating hosts Afghanistan in and reaching the final.
Strong wind and choppy sea surface conditions, are not being expected to even continue until Monday.
Strong wind and the choppy open sea conditions, are expected, to not continue until Monday.
Strong sea wind and choppy sea conditions, are not being expected to continue up until Monday.
Strong cold sea wind and choppy sea surface conditions, are expected to continue up until Monday.
Strong sea wind and the resulting choppy sea conditions, are expected to continue up until Monday.
What darkness lies beneath.
What darkness lies beneath.
What darkness lies beneath.
What darkness lies beneath.
What darkness lies beneath.
The US has warned Ugandans of an imminent future international terror attack.
The Western US has warned Ugandans of an imminent international terror attack.
The US has also repeatedly warned Uganda of an imminent imminent terror attack.
The United US has warned Uganda of an imminent imminent international terror attack.
The US has warned Ugandans of facing an imminent imminent terror attack.
Two separate undercover police operations broke up a prostitution and a suspected human trafficking ring.
Two police operations also broke up a prostitution ring and a human - trafficking ring.
Two police sting operations also broke a prostitution and a suspected human - trafficking ring.
Two police operations broke a prostitution ring and raided a humane - trafficking ring.
Two police conducted sting operations that broke a prostitution and a sex human trafficking ring.
A former Hillary Clinton campaign man is facing three felony charges.
A Clinton maniac is facing all the three felony charges.
A Hillary Clinton man is facing three different federal felony charges.
A Bill - Clinton maniac is facing three felony charges.
A Clinton campaign man is currently arrested facing three felony charges.
A rare, 8lb eel thought, was only recently found, by a team working on major repairs of a canal - lock, in Northamptonshire.
A rare 8lb eel thought, was most recently accidentally found by, a team while working on major repairs of, a canal lock in Northamptonshire.
A rare 8lb eel, thought, was found by a research team while working together on major repairs of building a canal lock dam in Northamptonshire.
A rare, 8lb eel thought, was found by " a team working on the major repairs of " a canal - lock lock in Northamptonshire.
A rare 8lb. eel thought, which apparently was found by a team working on major repairs upstream of, a canal - lock in Northamptonshire.
A Longmont truck driver was killed in just such a tragic truck crash in Oklahoma.
A Longmont Railroad truck - driver was killed in just such a crash in Oklahoma.
A former Longmont truck driver was killed in a car crash, while in Oklahoma.
A former Longmont pickup truck driver, was killed in a crash while in Oklahoma.
A single, former Longmont truck driver was killed in a car crash in Oklahoma.
A total number of 32, 429 officials statewide have cast their electoral votes statewide through postal ballots.
A grand jury total of 32, 429 officials have cast their votes statewide statewide through postal ballots.
A total of the 32, 429 officials would have to cast their votes online through postal ballots.
A total of 32, 429 elected officials statewide have cast their electoral votes statewide through postal ballots.
A grand total number of 32, 429 officials have cast all their votes through the postal ballots.
Sonoma County County has lost two historically - prominent vintners.
Sonoma County - County County has lost two prominent vintners.
Sonoma County has since lost both its two prominent vintners.
Sonoma County County has lost both its two prominent vintners.
Sonoma County Sheriff Department has also lost two prominent vintners.
West Bromwich have appointed Pepe van de Mel as their head coach.
West West Brom FC have appointed manager Pepe Mel as their head coach.
West Bromwich have appointed Pepe de Mel as as their head coach.
West Bromwich have appointed John Pepe Mellor as their head coach.
West Brom have appointed Pepe de Mel as their their new head coach.
Israeli tanks fired heavy artillery - shells at Palestinian farmers in the northern Gaza Strip.
Israeli tanks also fired artillery - like shells at farmers in the northern Gaza Strip.
Israeli tanks also fired artillery shells aimed at farmers in the far northern Gaza Strip.
Israeli Army tanks also fired heavy artillery shells at farmers in the northern Gaza Strip.
Israeli tanks fired shells aimed at farmers living in nearby the northern central Gaza Strip.
Kansas City has embarked on an unprecedented new downtown streetcar resurfacing program.
Kansas City City has embarked on an unprecedented streetcar line resurfacing program.
Kansas City City Council has recently embarked on an unprecedented street resurfacing program.
Kansas City has also recently embarked recently on an unprecedented street resurfacing program.
Kansas City has embarked on an unprecedented downtown streetcar line resurfacing program.
AppDirect raises $ 35 million, IBM also adds additional revenue by acquiring Silverpop.
AppDirect raises $ 357 million, which IBM adds to by acquiring Silverpop.
AppDirect raises well over $ 35 million, IBM adds by also acquiring Silverpop.
AppDirect also raises $ $. 35 million, IBM adds by acquiring Silverpop.
AppDirect also raises $ 35 million, IBM also adds more by acquiring Silverpop.
Diana herself was quite uneducated, and the older royals are boring.
Diana was uneducated and the other the two older royals are boring.
Diana herself was uneducated, and the older royals here are boring.
Diana who herself was uneducated and the other older royals are boring.
Diana was uneducated, arrogant and thinks the older royals are boring.
Angelo Mathews was hit to help Australia lead Sri Lanka to a victory.
Angelos Mathews hit first to lead Sri Lanka A to a victory.
Angelo Mathewson was hit to lead Sri - Lanka to a victory.
Angelo Mathews hit first to lead off the Sri Lanka to a victory.
Angelo Mathews hit first to lead Sri - Lanka A to a victory.
Angola was postponing negotiations for holding a summit with Portugal.
Angola was postponing for holding a joint summit with Portugal.
Angola also was postponing a summit - meeting with Portugal.
Angola also was postponing for a joint summit with Portugal.
Angola was postponing for a future summit meeting with Portugal.
Britain has warned Scotland.
Britain has warned Scotland.
Britain has warned Scotland.
Britain has warned Scotland.
Britain has warned Scotland.
New Zealand have recalled referee, Andrew Hore.
New Zealand have since also recalled Andrew Hore.
New - Zealand have also recalled Andrew Hore.
New - Zealand have recalled referee Andrew Hore.
New Zealand have since also recalled Andrew Hore.
The new United Arab States will continue to coordinate work with Pakistan.
The United States government will continue to coordinate work closely with Pakistan.
The United Arab States will also continue efforts to work with Pakistan.
The United States Army, will also continue to work with Pakistan.
The politically neutral United States will continue to coordinate work with Pakistan.
Arizona State will also host the 2015 Arizona Pro Bowl.
Arizona will also later also host the 2015 Pro Bowl.
Arizona State will play host in the 2015 Pro Bowl.
Arizona will also host the then upcoming 2015 Pro Bowl.
Arizona will also host in the 2015 AFC Pro Bowl.
A major pipeline expansion project was approved.
A new, major pipeline was approved.
A major pipeline project proposal was approved.
A major oil pipeline project was approved.
A major pipeline expansion project was approved.
Two men are accused of illegally stealing fuel from a car and selling it off for scrap.
Two men are accused of stealing a previously stolen car and then of selling it for scrap.
Two men involved are accused of stealing from a car and selling it off again for scrap.
Two men are falsely accused of stealing a car, stealing and selling it off for scrap.
Two men are accused of first stealing a stolen car, and then selling it for scrap.
Feedback prices however are continuing to fall.
Feedback prices however are continuing to fall.
Feedback prices are also continuing to fall.
Feed prices are also also continuing to fall.
Feedback prices are also continuing to fall.
Serbian construction firms set up a new construction industry consortium, said.
Serbian private construction firms have set up a construction consortium, said.
Serbian construction firms have set - up a construction consortium, said.
Serbian construction firms set - up themselves as a consortium, said.
Serbian construction firms have set - up a construction consortium, said.
Firefighters battled in preventing a severe house fire.
Firefighters also battled a severe open house fire.
Firefighters battled in a severe open house fire.
Firefighters also battled a severe open house fire.
Firefighters battled a particularly severe open house fire.
The Texas'state board system of education approved a comprehensive list system of science textbooks.
The Texas'state supreme board of education has approved a list of recommended science textbooks.
The Texas state board of higher education, has approved of a list of science textbooks.
The Texas state supreme board of higher education has approved a list of recommended science textbooks.
The Texas state board of public higher education approved a waiting list system of science textbooks.
Jonathan Rhys Meyers is also playing the Dracula.
Jonathan - Rhys - Meyers is the Dracula.
Jonathan Rhys Meyers is playing Dracula the Dracula.
Jonathan Rhys - Meyers is playing the Dracula.
Jonathan Rhys Rhys - Meyers is the Dracula.
The brand new Airmax Nasal Device, LLC USA Inc. is more effective than Breathe Right and ® Nasal Strips.
The new Airmax and Nasal Device, USA Inc. is more effective than Breathe the Right ® and Nasal Strips.
The new Airmax Nasal Strip Device, Inc. is more effective now than the Breathe Right ® Nasal Strips.
The Airmax Nasal Device, from USA Inc., is more effective than Breathe Right and the ® Nasal Strips.
The new Airmax and Nasal Strip Device, Inc. is more effective now than Breathe Right and ® Nasal Strips.
How Welcome are All the Africans? in the UK.
How Welcome There! There are Africans in the UK.
How the World Welcome are Africans? in the UK.
How Welcome There There are Africans in all the UK.
How to Be Welcome There are Africans in the UK.
Asian food export markets ended higher.
Asian export markets have ended higher.
Asian export markets have ended higher.
Asian export markets have ended higher.
Asian export markets have ended higher.
Sepp Blatter also doubts Gareth Bale was reportedly worth over a 100 - million euros.
Sepp Blatter doubts Gareth Balek was each reportedly worth over a 100 million euros.
Sepp - de - Blatter doubts Gareth Balek was worth a 100 million euros.
Sepp Blatter doubts that Gareth Bale was worth a possible 100 - 200 million euros.
Sepp Blatter doubts Gareth Evans - Bale prize was also worth a 100 million euros.
D. Purandeswari is likely going on to also join the BJP.
D. Purandeswari who is also is likely to join the BJP.
D. Purandeswari who is likely to also join with the BJP.
D. K Purandeswari is likely going to join with the BJP.
D. Purandeswari is more likely to join forces with the BJP.
Bulgarian National Army and Red Cross is to donate as an ambulance to the town of Vidin.
Bulgarian Red Cross project is to also also donate an ambulance to the Bulgarian town of Vidin.
Bulgarian Red Cross is planning to donate an ambulance to the nearby Bulgarian town centre of Vidin.
Bulgarian National Red Cross is planning also to donate an ambulance to help the town of Vidin.
Bulgarian Red Cross is planning to donate an ambulance to the nearby Bulgarian border town of Vidin.
Former White - House correspondent, Helene Thomas died.
Former senior CNN CNN White House correspondent Helen Thomas died.
Former White House correspondent Helene - Lee Thomas died.
Former White House foreign affairs correspondent, Helen Thomas died.
Former White House - White House correspondent Helen Thomas died.
The women of St. Margaret's House hosted a for - them a charity fashion show.
The women members of St. Margaret's House hosted a weekly charity and a fashion show.
The two women of St. Margaret's Royal Sydney Opera House hosted a charity fashion show.
The two other women members of St. Margaret's House hosted a charity and fashion show.
The first two women of St. Margaret's Coffee House hosted a charity and fashion show.
Who the bloody bloody heck really should play Johnny Carson on that stupid NBC miniseries.
Who the bloody heck should play in the Johnny Carson based on that NBC miniseries.
Who the bloody heck should I say, play Johnny Carson on that NBC miniseries.
Who the heck should? " I play Johnny Carson on all that NBC miniseries.
Who the heck really should play Johnny Carson on that whole stupid old NBC miniseries.
Brendan Rodgers, however has insisted Fabio Di Borini will also not be allowed to permanently leave on loan.
Brendan Rodgers has insisted Fabio Di Borinio will probably not be allowed to leave Chelsea permanently on loan.
Brendan Rodgers has also publicly insisted Fabio Borinio will probably not be allowed back to leave on loan.
Brendan Rodgers himself has insisted Fabio Borinio will not even be allowed permission to leave Chelsea on loan.
Brendan Rodgers, has also publicly insisted Fabio Borinio will not even be allowed to leave on loan.
Syria must not do more than declare its own nuclear weapons stockpiles.
Syria must do no more harm than declare off its weapons stockpiles.
Syria must do it no more than to declare its weapons stockpiles.
Syria must not do more damage than to declare its weapons stockpiles.
Syria also must do more than declare on its own weapons stockpiles.
Slovak company Telekom Slovakia has launched LTE services.
Slovak Telekom has also launched its LTE services.
Slovak company Telekom has launched its LTE services.
Slovak Telekom also recently has launched LTE services.
Slovak Telekom has also recently launched LTE services.
Sales in both Calgary, and Vancouver led to one such a Canadian housing market boom.
Sales in Calgary and in Vancouver led to a major 1980s Canadian public housing market boom.
Sales in both Calgary and Vancouver have led directly to a major Canadian housing market boom.
Sales increases in both Calgary, and Vancouver have led to a Canadian housing market boom.
Sales increases in Calgary and Vancouver have led to such a Canadian housing stock market boom.
A US official says, that, a crashed Malaysia Airlines plane was sending distress signals to a satellite.
A US official says a Malaysia International Airlines plane crash was sending out the distress signals to a satellite.
A US government official says a Malaysia Airlines plane crash was sending signals going back to using a satellite.
A US official also says that a nearby Malaysia Airlines Express passenger plane was sending signals to a satellite.
A senior US government intelligence official says a departing Malaysia Airlines passenger plane was sending signals to a satellite.
A highly suspicious fireman has also destroyed a rumpus room.
A suspicious house fire, has destroyed a nearby rumpus room.
A very suspicious fireman who has destroyed a rumpus room.
A suspicious forest fire has destroyed a small nearby rumpus room.
A suspicious house fire has also recently destroyed a rumpus room.
Shin Megami Tensei Collection IV also has also received a new DLC.
Shin - Megami Tensei Collection IV has also received a new DLC.
Shin Megami : Tensei IV has received a brand - new DLC.
Shin Megami Tensei IV Online has received only a single new DLC.
Shin - Megami : Tensei IV has received only a new DLC.
The government decision not to fully privatise Malaysia International Airlines is fair.
The decision not not to fully privatise Malaysia Airlines itself is fair.
The decision not not to privatise Malaysia International Airlines flights is fair.
The decision not to privatise the entire Malaysia Airlines fleet is fair.
The governments decision not to privatise Malaysia Airlines flights is fair.
Lancome released the pictorial taken together with Lee - Na Young to help help celebrate on the international women's day.
Lancome released the pictorial taken with Lee Young - Nae Young to celebrate as the first international women's day.
Lancome released the first pictorial photographs taken with photographer Lee Na Young, to celebrate the first international women's day.
Lancome also released all the pictorial taken with Lee - Na Young, to celebrate the international international women's day.
Lancome released the pictorial taken with Lee - young Nae Young to help celebrate on the international women's day.
Florida - State also gained quite a bit of a new ground on Oregon in the USA Today Coaches Poll.
Florida State gained quite a bit more of a positive grounding on Oregon in the USA Today Coaches Poll.
Florida State gained a bit of ground on by beating Oregon Penn - State in the USA Today Coaches Poll.
Florida - State gained quite a bit bit of new ground on beating Oregon in the USA Today Coaches Poll.
Florida - State gained quite a bit of ground based on beating Oregon in winning the USA Today Coaches Poll.
RUF was bringing Derek to help come visit our campus.
RUF was also bringing Derek to come visit our campus.
RUF was bringing Derek to a visit on our campus.
RUF was bringing in Derek to visit on our campus.
RUF was already bringing Coach and Derek to our campus.
A rabies alert alert system has been issued for in the Leesburg area.
A national rabies alert has been issued specifically for the greater Leesburg area.
A rabies alert warning system has also been issued for the Leesburg area.
A rabies alert warning has recently also been issued for the Leesburg area.
A rabies alert has also recently been recently issued for the Leesburg area.
Classes begin at the Bellingham County Technical College.
Classes begin at nearby the Bellingham Technical College.
Classes begin at the nearby Bellingham Technical College.
Classes begin at the Bellingham County Technical College.
Classes begin at Bellingham Washington County Technical College.
Barack Obama will also later visit Amsterdam.
Barack - Obama, will visit Amsterdam.
Barack - Obama will also visit Amsterdam.
Barack Obama, will also visit Amsterdam.
Barack - Barack Obama will visit Amsterdam.
A woman driving a black Mercedes sedan collided violently with a semi truck.
A young black woman driving in a sedan collided with a semi truck.
A young woman, driving a sedan collided with half a semi truck.
A young woman driving in a black sedan collided with a semi truck.
A beautiful young young woman driving a sedan collided with a semi truck.
Ministers were cheated in South West Yorkshire out of European Union funds.
Ministers cheated South West Yorkshire out of much of European Union funds.
Ministers cheated South East Yorkshire Council pulled out of European Union funds.
Ministers have cheated South West Yorkshire out of the European Union funds.
Ministers cheated the South Yorkshire out of the remaining European Union funds.
A Dollar - Dollar General has opened shop in Bradford.
A brand new Dollar General has recently opened in Bradford.
A Dollar - Dollar General store has opened in Bradford.
A new Dollar - General has also opened in Bradford.
A new supermarket Dollar - General has opened in Bradford.
Men should probably also not wear jewellery.
Men should also not always wear jewellery.
Mentors also should not wear jewellery.
Men also, should not wear jewellery.
Mentors also should not wear jewellery.
Bar 2211, which is opening officially on this Saturday, April 12.
Bar 2211, which is opening officially on this Saturday, April 12.
Bar 2211 is opening officially on this very particular Saturday, April 12.
Barangay 2211, is officially opening officially this Saturday, April 12.
Bar 2211, is opening, officially this is Saturday, April 12.
Lanusse FC will face Ponte Preta in in the final.
Lanus will also will face Ponte da Preta in the final.
Lanusse FC FC will face Ponte Preta in the final.
Lanus will also face Ponte Preta Rugby FC in the final.
Lanus will also face Ponte da Costa Preta in the final.
Larry Fitzgerald has also suffered problems with concussion.
Larry Fitzgerald has also recently suffered with concussion.
Larry John Fitzgerald has suffered problems with concussion.
Larry Fitzgerald III has also suffered with concussion.
Larry Fitzgerald has also also suffered with concussion.
Australia has also also publicly vowed to assist Myanmar in its reform process.
Australia Government has vowed to help assist Myanmar in implementing its reform process.
Australia has vowed not to directly assist Myanmar in continuing its reform process.
Australia has vowed to assist with the Myanmar in implementing its reform process.
Australia has vowed to assist with Myanmar in implementing its constitutional reform process.
Dialogue committees should also also be given as an opportunity to actively work for peace.
Dialogue committees should also be also given an equal opportunity also to work for peace.
Dialogues between committees should also be given an opportunity to actively work for peace.
Dialogueal committees should be given as an equal opportunity to work together for peace.
Dialogue committees should be given an opportunity to more effectively actively work together for peace.
They also are currently investigating about an armed robbery attempt at a Greenville gas station.
They also are also investigating an armed robbery and attempt at a Greenville gas station.
They are now also investigating an armed robbery at the a Greenville County gas station.
They are also investigating an armed, bank robbery committed at a Greenville gas station.
They are investigating an armed robbery attempt at entering a nearby Greenville County gas station.
Terry Branstader, will host at a political campaign fundraiser in Washington.
Terry Branstad will be host at a major Republican political fundraiser in Washington.
Terry Branstad will host at least a major political campaign fundraiser in Washington.
Terry Branstad will also host him at such a political fundraiser in Washington.
Terry and Branstad will host at least a single political fundraiser in Washington.
David, who he really was, died.
David, who and who was, died.
David, who thought he was, died.
David, who and who was, died.
David, who he really was, died.
A local pensioner, was also left burns after his clothes caught on fire, while he was cooking.
A local pensioner, was also reportedly left burns free after his clothes caught fire while he was cooking.
A local pensioner was left with burns, after which his clothes caught on fire while he was cooking.
A pensioner was left burns after his wet clothes caught him on the fire, while he was cooking.
A pensioner was also also left burns after all his work clothes caught on fire while he was cooking.
Extreme weather which has caused huge damage thousands of trees and in Britain the research showed.
Extreme weather has caused a huge damage of trees in the Great Britain, research showed.
Extreme weather has caused huge ecological damage of the fruit trees in Britain, research showed.
Extreme tropical weather has caused huge damage to thousands of palm trees in Britain research showed.
Extreme weather conditions has caused huge ecological damage of trees in Britain, the research showed.
The leader Ed Miliband told his " party conference Britain " Britain could do better under Labour.
The Ed Miliband MP told at his party conference that Britain " could do better under Labour.
The Edwyn Miliband told at his annual Labour party conference Britain could do better under Labour.
The Edwyn Miliband told that his party at conference Britain " could do better under Labour.
The Ed Miliband told his own party conference that Britain " could do better than under Labour.
A court was extended for the custody of President Pervez Musharraf.
A higher court extended the legal custody of President Pervez Musharraf.
A subsequent court order extended the custody of President Pervez Musharraf.
A higher appeals court extended the custody of President Pervez Musharraf.
A court extended for the child custody case of Pervez Musharraf.
Rugby player Kyran - Brackenridge paid him a special visit to King William's College.
Rugby player Kyran Brackenridge paid a special visit here to the King William's College.
Rugby union player Kyran Bracken paid him a special visit, to King William's College.
Rugby player Kyran Bracken paid a very special visit to the nearby King William's College.
Rugby union player Kyran Bracken paid a special visit to the nearby King William's College.
Beijing, India and China?, India held their third round session of the Strategic and Economic Dialogue.
Beijing, and India? and China? held their third preliminary round of discussing the Strategic Economic Dialogue.
Beijing, where India and China? held their third round of planning for the 2015 Strategic Economic Dialogue.
Beijing, where India and China? held up their third round session of the Strategic and Economic Dialogue.
Beijing, India? and China? held their joint third round session of the Joint Strategic Economic Dialogue.
Rap star Fatboy Joe Jackson has been reported to prison.
Rap music star Fat Joe Jackson has reported him to prison.
Rap star Fat Joe Jackson has been also reported to prison.
Rap star Fats Black Joe has been reported to prison.
Rap music star Fat Joe Jackson has reported him to prison.
Telekomunikacja Polska has also issued PLN257. 5 5m worth of bonds to subsidiaries.
Telekomunikacja i Polska has issued PLN257. 5m. worth of bonds to subsidiaries.
Telekomunikacja Polska Bank has issued PLN257. 000 5m of government bonds to subsidiaries.
Telekomunikacja Polska has issued over a PLN257. 5m of government bonds to subsidiaries.
Telekomunikacja Polska Bank has also issued a PLN257. 5m of bonds to subsidiaries.
Sleepy apnea may be strongly linked directly to poor bone health.
Sleeper apnea may be strongly linked to a poor bone health.
Sleepy apnea may be linked to a chronic poor bone health.
Sleepy apnea may be linked to having a poor bone health.
Sleepy sleep apnea may also be linked to poor bone health.
SAP AGA has integrated its business intelligence services on to its new data warehouse.
SAP AG has integrated its business process intelligence on demand to its new data warehouse.
SAPTE AG has integrated its own business process intelligence on its new data warehouse.
SAP AGA also has integrated the business intelligence on to its new data warehouse.
SAPTE AG has integrated business intelligence services based on its new enterprise data warehouse.
Lombard Odier & La - Cie selected MongoDBs as the data store provider for its Eco - Merging social network.
Lombard, Odierna & Cie. selected MongoDBX as being the data store for its E - Merging social network.
Lombard Odierna & Cie selected the MongoDB as the data - store for its Eco - Merging mobile social network.
Lombard Odierna & Cie selected MongoDB as the main customer data store provider for its E - Merging mobile social network.
Lombard Odier & Cie selected the MongoDB as being in the data - store for its new E - Merging social network.
Northern and Indiana County counties are lifting up on the last of the travel restrictions.
Northern and Indiana border counties are lifting the last remaining part of the travel restrictions.
Northern and Indiana, counties, are considering lifting the last of the travel restrictions.
Northern Indiana counties are lifting the very last part because of the state travel restrictions.
Northern and Indiana counties, which are lifting off the last of the travel restrictions.
A Mexican judge has also ordered the two Canadian women held for imprisonment up to 30 to 40 days.
A Mexican federal judge has also ordered that two pregnant Canadian women be held for up to 40 days.
A Mexican federal federal judge has ordered two Canadian Aboriginal women be held for imprisonment up to 40 days.
A former Mexican judge also has ordered two other young Canadian Aboriginal women held for up to 40 days.
A Mexican judge also reportedly has ordered two pregnant Canadian women held hostage for up 30 to 40 days.
Barack Obama - Barack Obama urged both Democrats and Republicans to work on their budget differences.
Barack - Obama - Obama urged Democrats and House Republicans to work on their budget differences.
Barack - Obama has urged Democrats, and Republicans to work on their own budget differences.
Barack Obama has urged both the Senate Democrats and Republicans to work on their budget differences.
Barack Obama has repeatedly urged Democrats and Republicans to work on legislation settling their budget differences.
Mylan Inc has launched the breast - cancer drug Hertraz Herceptin, marketed in India.
Mylan Inc., has launched breast - cancer drug, Hertraz Herceptin in India.
Mylan, Inc. has launched the breast cancer treatment drug Hertraz Herceptin in India.
Mylan, Inc has launched breast cancer treatment drug, Hertraz Herceptin, in India.
Mylan Inc has recently also successfully launched the breast cancer drug Hertraz Herceptin in India.
Ramphele benefited very very greatly from worth of BEE deals.
Ramphele benefited from worth millions of outstanding US BEE deals.
Ramphele benefited greatly from the worthiness of BEE deals.
Ramphele benefited from several hundred millions worth of BEE deals.
Ramphele benefited from millions worth worth of outstanding BEE deals.
Syria agreed to give UN access rights to and identify the site of a possible Syrian chemical weapons attack.
Syria agreed to and not give UN forces access to the site because of a chemical - weapons attack.
Syria itself has also agreed not only to give UN access to the site of a chemical weapons attack.
Syria also has not agreed to give UN access to the exact site of a possible chemical weapons attack.
Syria also agreed to give UN forces access to the site of such as a chemical - weapons attack.
Marley Williams either faces a club ban or he faces a league suspension.
Marley Williams faces either either a football club ban or a league suspension.
Marley Williams faces a club player ban, or faces a league suspension.
Marley Williams faces a rugby club ban, or a rugby league suspension.
Marley Williams faces either either a football club ban or a league suspension.
Delta Air Lines Lines has announced it will start a daily nonstop scheduled flight service between San Diego Diego and Seattle.
Delta Air Lines Lines has announced it will start a daily nonstop flight between San Diego San Diego Airport and Seattle.
Delta Air Lines announced it, will also, soon start a daily, nonstop flight between San Diego and Seattle.
Delta and Executive Airline Lines announced it, will also start a daily nonstop flight between San Diego and Seattle.
Delta Air Lines also has announced it will start a daily nonstop scheduled flight between both San Diego Diego and Seattle.
The GCSB bill has exactly the same numbers needed to pass.
The current GCSB bill has the required two numbers to pass.
The GCSB bill also has the same numbers needed to pass.
The GCSB budget bill also now has the numbers to pass.
The GCSB bill has the required two numbers required to pass.
The execution will not happen later this year.
The execution will not happen again this year.
The execution will happen sometime later this year.
The next execution will happen later this year.
The execution date will happen later this year.
Five retailers have, 15 th, 2013 benefited more directly from the Airtel prizes.
Five retailers have, since 15 th, 2013, benefited from the Airtel prizes.
Five retailers have, since 15 th, 2013 benefited directly from the Airtel prizes.
Five major international retailers have, since 15 th, 2013 benefited from Airtel prizes.
Five retailers that have, 15 th, since 2013, benefited from Airtel prizes.
Moody has withdrawn the gold issuer ratings, assigned only to only the state of Quintana Roo.
Moody has withdrawn all the issuer ratings previously previously assigned to cover the state of Quintana Roo.
Moody has withdrawn all the issuer ratings previously assigned to cover the state capital of Quintana Roo.
Moodyz has withdrawn all the issuer ratings assigned to the state government of the Quintana Roo.
Moody has also withdrawn the issuer ratings assigned more specifically specifically to the state of Quintana Roo.
Al Ahly FC are the African champions.
Al Ahly are also the African champions.
Al - Ahly are the African champions.
Al - Ahly are the African champions.
Al Al - Ahly are African champions.
A bounty hunter shot him in the torso.
A bounty hunter shot him in the torso.
A hunter was shot twice in the torso.
A bounty hunter shot him in the torso.
A hunter shot in pain through the torso.
RESIDENTS can only expect from a much better police service.
RESIDENTS You can probably only expect a better police service.
RESIDENTS can expect from you a better quality police service.
RESIDENTS can expect a very much better quality police service.
RESIDENTS You can expect a better - quality police service.
One out of of every 10 Pennsylvania middle - and high - school students smokes.
One out - of of every 10 middle school middle and high school students smokes.
One outlier of every every 10 middle and senior high - school students smokes.
One student out out of every about 10 middle and high school age students smokes.
One out of nearly every 10 million Pennsylvania middle and senior high school students smokes.
Girl suspended by me for bring cheese sandwich.
Girl was suspended for a bring cheese sandwich.
Girlfriend was suspended for bring cheese sandwich.
Girl suspended me for the bring cheese sandwich.
Girl suspended for eating a bring cheese sandwich.
NATO has also temporarily suspended cooperation with Russia.
NATO has suspended all its cooperation with Russia.
NATO membership also has suspended cooperation with Russia.
NATO has also suspended its cooperation with Russia.
NATO has suspended its cooperation talks with Russia.
Nissan, Motor and PT Renault India will invest $ 2. 5 billion each in India.
Nissan, Motorola and PT Renault will invest $ 2. 5 5 billion in India.
Nissan Motor Manufacturing Company and Renault India will invest $ 2. 5 billion each in India.
Nissan Motor Company and Renault France Renault will invest $ 2. 5 5 billion in India.
Nissan Motor and Renault India will invest $ US 2. 5 5 5 billion in India.
Prescription drugs could not have played a major role in causing the crash.
Prescription drugs alone could have possibly also played a role in the crash.
Prescription drugs could have also played a role even later in the crash.
Prescription drugs also could have played a role more significantly in the crash.
Prescription drugs could have played just such a major role in the crash.
Kickstarter also says hackers got into with some of its customer data.
Kickstarter says hackers have already got some of all its customer data.
Kickstarter says that hackers have got some of its own customer data.
Kickstarter says hackers got into some of its online and customer data.
Kickstarter says the hackers got some of its very own customer data.
I also wrote you an article about learning how best to create up a bootable USB to install OS X.
I also wrote up an article about how to help create a bootable USB to also help install OS X.
I wrote an article, about learning how to help create a bootable USB drive to install Mac OS X.
I wrote you an article about learning about how to create a bootable USB to install Mac OS OS X.
I wrote an interesting article, about how best to create up a bootable USB drive to install OS X.
The Commonwealth has decided not even to wait up till tomorrow on it should deal with Maldives.
The British Commonwealth had decided to wait till tomorrow, and on it should deal with Maldives.
The Commonwealth decided to wait till tomorrow on hearing it and should deal more directly with Maldives.
The Commonwealth decided to wait till early tomorrow on deciding whether later it should deal with Maldives.
The then British Commonwealth decided to wait till tomorrow decision on it should it deal with Maldives.
How about to vote again for your personal favorite on American Idol 2014.
How to vote for your favorite artist on American Idol Pop Idol 2014.
How to vote for your favorite American female artist on American Idol 2014.
How to vote for your most personal favorite on American Pop Idol 2014.
How to vote for your favorite on American Idol : Pop Idol 2014.
PeerTV has has partnered to help help launch of a new digital set top box in Germany.
PeerTV has also has partnered to launch a new set - top - - box in Germany.
PeerTV has has also partnered to launch a brand new set top box box set in Germany.
PeerTV has has partnered to launch a new digital set top and boxed set in Germany.
PeerTV has has partnered extensively to help help launch such a new set top box in Germany.
An unnamed American journalist has been kidnapped, while in Ukraine.
An American investigative journalist has also been reported kidnapped in Ukraine.
An American investigative journalist has been reported being kidnapped in Ukraine.
An American journalist has reportedly also reportedly been kidnapped in Ukraine.
An American journalist has reportedly reportedly also been kidnapped in Ukraine.
Shah Rukh Khan has topped a list consisting of the best - - looking and rugged celebrities.
Shaheed - Rukh Khan has topped on a Forbes list of the best looking rugged celebrities.
Shah Rukh Khan has consistently topped a global list of all the best looking and rugged celebrities.
Shah Rukh Khanna has topped a list consisting of all the very best looking rugged celebrities.
Shah - Rukh Khan has topped a Forbes list of the best good - looking rugged celebrities.
Corruption rate in the schools is getting worse.
Corruption in the schools system is getting worse.
Corruption in schools is also also getting worse.
Corruption in schools is also also getting worse.
Corruption in schools today, is getting worse.
Asian food stocks fell.
Asian food stocks fell.
Asian food stocks fell.
Asian food stocks fell.
Asian food stocks fell.
Goma International International Open Air has successfully conducted test flight.
Goma Air Force has also successfully successfully conducted test flight.
Goma Air has also successfully successfully successfully conducted test flight.
Goma Air Force has also also successfully conducted test flight.
Goma International Air has also recently successfully conducted test flight.
George Zimmerman was also arrested twice on domestic - violence charges.
George Zimmerman was also arrested twice on domestic - violence charges.
George Edward Zimmerman was arrested on domestic - domestic violence charges.
George Zimmerman was also later arrested on domestic - violence charges.
George Zimmerman, was arrested twice, on domestic violence charges.
One company may also make book profits in Bharti Airtel.
One company may also book the profits in Bharti Airtel.
One person may buy book profits made in Bharti Airtel.
One may also book the profits made in Bharti Airtel.
One company may also make book profits in Bharti Airtel.
One, Emirates Airlines is scheduled to start flights starting back from Kabul.
One, Emirates International Airlines is scheduled to also start flights from Kabul.
One, Emirates International Airlines, is to also start flights from Kabul.
One, with partner Emirates Airlines, is to start flights from Kabul.
One, Emirates Airlines is to soon after also start flights from Kabul.
Expedia, Inc., online and online travel companies won a court round.
Expedia, Inc. and online and business travel companies won a court round.
Expedia Inc. and other online business travel advice companies won a court round.
Expedia Inc., and online online travel service companies won a court round.
Expedia Inc. and online travel service companies won damages in a court round.
A quick CHANCE to further explore two Valerian villages takes.
A quick CHANCE to explore the first two Vale villages takes.
A CHANCE had to actually explore two Valerian villages takes.
A quick CHANCE to explore between the two Vale villages takes.
A CHANCE to go further explore two other Vale villages takes.
A man has been charged with sexual abuse after beating up his son in to the face head head on with a baseball bat.
A young black man has been charged with abuse after beating his son in the head head with using only half a baseball bat.
A man has been charged with abuse after beating up his son Johnnie Brown in the head with his only a baseball bat.
A violent young man has been charged with abuse after repeatedly beating up his son in the head head with only a baseball bat.
A man has been charged with abuse after beating his very young son, in the head repeatedly, with only a baseball bat.
Torrey - Westrom is now stepping up to vie once again against US Rep. Collin Peterson.
Torrey - Westrom is stepping - up to vie again against US Rep., Collin Peterson.
Torrey Westroms is stepping - up to vie against incumbent Republican US Rep. Collin Peterson.
Torrey - Westrom is stepping - up again to vie against US Senate Rep. Collin Peterson.
Torrey Westroms is stepping up again to the vie against US Senate Rep. Collin Peterson.
Specific organic compounds found high in exhaled breath may help diagnose acute lung cancer in its very early stages.
Specific compounds found very high in exhaled breath may also help diagnose lung cancer in only its very early stages.
Specific organic compounds found suspended in in the exhaled breath may help diagnose lung cancer in its very early stages.
Specific organic compounds found in the exhaled breath may help physicians to diagnose lung lung cancer in its early stages.
Specific compounds found in the exhaled air breath may help to diagnose lung cancers even in its early stages.
Da'Shawn Hand has been, but has not announced he has not set himself a decision date.
Da'Shawn, the Hand has been, all but announced he has set himself a decision date.
Da'Shawn Handley has been, but announced he has set himself for a new decision date.
Da'Shawn Hand has been, but announced he too has set - up a new decision date.
Da'Shawn Hand has still not been, all but announced he has set up a decision date.
Clippers trade, as rumors have.
Clippers trade, as rumors have.
Clippers of trade, rumors have.
Clippers and other trade rumors have.
Clippers of trade, rumors have.
Notre - Dame Dame University will comply with the new HHS mandate.
Notre - Dame Catholic University will also comply with the HHS mandate.
Notre Dame University students will comply fully with all the HHS mandate.
Notre - Dame Dame University will comply fully with the HHS mandate.
Notre Dame University will also fully fully comply with the HHS mandate.
Britain benefits tremendously from being within the new modernised European Union.
Britain also benefits most tremendously from being included within the European Union.
Britain also benefits tremendously from being within the new modern European Union.
Britain benefits most tremendously from being within the new modern European Union.
Britain also has benefits most tremendously from being within the European Union.
Paula - Deen continues to make as she compares, often even referring as that particular young black football player.
Paula Deen continues to make comments as she compares, referring him to as being like that black football player.
Paula Deen continues trying to make up names as she compares, referring as being like that black football player.
Paula Deenman also continues to say " make as she compares, referring as " that black football player.
Paula - Deen continues to make racist comments as she compares, referring as being that same black football player.
EW Wylie Steels International Corporation is celebrating its 75th anniversary.
EW Wylie Steel Corporation, is celebrating it its 75th anniversary.
EWT - Wylie Corporation is celebrating its own 75th anniversary.
EW Wylie Steels Corporation is celebrating its own 75th anniversary.
EW Wylie Corporation, is currently officially celebrating its 75th anniversary.
Carano's meeting - up with UFC president Dana White occurred next week.
Carano's meeting with UFC president, UFC referee Dana White next week.
Carano's meeting with UFC president Dana - Paul White occurred next week.
Carano's first meeting with UFC president, Dana - White next week.
Carano's meeting with UFC vice vice - president Dana White next week.
Joe Van Root extends his extended stay here with Yorkshire.
Joe Root extends all this to his stay with Yorkshire.
Joe, the Root extends his stay here with Yorkshire.
Joes Root also extends his long stay with Yorkshire.
Joe Van Rooth also extends his stay with Yorkshire.
Aston Villa boss, then manager Paul Lambert jumped in to the defence of Andi Weimann.
Aston Villa new boss, Paul Lambert jumped to join in the defence of Andi Weimann.
Aston - Villa boss Paul Lambert jumped in to lead the defence ahead of Andi Weimann.
Aston Villa boss Paul Lambert then jumped to join the defence ahead of striker Andi Weimann.
Aston - Martin Villa new boss, Paul Lambert jumped to the defence of Andi Weimann.
Mendocino Community College also is accepting scholarship applications.
Mendocino College also is now accepting scholarship applications.
Mendocino College is now accepting new scholarship applications.
Mendocino College is accepting new student scholarship applications.
Mendocino Community College is accepting student scholarship applications.
CBS Corporation and Time - Warner Cable each have extended their annual subscription subscription fee negotiations deadline to 5pm, ET on Friday.
CBS and Time - Warner Cable have extended up their annual subscription fee negotiations deadline to be approximately 5pm ET, on Friday.
CBS and Time - Warner Cable have extended their subscriptions, advertising and fee negotiations deadlines to 5pm ET on Friday.
CBS and Time Warner Cable Cable Cable subscribers have extended half their subscription subscription fee in negotiations deadline to 5pm ET on Friday.
CBS Sports and Time Warner Cable have extended their respective subscription fee negotiations and deadlines to 5pm ET, beginning on Friday.
Nepal government will also slash climbing fees required for Everest.
Nepal will also slash climbing fees even more for Everest.
Nepal will also also slash climbing permit fees for Everest.
Nepal will slash climbing fees, and even for Everest.
Nepal government will slash climbing permit fees even for Everest.
Up to 7000 Britons also could be fighting ISIL in Syria.
Up - to 7000 Britons also could be fighting in Syria.
Up up to 700 Britons could be fighting against ISIL in Syria.
Up up to 700 Britons also could be seen fighting in Syria.
Up to 700 Britons also could be found fighting ISIL in Syria.
Cher is preparing herself to let go undergo foot surgery.
Cher is preparing to go undergo a new foot surgery.
Cher is now also preparing to also undergo foot surgery.
Cher is also now preparing to officially undergo foot surgery.
Cher is now preparing to also officially undergo foot surgery.
Microsoft added a grand total video collection of 92, 000 000 music videos for the Xbox Music app.
Microsoft added to a total of over 92, 000 music videos for using the Xbox Live Music app.
Microsoft added a total of over 92, 000 music videos for the Xbox using the Xbox Music app.
Microsoft added a total of over US $ 92, 000 new music videos for the Xbox Music app.
Microsoft added a total of 92, 000 000 new music videos for Xbox using the Xbox Music app.
The Dallas Park Zoo had just broken such a attendance record.
The Dallas Park Zoo crowd there had broken a attendance record.
The Dallas Park Zoo itself had broken such a attendance record.
The Dallas Park Zoo itself had broken such a attendance record.
The Dallas Zoo crowd there had broken a new attendance record.
Cecil Staton has since announced he will not again seek for re - election.
Cecil Staton has announced he himself will not again seek re re - election.
Cecil Staton has announced he or himself will not seek re re - election.
Cecily Staton has announced he himself will likely not seek re - election.
Cecily Staton has also announced he will likely not seek re - election.
John Kerry also strongly urged the US Congress to end a shutdown.
John John and Kerry urged the Congress to end such a shutdown.
John Kerry urged the US US Congress not to end a shutdown.
John John Kerry urged the Congressmen to end such a shutdown.
John Kerry urged the US US Congress to end such a shutdown.
Miley Cyrus and singer Liam Hemsworth have since reunited live in Canada.
Miley Cyrus, Beyoncé and Liam Hemsworth have since reunited in Canada.
Miley, Cyrus, and Liam Hemsworth, have reunited in Canada.
Miley Cyrus, and actor Liam Hemsworth have also reunited in Canada.
Miley Cyrus Cyrus, Beyoncé and Liam Hemsworth have reunited in Canada.
The chain Morrisons is set to open shop in in 2018 a building on One Acre Lane.
The chain Morrisons supermarket is also being set to open in at a building on Acre Lane.
The chain of Morrisons stores is set up to open in in a building on Acre Lane.
The chain of Morrisons supermarket is set to open in a new building located on Acre Lane.
The chain of Morrisons is set to open shop in a new building located on Acre Lane.
Police have arrested a man originally from Brighton, who also allegedly was wanted for recall back to prison.
Police have also arrested a man from New Brighton who allegedly was wanted and asked for recall to prison.
Police have arrested also a man from New Brighton who allegedly was wanted again for recall back to prison.
Police may have arrested a local man, from Brighton, who was wanted for a recall to prison.
Police have arrested also a young man from Brighton who was wanted for refusing a voluntary recall to prison.
Actress Lindsay Lohan also wants to also sue Rockstar Games for not being using in GTA V.
Actress Lindsay Vander Lohan wants to sue Rockstar Video Games Entertainment for using in GTA V.
Actress Lindsay Lohan wants fans to not sue Rockstar Games for not using it in GTA V.
Actress Lindsay Lohan also wants to sue Rockstar Video - Arcade Games for using in GTA V.
Actress Lindsay Vander Lohan also wants to sue Rockstar Games for not using in GTA V.
AFC Wimbledon only could face relegation after only being charged twice with fielding an ineligible player.
AFC Wimbledon only players could face after first being charged with fielding in an ineligible player.
AFC Wimbledon could face relegation after being charged twice each with not fielding an ineligible player.
AFC Wimbledon champions Wimbledon could face after being charged with not not fielding an ineligible player.
AFC Wimbledon who could face after being charged with fielding - in - an ineligible player.
Pakistan senior and junior hockey national teams also, will visit Europe.
Pakistan national senior and junior field hockey teams will also visit Europe.
Pakistan national senior football and national junior hockey teams will visit Europe.
Pakistan national senior and international junior field hockey teams will visit Europe.
Pakistan national senior and junior field hockey teams will also visit Europe.
The 14th Dalai Lama Lama said that he too would miss his dear friend Nelson Mandela.
The Dalai Lama Lama said he would always miss seeing his dear friend, Nelson Mandela.
The 14th Dalai Lama said he would miss seeing his dearest friend, Nelson Mandela.
The Dalai Lama also publicly said he would greatly miss his dearest friend Nelson Mandela.
The Dalai Lama Lama said that he would always deeply miss his dear friend Nelson Mandela.
TASMANIANS women are more than likely to be victims only of violence.
TASMANIAN, women, also are more likely to be victims of violence.
TASMANIANS women are more likely to also be the victims of violence.
TASMANIAN women also are more than likely not to be victims of violence.
TASMANIAN women are much more likely to be victims only because of violence.
Manchester United captain Milan Nemanja - Vidic will join FC Inter Milan.
Manchester United'captain Nemanja - Vidic will join FC Inter Milan.
Manchester United'captain Nemanja Vidicci will also join Inter Milan.
Manchester United captain Milan Nemanja Vidicci will also join Inter Milan.
Manchester City United captain Nemanja Vidic will also also join Inter Milan.
A federal judge has denied bond for charging a Henderson County homeless man he deemed an " imminent overwhelming danger danger to " the public.
A federal judge has denied granting a bond for a young Henderson County man he deemed as an overwhelming potential danger threat to the public.
A federal judge who has been recently also denied bond for a Henderson County man whom he deemed an overwhelming danger even to the public.
A federal judge has denied bondage issues for a young Henderson County man he deemed an overwhelming danger available to almost all the public.
A former federal judge who has been denied bond for a Henderson County man he deemed an overwhelming personal danger to all of the public.
Google would not allow it to charge advertisers on a pay - per per per gaze basis.
Google would also allow for it to charge advertisers on a fixed pay - per gaze basis.
Google would allow for it to charge its advertisers fees on only a pay per gaze basis.
Google would allow it to only charge advertisers on only a fixed pay - per gaze basis.
Google would allow it specifically not to directly charge its advertisers on a pay per gaze basis.
Vishal died and Kumar Bhardwaj was forced again to call off his film Haider's shooting.
Vishal Bhardwaj was forced again, to immediately call off his film after Haider's shooting.
Vishal Bhardwaj was forced not to immediately call - off on his film Haider's shooting.
Vishal Bhardwaj was also also later forced to call off his previous film Haider's shooting.
Vishal Singh Bhardwaj was also forced not to call off his film after Haider's shooting.
RSS and the BJP appeared not yet to have reached a consensus.
RSS and BJP appeared to not have yet reached such a consensus.
RSS and BJP leaders also appeared to have reached for a consensus.
RSS and BJP appeared however to not yet have reached a consensus.
RSS and the BJP appeared to have not yet reached a consensus.
The alligator - snapping sea turtle is.
The alligator - like snapping turtle is.
The largest alligator - snapping turtle is.
The largest alligator snapping sea turtle is.
The alligator snapping turtle sea turtle is.
Paul McCartney, who will also bring his Get There world tour to Target Field.
Paul McCartney, will bring his There world concert and tour dates to Target Field.
Paul McCartney will bring his entire Get Out There world tour back to Target Field.
Paul McCartney will bring his Theremin world concert tour back to the Target Field.
Paul Paul McCartney will bring his Theremin world concert tour back to Target Field.
Dorely Industries Inc. has been declared in its quarterly dividend.
Dorel Industries, USA Inc. has also declared its quarterly dividend.
Dorely Industries Inc., has declared its own quarterly dividend.
Dorel Industries Inc. has also declared for its own quarterly dividend.
Dorel Industries Inc., has also declared in its quarterly dividend.
The exercise moves what people are not really doing wrong.
The same exercise moves people who are not doing wrong.
The mental exercise, that moves people are doing wrong.
The exercise moves how people are about not doing wrong.
The whole exercise moves what people are really doing wrong.
Manjula died and Vijayakumar passed away.
Manjula and Vijayakumar has passed away.
Manjula and Vijayakumar has passed away.
Manjula and Lord Vijayakumar passed away.
Manjula Vijayakumar who has passed away.
A piglet virus has hit across to the Stateline.
A piglet flu virus has hit across the Stateline.
A pig virus has been hit all across the Stateline.
A pig virus epidemic has been hit across the Stateline.
A piglet virus has also hit across the Stateline.
Markets here will continue to slowly edge up.
Markets will continue, to slowly edge up.
Markets will just... continue to edge up.
Markets will continue to so slowly edge up.
Markets here will continue only to edge up.
Mexico could legalize medical marijuana within the next next five years.
Mexico City also could legalize medical marijuana within the five years.
Mexico also, could legalize medical marijuana within the five years.
Mexico could not legalize marijuana within the entire next five years.
Mexico could legalize marijuana again within the next twenty five years.
A team led by two computer scientists has developed a completely new approach that now marries simple algorithms to sort cells, up up to 38 times faster.
A team led by computer scientist - scientists has developed a new computational approach that marries simple algorithms to efficiently sort cells up to 38 million times faster.
A team led by two computer scientists has also recently developed, yet again a new approach that marries to sort cells up to about 38 times faster.
A team led mainly and led by computer scientists has also developed a new approach that marries to sort the cells back out up to 38 times faster.
A team, now led mainly funded by computer - scientists has developed a new approach that marries to sort the cells up up to 38 times faster.
The new NBA announced.
The new NBA announced.
The new NBA announced.
The new NBA announced.
The new NBA announced.
Gas prices vary town to corner, and from town to town.
Gas station prices vary to corner and town, and to town.
Gas prices vary to each corner and town and town to town.
Gas station prices can vary to corner shops and town to town.
Gas prices vary to match each corner and town close to town.
A severe cold winter storm pummeled down the East Coast.
A winter dust storm had pummeled down the East Coast.
A severe cold winter storm also pummeled the East Coast.
A winter dust - storm pummeled the entire East Coast.
A winter storm pummeled the almost entire entire East Coast.
Toyo Tires were announced with an improved engine casing warranty.
Toyo Tires also announced models with an improved casing warranty.
Toyo Tires announced an entirely new improved engine casing warranty.
Toyo Suzuki Tires announced with an improved engine casing warranty.
Toyo Tires have also announced an improved engine casing warranty.
Where do i do i buy a vitamin e oil enjoy.
Where do you i buy a vitamin e and oil enjoy.
Where do i buy the vitamins e. oil enjoy.
Where i can do i can buy vitamin e oil enjoy.
Where do you you i can buy vitamin e oil enjoy.
Outsourcery has signed an agreement directly with London University International Business School.
Outsourcery UK has signed an affiliation agreement with London International Business School.
Outsourcery UK has signed an affiliation agreement with London International Business School.
Outsourcery has signed on to an affiliation agreement with London Business School.
Outsourcery International has signed an agreement with London University International Business School.
Bruce Jenner has moved out of his old family home and he is now living almost full - - time in their Malibu rental.
Bruce Jenner has moved out out of his family home, and he is living full time in at their new downtown Malibu rental.
Bruce Jenner, has recently recently moved out out back of his old family home and is living full time in their Malibu rental.
Bruce Jenner III has recently moved out of his family home and he is living full - time living in at their Malibu rental.
Bruce Jenner has moved out out back out of his old family vacation home and he is living full time in their Malibu rental.
ELLENVILLE Police have arrested two suspects, in direct connection with committing an armed bank robbery in the village.
ELLENVILLE Police officers have arrested two suspects in connection with an armed robbery and bank robbery in the village.
ELLENVILLE Police arrested the two other suspects, in connection with an armed bank robbery in near the village.
ELLENVILLE - Police officers have arrested two suspects in connection with an armed bank - robbery in the village.
ELLENVILLE The Police arrested the two other suspects in connection with an armed - robbery case in the village.
The Sporting Car Club will be opening up a brand new cafe.
The Sporting Club and Club will also be opening a new cafe.
The Sporting Club will be now also opening a brand new cafe.
The Sporting Club members will be last seen opening a new cafe.
The National Sporting Club will be opening a new brand new cafe.
Wal - Mart Corporation has now decided to take a plunge in the online money transfer service.
Walvis K - Mart has decided to take on a new plunge in money transfer service.
Wal - Mart Corporation has decided to take a plunge - turn in the money transfer service.
Walvis - Mart has decided to take a plunge in to the new money transfer service.
Wal - Mart Mart has decided to not take a plunge in money - - transfer service.
More than $ 1, 800 of charities are owed money by using the CharityGiving.
More than 1, 800 charities worldwide are owed their money annually by the CharityGiving.
More than 1, 800 charities are being owed money by using of the CharityGiving.
More than 1, 800 registered charitable charities worldwide are owed money by the CharityGiving.
More than 1, 000 800 charities are owed money by using of the CharityGiving.
Chad Michael Murray in a single playoff game again after.
Chad Michael Murray in a hit single, again after.
Chadwick joined Michael Murray in a single again after.
Chad joined with Michael Murray, in single again after.
Chad Michael replaced by Andy Murray in single again after.
Futures prices also edged higher following the first opinion reading on jobless claims and GDP.
Futures also edged higher, following both the reading on jobless employment claims and GDP.
Futures prices edged higher, following the reading out on jobless employment claims and GDP.
Futures prices edged higher following both the reading out on jobless claims, and GDP.
Futures prices edged higher following the reading out on jobless employment, claims and GDP.
Steve Blank, who discusses, about utilizing the lean startup research methodology used in promoting digital health.
Steve Blank, who discusses, about utilizing the new lean startup methodology in actively promoting digital health.
Steve Blank, also discusses, about, utilizing the lean startup methodology used today in digital health.
Steve Blank, discusses, and talks about utilizing the new lean - startup methodology in digital health.
Steve Blank, discusses, talks, about utilizing the lean startup research methodology used in digital health.
EBay could be at the top next Yahoo.
EBay could be at least the next Yahoo.
EBay could be accessed at the next Yahoo.
EBay could be at the very next Yahoo.
EBay could be the very very next Yahoo.
More than than a 1, 000 people were reportedly killed in Iraq in January.
More than than 1, 000 Iraqi people were reportedly killed in Iraq in January.
More than a half a 1, 000 people were killed in Iraq in January.
More than 1, 000 000 people worldwide were reportedly killed in Iraq in January.
More than 1, 000 000 people were killed in northern Iraq beginning in January.
South - African authorities have launched a crackdown based on illegal initiation.
South African military authorities launched into a crackdown on the illegal initiation.
South African authorities launched into a crackdown based on the illegal initiation.
South - African authorities launched into a crackdown based on illegal initiation.
South African authorities have launched into effect a crackdown on illegal initiation.
The Nintendo eShop website is currently only going offline for 12 - hours for maintenance.
The Nintendo eShop service is going offline only for about 12 consecutive hours for maintenance.
The Super Nintendo eShop website is going offline for only about 12 hours for maintenance.
The Nintendo eShops website is going offline for about 12 hours except for maintenance.
The Nintendo DS eShop service is going offline for about 12 consecutive hours for maintenance.
The President, General Sir Pranab Mukherjee, paid homage to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose Chandra Bose.
The Vice President, Sir Pranab Mukherjee, also paid homage to President Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.
The President, Pranabh Chandra Mukherjee, paid homage also to President Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.
The Vice President, Pranab Mukherjee, also paid homage to President, Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.
The President, Sir Pranab Chandra Bose Mukherjee, also paid homage to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.
A man was also struck and killed by hitting a freight train in the Chicago Heights.
A young man was reportedly also struck and killed by a freight train in Chicago Heights.
A man was struck, and was nearly killed by a train in the Chicago Heights.
A man nearby was struck down and killed accidentally by a train car in Chicago Heights.
A man was struck upside down and killed instantly by a train in the Chicago Heights.
Alison Sweeney is leaving Days Are Running Out of Our Lives.
Alison Sweeney Todd is leaving Days of Glory All Our Lives.
Alison Sweeney Todd is leaving Days Are Out of Our Lives.
Alison, the Sweeney is leaving Days of All Our Lives.
Alison the Sweeney, is leaving for Days of Our Lives.
PAKISTAN secretly approved use instead of drone attacks.
PAKISTAN secretly has approved of the drone attacks.
PAKISTAN secretly also has approved of drone attacks.
PAKISTAN also secretly approved of the drone attacks.
PAKISTAN secretly approved the use of drone attacks.
Texas Baseball has announced it will not even play fall exhibition games.
Texas Baseball announced it also will not only play fall exhibition games.
Texas Baseball has announced it also will play fall season exhibition games.
Texas Baseball announced that it also will not play fall exhibition games.
Texas Baseball announced that 2017 it also will play fall exhibition games.
The Ethiopian International Airlines inaugurated a direct flight service to Singapore.
The Ethiopian Airlines inaugurated with it a scheduled flight to Singapore.
The new Ethiopian Airlines inaugurated it with a flight to Singapore.
The Ethiopian Airlines was also inaugurated with a flight to Singapore.
The Ethiopian International Airlines inaugurated a flight service back to Singapore.
Crude Mountain Oil found in it a support around 97. 00.
Crude Oil found a financial financial support support around 97. 00.
Crude Oil has found a total support of around 97. 00.
Crude Oils found in it a support around 97. 00.
Crude Oil had found a financial support around $ 97. 00.
Outfit Five Iron Frenzy Productions are shooting a brand new new live music video this weekend.
Outfit Five Iron Frenzy are also shooting a new new music video and video this weekend.
Outfit Five Iron Frenzy are shooting a new music mini - video for them this weekend.
Outfit Five and Iron Frenzy, are shooting a new brand new music video this weekend.
Outfit Five Iron Frenzy are shooting a brand new music video mini - video this weekend.
David John Flitcroft, has called for patience.
David Flitcroft has also called out for patience.
David Flitcroft, has also called for patience.
David John Flitcroft has called out for patience.
David Flitcroft has called him out for patience.
FOX Sports Florida, the home of the Florida State University Panthers, also, will debut.
FOXE Sports Florida, the home team of the expansion Florida State Panthers, will debut.
FOX Fox Sports Central Florida, as the home of the expansion Florida Panthers, will debut.
FOX Sports Florida, the new home of the newly expansion Florida Panthers, also will debut.
FOX Sports Sports Sports Central Florida, formerly the home of the Florida Panthers, will debut.
24 million farmers have committed mass suicide in last about 15 days.
24 million rice farmers have committed suicides in last 15 days.
24 farmers may have committed mass - suicide in last 15 days.
24 farmers have also committed suicide in the last about 15 days.
24 farmers have committed suicides, in the last 15 days.
An man who died has died while waiting for an ambulance.
An man who has died waiting outside asks for an ambulance.
An man has died, apparently while waiting for an ambulance.
An man has already nearly died waiting for such an ambulance.
An man has died while still waiting outside for an ambulance.
The St. Lawrence Seaway has been officially opened up for its 2014 season.
The Greater St. Lawrence Seaway has opened it up for its 2014 season.
The East St. Lawrence Seaway has opened up again for its 2014 season.
The St. Lawrence Seaway Terminal has been opened for its inaugural 2014 season.
The East Branch St. Lawrence Seaway has been opened for its 2014 season.
There's a new game trailer released for Pokémon XY & YY that features horde battles.
There's a new trailer game for Pokémon X & Pokémon Y that also also features horde battles.
There's a brand new trailer for Pokémon XY & Y that will also features horde battles.
There's a new trailer game released for Pokémon X & Y 2 that also features horde battles.
There's also a new trailer, for Pokémon X & Y, that features Pokémon horde battles.
Andhra Pradesh should also not be kept united.
Andhra Pradesh should also be better kept united.
Andhra - Pradesh should be also kept united.
Andhra Andhra Pradesh state should be kept united.
Andhra - Pradesh state should be kept united.
CONCACAF Police has also identified a suspect, accused of attempting to bribe the two Belize players.
CONCACAF has also identified a suspect, accused of attempting to bribe the two other Belize players.
CONCACAF has identified as a possible suspect accused of attempting unsuccessfully to bribe the two Belize players.
CONCACAF has identified with him as a suspect accused of of attempting to bribe two Belize players.
CONCACAF has identified a suspect accused of rape of attempting to sexually bribe the two Belize players.
Motorhead have postponed their 2014 European summer concert tour until February 2014.
Motorhead would have postponed their European tour date up until February 2014.
Motorhead have postponed their European summer concert and tour until February 2014.
Motorhead would have also postponed their European concert tour until February 2014.
Motorhead Records have postponed their 2014 European tour date until February 2014.
The new Iraqi parliament unanimously approved the new election law.
The Iraqi parliament approved of adopting the new election law.
The Iraqi national parliament approved the new national election law.
The new elected Iraqi parliament approved the new election law.
The Iraqi parliament approved the proposed and new election law.
The United Arab States has deeply regretted India, and felt it to expel an diplomat.
The ruling United States has deeply - regretted that India felt it to expel an diplomat.
The United States has also reportedly deeply regretted India felt for it to expel an diplomat.
The then United - States deeply regretted India felt it to not expel such an diplomat.
The United Arab States deeply regretted India and felt it to not expel such an diplomat.
A. DAGENHAMY A young teen has been charged with sexual assault, burglary and trespassing.
A DAGENHAM teen has been charged, including twice with sexual sexual assault, burglary and trespassing.
A former DAGENHAM teen has been charged, twice with attempted sexual assault, burglary and trespassing.
A DAGENHAMY teen has been repeatedly and falsely charged with sexual assault, burglary and trespassing.
A DAGENHAM teen - girl has been charged with attempted sexual assault, attempted burglary and trespassing.
Hong - Kong, confirmed its first human case of causing the deadly deadly H7N9 bird - flu, according to a report.
Hong Kong, confirmed with its the very first human case of causing the H7N9 bird flu, according to to a report.
Hong Kong, confirmed with its very first human confirmed case of causing of the H7N9 bird flu, according to a report.
Hong Kong, confirmed with its first human case of, the H7N91, a bird flu, according to a report.
Hong Kong, confirmed its first human case of causing of the rare human H7N91 bird flu, according to a report.
Dallas Lone - Stars Ryan Ryan Garbutt has been fined for spearing.
Dallas Lone Stars Ryan Garbutt, has been heavily fined for spearing.
Dallas / Lone Stars Ryan Garbutt, has been fined for spearing.
Dallas Stars Ryan and Wayne Garbutt has been heavily fined for spearing.
Dallas Stars Ryan Garbutt has also been fined twice, for spearing.
Gov. Chris Christie today has not released a full medical summary.
Gov. Massachusetts Governor Chris Christie today released a full medical summary.
Gov. Chris Christie has today officially released him a medical summary.
Gov. Chrissie Christie today released him with a medical summary.
Gov. Chris Christie today has not released a detailed medical summary.
Bradley Manning was also later sentenced to over 35 years.
Bradley - Manningham was sentenced to over 35 years.
Bradley Johnson Johnson - Manning was sentenced to 35 years.
Bradley - Michael Manning was sentenced up to 35 years.
Bradley - Manning was sentenced upfront to 35 years.
Angola has become the first African country anywhere in the Muslim holy world to ban Islam.
Angola, has become the first country in the Muslim world not allowed to ban Islam.
Angola, has since then become the very first country in the world to ban Islam.
Angola has become possibly the very first Muslim country in all the world to ban Islam.
Angola, has become the first country in the entire African Muslim world to ban Islam.
Israel also has carried out joint missile - test in the Mediterranean Sea.
Israel carried out joint ballistic missile test flights in the eastern Mediterranean Sea.
Israel carried - out joint missile test flights in both the Mediterranean Sea.
Israel carried out successfully a joint missile test in the eastern Mediterranean Sea.
Israel carried - out joint ballistic missile test flights in the Mediterranean Sea.
NBC plans to also air in a new miniseries starring as Secretary and President Hillary Clinton.
NBC plans to air a miniseries starring as both Defense Secretary Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.
NBC has plans to air such a miniseries, starring as Defense Secretary and Hillary Clinton.
NBC plans to air a miniseries starring him as Defense Department Secretary and Senator Hillary Clinton.
NBC plans it to later also air a miniseries starring as Secretary and Senator Hillary Clinton.
A young Burnaby man is facing charges in the assault of a young, openly lesbian couple.
A Burnaby maniac is facing charges in investigating for the assault of both a lesbian couple.
A former Burnaby maniac is also facing charges in the assaulting of a lesbian couple.
A Burnaby gay man is facing criminal charges in the alleged sexual assault of a lesbian couple.
A Burnaby maniac who is facing charges, in investigating the assault of a lesbian couple.
Pakistan has the potential to also potentially also become regional transit trade hub.
Pakistan has shown the potential to also become regional transit and trade hub.
Pakistan has the great economic potential to become regional transit and trade hub.
Pakistan has the potential to eventually also become regional rail transit trade hub.
Pakistan has the potential to also become a major regional transit trade hub.
Taylor Swift's never really had ever been the perfect fit with someone.
Taylor - Swift's mother never had been the perfect fit with someone.
Taylor Swift's never had been in quite the perfect fit with someone.
Taylor Swift's character never had been the perfect fit for with someone.
Taylor Swift's character never had the perfect fit - for with someone.
Enemaltas has today suspended another employee.
Enemaltas has today suspended another employee.
Enemalta today has also suspended another employee.
Enemaltas today has suspended another employee.
Enemalta today has also suspended another employee.
A Japanese minister visited a controversial former North Korean war shrine.
A Japanese minister visited on such a highly controversial war shrine.
A senior Japanese minister visited at such a controversial war shrine.
A Japanese minister has also once visited a controversial war shrine.
A Japanese deputy prime minister also visited a controversial war shrine.
Namco Bandai filed two or more different Tales of War trademarks in Japan.
Namco Bandai filed two or more Tales Tales Tales of trademarks in Japan.
Namco Bandai Corporation has filed two more Tales of War trademarks in Japan.
Namco Bandai has since filed two more Tales out of trademarks in Japan.
Namco Bandai Corporation has filed two more Tales out of trademarks in Japan.
A 4. 5 million smartphones were either lost, or stolen in almost all the US last year.
A 4. 5 million pairs of smartphones were lost, stolen or stolen in the US last year.
A 4. 5 million million mobile smartphones worldwide were lost or stolen in entering the US last year.
A 4. 5 million smartphones were either lost or stolen in the US market, alone last year.
A 4. 5 million of smartphones were lost or were stolen in the entire Western US last year.
Nearly 1, 000 Iraqis have reportedly also been killed, throughout September.
Nearly 1, 000 Iraqis may have also been also killed throughout September.
Nearly 1, 000 Iraqis have been also reported as killed throughout September.
Nearly over 1, 000 seriously wounded Iraqis have been killed throughout September.
Nearly over a 1, 000 Iraqis have also been killed throughout September.
India today condemned all the recent deadly terrorist attack in China.
India government has today strongly condemned the terrorist attack in China.
India has today strongly condemned the terrorist attack committed in China.
India has today condemned all the terrorist attack committed in China.
India today condemned the terrorist attack committed earlier than in China.
I had had an earlier experience which I assumed was a condition they called the thumps.
I had had an experience I assumed was only in a condition called for the thumps.
I had an experience I now assumed was in a condition they called all the thumps.
I had an experience I always had assumed was in a medical condition called the thumps.
I had had an experience I had assumed it was a condition called for the thumps.
A former McDowell County woman is charged, together with her husband's death.
A McDowell County jail woman is charged with investigating after her husband's death.
A McDowell County woman is also currently being charged with her husband's death.
A former McDowell County jail woman, is charged with her husband's death.
A McDowelle Lake County woman is charged with her late husband's death.
The Syrian government is also threatening for Syria to withdraw early on from peace talks.
The Syrian government is threatening Syria to eventually withdraw too - early from peace talks.
The Syrian government itself is threatening to temporarily temporarily withdraw early from the peace talks.
The ruling Syrian Arab Republic government is threatening to withdraw early from the peace talks.
The Syrian government is also reportedly threatening to temporarily withdraw troops early from peace talks.
The Western US created over a 148, 000 new jobs in September.
The US created nearly a 148, 000 jobs - shortage in September.
The Western US economy has created a 148, 000 jobs in September.
The new US government created a record 148, 000 jobs in September.
The US government created a 148, 000 of new jobs in September.
No other country alone can achieve its progress in isolation.
No one single country alone can achieve progress in isolation.
No country can ever achieve its own progress in isolation.
No country can achieve such progress, even in isolation.
No country can achieve such a progress even in isolation.
Police officers who are investigating a bank robbery Hartford around around 9 am.
Police are investigating a possible bank robbery robbery in Hartford around 9 am.
Police are now reportedly also investigating a bank robbery Hartford around 9 am.
Police are investigating a bank robbery Hartford Motorcycle City around 9 am.
Police are investigating for a bank robbery robbery in Hartford around 9 am.
Rostelecom has deployed a content - content delivery network, featuring Ericsson technology.
Rostelecomm has deployed a content content - delivery network featuring Ericsson technology.
Rostelecom has deployed a content delivery server network, also featuring Ericsson technology.
Rostelecom has deployed a content delivery network, featuring Sony and Ericsson technology.
Rostelecom has also deployed a content - delivery network, featuring Ericsson technology.
LG is holding, to, launch the brand new third generation product line of heat recovery and heat pump system.
LGL is holding, to, launch the new generation line up of heat recovery and heat recovery pump system.
LG is holding, to, launch the new generation line up of heat recovery system and heat recovery pump system.
LG is holding, to launch the very first ever new generation system of heat recovery and heat - pump system.
LG is also also currently holding, to launch, the new generation of heat - recovery and heat pump system.
Daniel Agger feels that he belongs in the famous Liverpool City FC team.
Daniel Agger feels strongly that he belongs in with the Liverpool FC team.
Daniel Aggers feels he belongs back in with the Liverpool FC team.
Daniel Agger feels that he belongs back in with the Liverpool FC team.
Daniel Van Agger feels that he still belongs in the Liverpool FC team.
Fat shaming it is like throwing stones together in a big glass house.
Fat shaming it is like throwing large stones in to a glass house.
Fat shaming is like throwing two stones back together in a glass house.
Fat shaming is more like someone throwing stones in to a glass house.
Fat shaming is more much like throwing stones than in a glass house.
A hunter himself, was also killed by a falling tree branch.
A hunter himself was also killed by a large falling tree branch.
A hunter was killed almost accidentally by a sudden falling tree branch.
A local hunter was killed by hitting on a falling tree branch.
A hunter himself was killed by a large, falling tree branch.
The women's fencing team improved it to 15 3 with a 3 - 0 on final day in Durham, in southern New Hampshire.
The women's fencing team improved up slightly, to 15 3 0 with a perfect 15 3 0 day in Durham, New Hampshire.
The women's national fencing team record has improved to a 15 3 with only a 15 3 0 day in Durham, New Hampshire.
The Team USA women's fencing team has improved up to a 15 - 3 with a 3 0 day in Durham, New Hampshire.
The Team USA women's fencing team improved to 15 3 with a + 2 3 0 per day in Durham, in New Hampshire.
About 3, 300 Syrian refugees have arrived, mainly settling in Italy.
About another 3, 000 300 Syrian refugees may have arrived in Italy.
About 3, 300 Syrian Muslim refugees also have recently arrived in Italy.
About 3, 300 Syrian refugees have also arrived, mainly in Italy.
About 3, 000 300 Syrian Muslim refugees also have arrived in Italy.
Leader and Sheila Dikshit was sworn - in in office as Kerala Governor.
Leader and Sheila Dikshit was also later sworn - in as Kerala Governor.
Leader and Sheila Dikshit was sworn - in to office as Kerala Governor.
Leader resigned, and Sheila Dikshit was sworn in as the Kerala Governor.
Leader and Sheila Dikshit was sworn in as was the then Kerala Governor.
Robb confronted Lamar.
Robb confronted Lamar.
Robb confronted Lamar.
Robb confronted Lamar.
Robb confronted Lamar.
Now we just need a Deferred - Annexation bill.
Now we need a whole new De - Annexation bill.
Now, we need a De - Ban Annexation bill.
Now we need for example a De - Annexation bill.
Now we need for a new De - Annexation bill.
Israel has intercepted such a rocket over its coastal resort city.
Israel intercepted a rocket over its southernmost coastal resort city.
Israel also intercepted one such a rocket over its resort city.
Israel intercepted a single Syrian rocket overran its resort city.
Israel also intercepted a rocket strike mission over its resort city.
A further third former judge died.
A further third former judge died.
A further third former judge died.
A third, former judge died.
A former district court judge died.
Ukrainian troops took over control south of a checkpoint just north of Slaviansk.
Ukrainian troops also took control south of a checkpoint and north of Slaviansk.
Ukrainian troops also took control of a border checkpoint north west of Slaviansk.
Ukrainian government troops took control of at a checkpoint just north of Slaviansk.
Ukrainian troops also took control just south of a checkpoint north of Slaviansk.
A South - Carolina man is accused of sexually neglecting his now recently bedridden girlfriend.
A South Carolina man who is accused again of sexually neglecting his recently bedridden girlfriend.
A young South Carolina, young man is accused falsely of neglecting his bedridden girlfriend.
A young South Carolina man who is falsely accused of neglecting his recently bedridden girlfriend.
A South - Carolina young man is accused of sexual neglecting by his bedridden girlfriend.
The US Justice Department also has reached an agreement to allow the proposed merger of the US Airways International Corporation and American Airlines.
The US Federal Justice Department also more recently has reached an agreement to allow the merger of US Airways and North American Airlines.
The US Justice Department has reached an interim agreement to allow the merger of with both US Airways and with North American Airlines.
The US US Justice Department has reached into law an agreement to not allow the merger of US Airways Corporation and American Airlines.
The US Justice Department has reached an agreement to allow for the controversially proposed merger of US World Airways and American Airlines.
Charles de Sobhraj worked as an arms broker - dealer for Taliban.
Charles Sobhraj worked there as well both an arms dealer for Taliban.
Charles Sobhraj worked as an international arms - dealer working for Taliban.
Charles Sobhraj worked there briefly as an international arms dealer for Taliban.
Charles John Sobhraj, has worked as an arms dealer for Taliban.
A Chandler family member is worried someone may also possibly be poisoning cats.
A local Chandler crime family is worried someone else may be poisoning cats.
A wealthy Chandler family is worried that someone may be accidentally poisoning cats.
A wealthy Chandler family is also worried someone may also be poisoning cats.
A wealthy Chandler family is worried someone may also be accidentally poisoning cats.
Fireworks have also lit up the night sky high above Edinburgh, to herald the New Year.
Fireworks have been lit up in the night sky above downtown Edinburgh to herald the New Year.
Fireworks have already lit up the sky above Edinburgh to heralding with it the New Year.
Fireworks have lit up the skyline above central Edinburgh to heralding the Scottish New Year.
Fireworks have lit up up the skyline above Edinburgh to herald the Scottish Scottish New Year.
Teachers who will not be named and shamed.
Teachers will not be publicly named and shamed.
Teachers who will be named, and shamed.
Teachers will be publicly named, and shamed.
Teachers will be publicly named, and shamed.
A drunk driver had just about crashed a pickup truck into someone's yard in Antioch.
A driver crashed a pickup truck right into the old someone's yard back in Antioch.
A driver had crashed a pickup truck into someone's yard back home, in Antioch.
A driver had crashed into a pickup - truck into someone's front yard in Antioch.
A driver had crashed a pickup - truck into someone's yard, back in Antioch.
THEY'VE for another three years, but Miranda Kerr and actor Orlando Bloom both have confirmed at the end date of their their marriage.
THEY'VE married twice for three years, but Miranda Kerr and Orlando Bloom have been confirmed at the end date of both their marriage.
THEY'VE for three more more years, but writer Miranda Kerr and actor, Orlando Bloom may have confirmed the end of their marriage.
THEY'VE for another three years, but Miranda Kerr and actor Orlando Bloom, have not confirmed the true happy end of their marriage.
THEY'VE for three more years, but both Miranda Kerr and Orlando in Bloom have confirmed the end date date date of their marriage.
Aker Solutions has until today agreed to sell its mooring systems and loading control and systems business to Cargotec.
Aker Solutions has today agreed to sell its mooring control systems and ship loading systems business back to Cargotec.
Aker Solutions Ltd has today agreed to completely or sell off its mooring and loading systems business to Cargotec.
Aker Solutions has today officially agreed to sell off almost all its mooring and loading systems business to Cargotec.
Aker Solutions has today agreed not to sell its offshore mooring and ship loading control systems business to Cargotec.
At least twenty nine more wounded Syrians were executed at a checkpoint.
At least nine other Syrians killed were later executed at a checkpoint.
At least nine Syrians killed were later executed at such a checkpoint.
At - least twenty nine Syrians were also executed at a checkpoint.
At least nine Syrians were also reportedly executed at such a checkpoint.
Police also have banned passenger - transport on second hand tractor trailers.
Police also have also banned passenger transport on second hand tractor trailers.
Police have banned all passenger - transport on second hand tractor trailers.
Police have also banned all passenger vehicle transport on hand tractor trailers.
Police also have banned passenger self - transport on hand tractor trailers.
There are no laws empowering to stop the aged aircraft from flying in to our airspace.
There are now also absolutely and no laws empowering to stop aged aircraft flying our airspace.
There are no international laws empowering us to stop aged military aircraft flying in our airspace.
There really are no new international aviation laws empowering to stop aged aircraft flying our airspace.
There really there really are no laws empowering to stop aged aircraft from flying our airspace.
Elizabeth Hope Olsen is cast in the new American Young Avengers flick.
Elizabeth Olsen, is cast again in the new Young Avengers flick.
Elizabeth Olsen is cast again in the upcoming brand new Avengers flick.
Elizabeth Hope Olsen, is cast in the first new Avengers flick.
Elizabeth Olsen is not cast again in all the new Avengers flick.
An $ $ 500, 000 worth of bikes, that were stolen last year were in Fort Collins.
An $ 500, 000 worth of bikes followed that were stolen the last full year in Fort Collins.
An $ " 500, 000 worth " of bikes were stolen last year, in downtown Fort Collins.
An $ $ 500, 000 worth of bikes that were also allegedly stolen last year in Fort Collins.
An $ $ 500, 000 worth of bikes that were allegedly stolen late last year in Fort Collins.
The first official new look has been revealed.
The very first look inside has been revealed.
The first look however has not been revealed.
The first look inside has not been revealed.
The first look inside has not been revealed.
North - Korea fired missiles deep into South Korean waters.
North - Korea fired into South China - Korean waters.
North Korea also fired into South - North Korean waters.
North Korea fired two missiles into the South Korean waters.
North Korea also reportedly fired into South - Korean waters.
A black squirrel stretches out to get to near the bird feeder.
A squirrel stretches to get close to near the nearest bird feeder.
A squirrel stretches out to get us closer to the bird feeder.
A squirrelman stretches to get closer to reach the bird feeder.
A squirrel stretches to almost get close to near the bird feeder.
Narendra Modi has credibility while the BJP is needed to help help and bring a lot more of change.
Narendra Prasad Modi has credibility while saying the new BJP has needed to bring about a lot of change.
Narendra Modi still has credibility while saying the ruling BJP needed it to help bring a lot of change.
Narendra Prasad Modi has credibility, while the ruling BJP has needed it to bring a lot of change.
Narendra Modi also has lost credibility while saying the BJP has needed something to bring a lot of change.
What the Platonist would say.
What the hell Plato would say.
What if Plato himself would say.
What else the Plato would say.
What Plato himself himself would say.
They will also will simplify the VAT to an extent a common working man who can easily pay tax.
They will also simplifying the VAT system to an extent a common man can not easily pay tax.
They will simplify the VAT to such great an extent a poorer common man can easily pay tax.
They are and also will simplify VAT to such an extent a common man can easily not pay tax.
They will simplify VAT to such great an extent that even a common man can easily not pay tax.
Dera Ismail Khan - Khan - Sectarian violence spread rapidly in Pakistan.
Dera - Ismail Khan - Sectarian violence spread rapidly elsewhere in Pakistan.
Dera Shaheed Ismail Khan - Sectarian violence spread rapidly in Pakistan.
Dera Ismail Khan - Sectarian violence has also spread widely in Pakistan.
Dera Shah Ismail Khan - Sectarian religious violence has spread in Pakistan.
Gautam Buddha - Gambhir urged all his fans to donate their organs.
Gautam Buddha Gambhiri urged his fans to donate all their organs.
Gautam Gambhir urged his cricketing Indian fans to donate their organs.
Gautam Gambhir urged his fans not to not only donate their organs.
Gautam Gambhir urged his cricket fans to voluntarily donate all their organs.
Auckland Rugby League Nines post match interview.
Auckland Rugby Nines, post match interview.
Auckland Rugby Nines post - match interview.
Auckland Nines - post - match interview.
Auckland Rugby Nines, post match interview.
The United States has announced almost a half year of total ban on all ivory trade.
The continental US United States government has announced a new total ban on all ivory trade.
The United States has also announced against a totalitarian ban on almost all ivory trade.
The Western United States government has announced a totalitarian economic ban on all ivory trade.
The United States has also recently announced a total bans on almost all ivory trade.
City Hall administration has arrested the three profiteers, and fined 85 others.
City administration has arrested three profiteers, convicted and fined over 85 others.
City administration also has arrested three profiteers, and fined over 85 others.
City hall administration has arrested three profiteers and police has fined 85 others.
City hall administration has arrested all the three profiteers and fined 85 others.
Two new partnerships are putting more positive emphasis on the new social space.
Two new partnerships are putting emphasis more heavily on the new social space.
Two new social partnerships are emerging, putting emphasis on the social space.
Two new social partnerships are putting emphasis on the new new social space.
Two, new partnerships, are putting emphasis more on the social space.
Christine Jane McVieve is expected to also rejoin Fleetwood Mac.
Christine McVie is also now expected to officially rejoin Fleetwood Mac.
Christine McVie is also expected not to eventually rejoin Fleetwood Mac.
Christine McVie is expected to also eventually rejoin with Fleetwood Mac.
Christine McVieve is expected soon to rejoin with Fleetwood Mac.
A Sylmar couple whose member has been falsely charged with human - trafficking and slavery.
A former Sylmar Island married couple has been charged with human - trafficking and slavery.
A Sylmar couple has also been charged variously, with child human trafficking and slavery.
A Sylmar Rhode Island couple has been charged with child human trafficking, and slavery.
A former Sylmar couple has been charged with human - animal trafficking, and slavery.
LAX City Councilman Jose Huizar has also recently been accused of alleged sexual harassment.
LA City Council - Councilman Juan Jose Huizarro has been accused of sexual harassment.
LAX City - Councilman Jose Huizarro has been accused repeatedly of sexual harassment.
LA City Councilman Jose Antonio Huizar has also been also accused of sexual sexual harassment.
LAX City City Councilman Jose Antonio Huizar has been accused repeatedly of sexual harassment.
Fahid Ben Ali and Ben Khalfallah joined the club Troyes.
Fahid Ben Ali Ben Ali Khalfallah joined the club Troyes.
Fahid Ben Khalfallah also joined the new French club Troyes.
Fahid Ben Khalfallah has also later joined the club Troyes.
Fahid Ben - El Khalfallah joined the French club Troyes.
Tony Romolo then met with and passing Scott Linehan.
Tony Stewart, and Romo met and passing Scott Linehan.
Tony Romolo met and then began passing Scott Linehan.
Tony Romolo met and began passing for Scott Linehan.
Tony Romolo met passing him and passing Scott Linehan.
Kevin Cahill said publicly that he strongly supports a study AARP conducted that found an independent advocate should be assisting.
Kevin Cahill said he strongly supports a study AARP found an independent independent advocate should " not necessarily be assisting.
Kevin Cahill said he supports a study of the AARP found evidence that an independent independent advocate should be assisting.
Kevin - Michael Cahill said he supports homosexuality in a study AARP found an independent LGBT advocate should be assisting.
Kevin Michael Cahill said if he supports funding a study of AARP found an independent advocate should not be assisting.
Sushil Kumar and Koirala assumed office.
Sushil Koirala, then assumed office.
Sushil Kumar Kumar Koirala assumed office.
Sushil Kumar Koirala later assumed office.
Sushil Koirala then officially assumed office.
Attorneys responsible for that filed a federal lawsuit for a " same sex couple were.
Attorneys that filed a lawsuit for a same - - sex married married couple were.
Attorneys that filed for a civil lawsuit for not marrying a same sex couple were.
Attorneys for that filed a civil - rights lawsuit for a same sex couple were.
Attorneys who that have filed for a lawsuit for a lesbian same sex couple were.
The Buffalo Bills and Bills have brought back Brian Moorman.
The Buffalo - Bills have brought - back Brian Moorman.
The Bills also would have also brought back Brian Moorman.
The Bills have also brought - back quarterback Brian Moorman.
The Bills have brought back their quarterback, Brian Moorman.
Governor Tom Tom Corbett, also has issued a disaster emergency declaration.
Governor Tom Corbett has issued Corbett a national natural disaster emergency declaration.
Governor, Tom Corbett also, has issued a disaster emergency declaration.
Governor Tom Tom Corbett has not yet issued a disaster emergency declaration.
Governor Tom Tom Corbett has issued a national disaster and emergency declaration.
Qantas would face the national public interest tests.
Qantas would face all the national interest tests.
Qantas pilots would face national - interest tests.
Qantas would not face national - interest tests.
Qantas TV commercials would face national interest tests.
United Airlines will eventually also furloughing nearly 700 flight attendants.
United Airlines itself will furlough its own nearly 700 flight attendants.
United Airlines will also furlough nearly all 700 female flight attendants.
United States Airlines will furlough nearly 7000 female flight attendants.
United States Airlines will furlough nearly 7000 female flight attendants.
A man was arrested and he faces all eight charges, not including DUI.
A man was arrested, and faces eight criminal conspiracy charges, including DUI.
A man who also was arrested and now faces eight charges, including DUI.
A third man was arrested, and faces all eight charges, including DUI.
A man also was arrested and faces all eight charges, not including DUI.
Frontiers Band will also perform Saturday nights at Boylan High School.
Frontiers Band will perform every Saturday at Boylan County High School.
Frontiers will also perform Saturday nights at the Boylan High School.
Frontiers will also perform live every Saturday at Boylan High School.
Frontiers Band will perform every other Saturday at Boylan High School.
Nelson Mandela remains quite ill and is by now unable even to speak.
Nelson Mandela remains quite ill and is now unable, even to speak.
Nelson Mandela remains also physically quite ill and he is unable to speak.
Nelson - Mandela remains physically quite ill and he is unable to speak.
Nelson Mandela remains quite physically ill and is thus often unable to speak.
Opponents ahead of the Keystone XL oil gas pipeline celebrated with the completions of a barn being built in the pipeline project's path.
Opponents ahead of the Keystone XL oil pipelines celebrated all this with the completion of a barn built in along the project's path.
Opponents of the Keystone XLV crude oil pipeline celebrated this with the completion of a new barn built directly in the project's path.
Opponents ahead of the Keystone A - XL oil pipeline celebrated the successful 2009 completion of a barn built in the pipeline project's path.
Opponents supportive of building the Keystone XL oil pipeline celebrated with the near completion with of a barn built directly in the project's path.
Engineers should equip them themselves with advanced engineering knowledge to meet all the modern - day challenges.
Engineers should equip them and themselves with advanced knowledge needed to better meet the modern day challenges.
Engineers should equip themselves well with advanced technical knowledge to meet almost all the modern day challenges.
Engineers therefore should equip for them themselves with advanced knowledge to meet the modern - day challenges.
Engineers should also equip themselves with the advanced knowledge to effectively meet the most modern day challenges.
East Amwell may not have its officers, but perhaps it does also not have both the two forces writing tickets.
East of Amwell it may not have its officers, but it most probably does have two armed forces writing tickets.
East Amwell station may not actually have its own officers, but perhaps it does have two forces for writing tickets.
East of Amwell may still not even have its officers, but still it does have the two forces writing tickets.
East Amwell may as well not have ever had its officers, but perhaps it does have two forces writing tickets.
JJ Redicky who then will come off the bench.
JJ and Redick will both come off of the bench.
JJ and Redick will not come off of the bench.
JJ and Redicka will come off of the bench.
JJ Redicky will come down right off the bench.
The Doracheva became the first female Soviet woman to ever win three biathlon golds each at any one Olympics.
The Doracheva team became the first woman to win all three consecutive Olympic biathlon golds, at one Olympics.
The Doracheva became the first woman to win all her three Olympic and biathlon golds, at one Olympics.
The Doracheva team became the very first Soviet woman ever to win three biathlon golds each at one Olympics.
The relatively young Doracheva became possibly also the first woman to win three biathlon relay golds at one Olympics.
Shinde has a simple life far beyond Patna.
Shindee has a life far beyond Patna.
Shinde has a life far far beyond Patna.
Shinde has lived a simple life beyond Patna.
Shindee has a good life beyond Patna.
Aarons and Ramsey scored twice and twice to help Arsenal beat Cardiff 3 0.
Aaron Ramsey also scored twice to help help Arsenal to eventually beat Cardiff 3 0.
Aaron Ramsey also scored twice to help Arsenal beat rivals Cardiff City by 3 0.
Aaron Ramsey scored twice to also help help lead Arsenal to beat Cardiff 3 0.
Aarons Ramsey also scored twice twice to help lead Arsenal beat Cardiff 3 0.
A man had also died in an earlier ATV crash.
A man also died, in an early ATV crash.
A man also died, in an earlier ATV crash.
A third man also died in causing an ATV crash.
A third man also died in causing an ATV crash.
Jameis Winston completed it after all to help lead No. 11 Florida State to a comeback victory at Pittsburgh.
Jameis and Winston completed to lead No. 1 11 seed, Florida State University to a victory at Pittsburgh.
Jameis and Winston completed to lead No. 11 Florida - State to a victory, right away at Pittsburgh.
Jameis Winston completed to lead the No. 11 Florida Gulf State Hurricanes to a comeback victory away at Pittsburgh.
Jameis and Winstone completed to lead No. 2 11 Florida State University to a victory away at Pittsburgh.
The Boston Bruins clinched the teams second top seed in both both the Eastern Conference.
The expansion Boston - Bruins clinched as the second top seed in the Eastern Conference.
The Boston - Bruins clinched as the second top seed team in the Eastern Conference.
The Boston Bruins clinched as the two teams second top seed in the Eastern Conference.
The Boston - Bruins also clinched the top seed in both the NHL Eastern Conference.
A Crisfield accountant is now facing off a whole slew of new charges.
A former Crisfield accountant who is now facing a slew of new charges.
A Crisfield County public accountant is facing a whole slew of new charges.
A Crisfield accountant who is facing quite a slews of new charges.
A former Crisfield accountant is now facing a whole slew of new charges.
An orphaned female female Asiatic black bear cub, was rescued.
An orphaned South Asiatic black - bear cub also was rescued.
An orphaned South Asiatic black - bear - cub was rescued.
An orphaned Asiatic - black bear - cub - was rescued.
An apparently orphaned Asiatic black bear - like cub was rescued.
President George W. H W Bush has also successfully undergone a heart procedure.
President George. W. Bush has successfully never undergone such a heart procedure.
President, George W. Bush, has successfully also undergone a heart procedure.
President, President, George W. Bush has successfully undergone a heart procedure.
President George. W. Bush, who has successfully undergone a heart procedure.
Peter Andre is to also " become " a father " for a third time is.
Peter - Andre is about to finally " become a father for a third time is.
Peter Andre is about to become such as a father for a third time time is.
Peter says that Andre who is to become such a father for a third time is.
Peter Andre is set to " also become a father for a third time time is.
A woman who escaped was arrested after she allegedly stabbed her boyfriend.
A young woman was also arrested after she allegedly stabbed her boyfriend.
A young woman was also arrested after admitting she stabbed her boyfriend.
A woman who escaped was arrested shortly after she stabbed her boyfriend.
A woman was arrested, after allegedly admitting she stabbed her boyfriend.
The United Nations also has repeatedly called on Iraq, Iraq to halt all executions after 42 people worldwide were hanged.
The United Nations also called on Iraq, to halt almost all executions, even after 42 people worldwide were hanged.
The United Nations called on Iraqi President Iraq, and reportedly to halt all public executions after 42 people were hanged.
The United Nations also repeatedly, called on Iraq, not to halt almost all executions after 42 people were hanged.
The United Nations called on President Iraq, to halt all any further public executions after 42 people worldwide were hanged.
Residents also are unable to directly dial 911.
Residents are unable to even immediately dial 911.
Residents are also unable not to dial 911.
Residents are also unable to even dial 911.
Residents are unable as yet to dial 911.
Narayana Saikumar underwent a potency test.
Narayana Sai underwent a positive potency test.
Narayana Sai underwent only a potency test.
Narayana Sai underwent a positive potency test.
Narayan Sai underwent not only a potency test.
A woman died after her car window was hit by a lorry and she was being dragged for it about 150m.
A woman was also later died after when her motor car was hit by a lorry and dragged for about 150m.
A woman also died shortly after when her car was hit hard by a passing lorry and dragged for about 150m.
A woman had also died after her car was accidentally hit by a lorry, and was dragged for about 150m.
A woman died after her car wheel was hit by a passing lorry and dragged for on it for about 150m.
When writing an Addict tells you a compelling story.
When an Adept he tells a very compelling story.
When writing an Internet Addict tells a compelling story.
When writing an article Ad tells a very compelling story.
When an Adept teacher tells you a compelling story.
Incipio ® reveals an extensive new jewel case jewelry collection to accompany the new Moto X smartphone.
Incipio ® reveals an extremely extensive jewel case collection to also accompany with the Moto X smartphone.
Incipio ® reveals an extensive computer case collection to help accompany him with the Moto X smartphone.
Incipio ® also also reveals quite an extensive case collection to accompany with the Moto X smartphone.
Incipio ® reveals an extremely extensive jewel case collection designed to accompany the new Moto X smartphone.
Monica Bellucci and actor Vincent Michael Casselman have separated.
Monica Bellucci and actor Vincente Casselman have separated.
Monica Bellucci and the actor Vincent Casselman have separated.
Monica Belluccio, and Vincent Cassel, have separated.
Monica Belluccio, and actor Vincent Cassel have separated.
It's just not really just Barneys.
It's just not really just Barneys.
It's not really about just Barneys.
It's not even really just Barneys.
It's most certainly not just Barneys.
The parents of Madeleine McCann also say they too will not remain optimistic of finding.
The parents of Madeleine and son Michael McCann say they will remain optimistic of finding.
The biological parents of Madeleine and McCann say publicly that they remain optimistic of finding.
The parents and themselves friends friends of Madeleine McCann say they remain optimistic of finding.
The parents, of Madeleine McCann, also say that they remain optimistic of finding.
The Odisha State Christian Mission leadership conference, was inaugurated.
The Odisha Christian Youth leadership development annual conference was inaugurated.
The first Odisha State University Christian leadership conference was inaugurated.
The Odisha Christian leadership conference conference conference, was inaugurated.
The first Odisha Christian leadership development conference, was inaugurated.
A broken WOMAN was treated after a cooker fire started at a flatbed in the nearby Little Chalfont.
A WOMAN was treated immediately after a cooker fire was started at such a flat in nearby Little Chalfont.
A single WOMAN was treated after a pressure cooker fire at such as a small flat in Little Chalfont.
A WOMAN patient was treated after a cooker on a fire at a flat in nearby, Little Chalfont.
A broken WOMAN radio was treated for after a cooker fire at half a flat in nearby Little Chalfont.
David Valadao became the very third Republican lieutenant governor to cosponsor the 2010 immigration reform bill.
Davide Valadao became only the very distant third Republican to cosponsor the immigration reform bill.
David Valadao became only the third Republican governor to publicly not cosponsor the immigration reform bill.
David Valadao, also became the very third Republican governor to cosponsor the immigration reform bill.
Davide Valadao became the third Republican governor to not cosponsor the immigration law reform bill.
PSL leadership council elections have been postponed.
PSL party leadership elections have been postponed.
PSL leadership council elections have been postponed.
PSL leadership elections have also been postponed.
PSL elections however may have been postponed.
Patsy Symonds has since joined Williams.
Patsy Ann Symonds has joined Williams.
Pat Symonds also recently has joined Williams.
Pat Symonds, has since joined Williams.
Pat Symonds has also since joined Williams.
Bobby Jindal issued declaring a state of emergency state of emergency.
Bobby and Jindal issued orders declaring a temporary state of emergency.
Bobby Singh of Jindal issued orders declaring a state of emergency.
Bobby Jindal was later issued declaring it a state of emergency.
Bobby Jindal was issued declaring it a state state of emergency.
The doomsday preacher, Harold Camping, has long since died at the age of 92.
The doomsday preacher Harold Campinghurst has died, at about the age age of 92.
The doomsday preacher Harold Camping has died at about the age of age age of 92.
The doomsday cult preacher Harold Camping has long since died at the age age of 92.
The American doomsday cult and preacher Harold Camping has died, at the age of 92.
The whole human world is now male dominated.
The whole human world is now male dominated.
The whole world here is totally male dominated.
The whole damn world here is male dominated.
The whole world is by now male dominated.
A Marion County corrections department police officer, was charged after he was allegedly slammed into a suspect's head into a concrete wall.
A Marion County County corrections department officer, was charged after he slammed a suspect's severed head into it against a concrete wall.
A former Marion County corrections officer, was charged after admitting that he allegedly slammed a murder suspect's head into a concrete wall.
A Marion County corrections officer officer, was also later charged after which he slammed into a suspect's head into a concrete wall.
A Marion County County corrections officer was charged, after he allegedly slammed a suspect's partially severed head into a nearby concrete wall.
Pranab and Mukherjee shared the perception that bureaucrats face excessive political pressure.
Pranab and Kumar Mukherjee shared the perception bureaucrats face the political pressure.
Pranab and Mukherjee shared the common perception that bureaucrats face political pressure.
Pranab and Mukherjee shared the same perception that bureaucrats face political pressure.
Pranab Mukherjee has shared the same perception that bureaucrats face political pressure.
Our brains could process these new situations simply by not relying solely on a communication processing method similar to using the pointer system.
Our brains could then process through all these new situations by relying on using a method very similar only to the pointer system.
Our own brains could process all of these new situations by relying on a new method very similar to using the pointer system.
Our brainstem could not process these new situations, simply by relying on a method similar only to the mouse pointer system.
Our brains could process through all these new situations, by not simply relying only on a method similar to the pointer system.
Jeezy has released, culminating up, in Benihana driving cut, featuring Rocko and rapper 2 Chainz.
Jeezy has been recently released, culminating in Benihana driving cut featuring Rocko Starr and rapper 2 Chainz.
Jeezy has released, culminating in the " Benihana, driving cut, featuring Rocko and 2 Chainz.
Jeezy has released, culminating - up in a " Benihana driving cut featuring Rocko and 2 Chainz.
Jeezy has released, culminating up in Benihana, a driving cut featuring both Rocko and 2 Chainz.
THEIR CONSTRUCTION sector has also reported one one of its very best results ever in the five years.
THEIR THE CONSTRUCTION sector has reported one of its best ever results in just the last five years.
THE CONSTRUCTION The sector sector has reported one of perhaps its very best results in the last five years.
THEIR CONSTRUCTION sector has reported one of its very few best results, ever in the five years.
THE CONSTRUCTION sector report, which year has also reported one of its best results in the five years.
An Van Gogh oil painting was later discovered in nearby a attic.
An Van Gogh oil painting there was later discovered in a attic.
An unfinished Vanden - Gogh painting was discovered in a attic.
An Van Gogh painting was discovered in 2003 nearby in a attic.
An Van - Gogh oil painting was discovered in nearby a attic.
Benedict Cumberbatch has appeared regularly on all the Sesame Street.
Benedict Cumberbatch, also has appeared on the Sesame Street.
Benedict Cumberbatch, has also appeared on the Sesame Street.
Benedict Cumberbatch also has appeared regularly on the Sesame Street.
Benedicta Cumberbatch has appeared on the show Sesame Street.
James Bulger was sentenced to serve a life sentence in prison.
James Patrick Bulger was sentenced to a life term in prison.
James Bulger was also later sentenced to life imprisonment in prison.
James Michael Bulger, who was sentenced to life in prison.
James Bulger was sentenced concurrently to a life imprisonment in prison.
Yahoo has since also shut - down its email service in China.
Yahoo! has shut down all its email hosting service in China.
Yahoo has shut down all its email hosting service operations in China.
Yahoo has also shut down all its mobile email service in China.
Yahoo! has shut down its email hosting service based in China.
A Beaver County woman is accused twice of stealing more than money more than $ 500 in rent payments.
A Beaver County woman is also accused of allegedly allegedly stealing more rent money than $ in rent payments.
A young Beaver County woman is falsely accused of stealing no more than 10 $ 000 in rent payments.
A young Beaverhead County woman who is accused twice of stealing more money than $ in rent payments.
A Beaver County woman is also falsely accused of allegedly stealing no more than $ in in rent payments.
Microsoft Corporation has named Shri Satya Shri Prakash Nadella as CEO.
Microsoft Research Corporation has also named Satya Prakash Nadella as CEO.
Microsoft Corporation India has named Dr Satya Prakash Nadella as CEO.
Microsoft Corporation has also named Dr Satya Prakash Nadella as CEO.
Microsoft Corporation, has named Satya Nadella, also as CEO.
Police later arrested him on charges a man choked on a woman.
Police officers were arrested on charges a young man choked a woman.
Police arrested on rape charges a man had allegedly choked a woman.
Police arrested him on charges that a young man choked a woman.
Police arrested on rape charges a man had allegedly choked a woman.
Bonas never gave up on her dreams.
Bonas never gave up on her dreams.
Bonas never gave her up her dreams.
Bonas never gave up on her dreams.
Bonas gave her up on her dreams.
Miley thinks Cyrus thinks that men watch too damn much porn.
Miley Cyrus also thinks men watch way too damn much porn.
Miley Cyrus just thinks men watch too much damn much porn.
Miley Cyrus probably just thinks men watch too damn much porn.
Miley Cyrus and Cyrus thinks men should watch too much porn.
The future must be green, red, and black, male and female.
The future must be in green, in red, black, and female.
The future must be green, red, white and then black and female.
The entire future must now be in green, red, black and female.
The future must therefore also be green, red, and black and female.
Jose Maria Mourinho insists that the Manchester United City are still favorites for the Premier League title.
Jose Mourinho, also insists Manchester City are still favorites again for the 2010 Premier League title.
Jose Mourinho insists that Manchester City are not still the favorites again for the Premier League title.
Josep Mourinho also insists Manchester City are still favorites for the 2010 FA Premier League title.
Jose Mourinho insists that Manchester City are now still favorites again, for the Premier League title.
Ricky Ponting has joined defending Mumbai and West - Indians in an international advisory role.
Ricky Van Van de Ponting has also joined defending Mumbai Indians in an advisory role.
Ricky - Ponting has joined defending champions, Mumbai West Indians in an advisory role.
Ricky Ponting has recently also joined defending Mumbai West - Indians in an advisory role.
Ricky de Ponting has also joined defending Mumbai West Indians team in an advisory role.
Domenico and Dolce have closed down their two Milan stores.
Domenico Dolce have closed - down all their Milan stores.
Domenico and Dolce have closed down their two Milan stores.
Domenico and Dolce have closed down their two Milan stores.
Domenico Dolce have also closed down their two Milan stores.
Authorities, are also currently investigating an alleged sexual sexual assault of a Seton Hall Hall University student.
Authorities, are investigating an alleged alleged sexual assault of by force a Seton Hall Hall University student.
Authorities, are investigating an alleged sexual sexual sexual assault of by a female Seton Hall University student.
Authorities, are investigating an alleged sexual assault case accused of killing a Seton Hall State University student.
Authorities, are investigating for an alleged sexual sexual assault of,, a Seton Hall University student.
Egyptian police fired teargas, bombs and a water cannon to disperse the hundreds of protesters.
Egyptian police also fired teargas and water - powered water cannon to disperse hundreds of protesters.
Egyptian rioting police fired teargas and water cannon - shells to disperse hundreds of protesters.
Egyptian police fired on teargas and water - cannon to help disperse the hundreds of protesters.
Egyptian police fired with both teargas and water - cannon fire to disperse hundreds of protesters.
A woman was being taken to a hospital, after she crashed her rental car right into a signpost on a road.
A woman was taken to a hospital, after she crashed into her car right into a signpost on to a road.
A woman who was taken to hospital after she crashed her rental Ford sports car crashed into a stop sign on a road.
A young young woman was later taken back to hospital after she crashed with her own car into a sign on a road.
A woman, who died was taken to hospital after she crashed with her car crashing into under a sign on a road.
A pizza delivery driver was also allegedly robbed, at gunpoint.
A pizza delivery driver was also robbed of food at gunpoint.
A local pizza delivery truck driver was robbed of at gunpoint.
A pizza - delivery driver was robbed of food at gunpoint.
A local pizza - delivery truck driver was robbed at gunpoint.
Jones'Day will be considering relocating to its office downtown.
Jones Day Media will also be relocating its main office downtown.
Jones Day News Media will be considering relocating its office downtown.
Jones Day Media will be temporarily relocating to its office downtown.
Jones Day Communications will be considering relocating its head office downtown.
The former city police chief was sentenced to serve over a 90 days in jail.
The former police station chief was also later on sentenced to 90 days in jail.
The former local police station chief was also sentenced to serve 90 days in jail.
The former police chief himself, was sentenced up to 90 days imprisonment in jail.
The other, former city police chief was sentenced to 905 days in jail.
One fifth person would not be willing enough to willingly sacrifice their love life for their career.
One fifth person would be more willing to sacrifice their own love life for saving their career.
One - fifth would be equally willing to sacrifice both their love life for saving their career.
One - fifth would not be willing to sacrifice their own love life, for their career.
One - fifth would probably be willing enough to sacrifice all their love life for their career.
A firefighter has reportedly also undergone plastic surgery for burns.
A firefighter has undergone plastic surgery, usually for burns.
A firefighter who has reportedly also undergone surgery for burns.
A firefighter has undergone a plastic surgery surgery for burns.
A firefighter has also also undergone surgery, for burns.
Smith, who himself had died, found.
Smith, and who had died, found.
Smith, and those who died, found.
Smith, and those who died, found.
Smith, who had just died, found.
A young woman is found dead following a one - car crash.
A beautiful young woman is dead following only a one car crash.
A woman is found dead, following only a one car crash.
A woman who is found dead following a one way car crash.
A woman is later found dead following a stage one car crash.
Barack Obama met up once again with, the Dalai Lama at the White House.
Barack Obama met with the 14th generation Tibetan Dalai Lama at the Clinton White House.
Barack - Obama met with both the President and Dalai Lama at the White House.
Barack Obama met with the Dalai Lama again at the 2008 Hillary Clinton White House.
Barack Obama also met with President the Dalai - Lama again at the White House.
Robins Thicke, and Paula Patton both are finished.
Robin Thicke, and Paula Ann Marie Patton are finished.
Robin Van Thicke, and Paula Patton, are finished.
Robin Thicke, Richard and Paula Ann Patton are finished.
Robin Thicke, and Paula Patton, both are finished.
Indus Valley Twin Towers Limited has achieved a tenancy ratio of over 2.
Indus Valley Towers has achieved it a tenancy ratio of just over 2.
Indus Valley Towers has also achieved it a tenancy ratio of over 2.
Indus Towers has achieved a tenancy ration of just slightly over 2.
Indus Towers has achieved a tenancy monthly housing ration of over 2.
Jane McDonald, is now leaving Loose Women.
Janelle McDonald, is leaving Loose Women.
Jane McDonald, who is leaving Loose Women.
Janey McDonald, is leaving Loose Women.
Janey McDonald is leaving for Loose Women.
A police station officer today has also pleaded not guilty due to receiving a bribe.
A police officer today has also pleaded not guilty due to not receiving a bribe.
A local police officer of today pleaded but not guilty to receiving such a bribe.
A local police officer of today pleaded not guilty to receiving such as a bribe.
A local city police officer today pleaded a not guilty to not receiving a bribe.
The Motion Picture Association of North America settled immediately after on its lawsuit against Hotfile.
The Motion - Picture Associations of America settled its own original lawsuit against Hotfile.
The Motion Picture Association of Western North - America settled its original lawsuit against Hotfile.
The Young Motion Picture Critics Association of America later settled its original lawsuit against Hotfile.
The Motion Picture Associations of Western North America settled in its lawsuit against Hotfile.
Jonathan Stewart believes that he himself has learned quite a lot.
Jonathan Stewart, still believes he has already learned a lot.
Jonathan Stewart believes he himself has actually learned quite a lot.
Jonathan Stewart believes that he himself has learned quite a lot.
Jonathan Stewart believes he has learned his English quite a lot.
A popular mobile app uses a robot mouse to mimic handwriting.
A app uses one of such a robot to mimic handwriting.
A appliance that uses a robot mouse to mimic handwriting.
A appliance uses a robot to visually accurately mimic handwriting.
A appliance uses such a small robot to mimic handwriting.
Jawaharlal Nehru Sanskriti University and Banaras Hindu and Hindu Science University are keen to open their centres in Bihar.
Jawaharlal Nehru Sanskriti University and the Banaras Hindu University are keen enough to open their centres also in Bihar.
Jawaharlal Nehru University and Banaras Hindu Hindu University are keen enough to also open up their centres also in Bihar.
Jawaharlal - Nehru University and Banaras Hindu Science University, are keen enough to open their research centres in Bihar.
Jawaharlal - Nehru University and the Banaras Hindu University are keen to open their own research centres also in Bihar.
A venom treatment could also be used primarily, to combat diseases like chronic arthritis, diabetes, diabetes and obesity.
A venomous venom treatment could also be successfully used to combat diseases like chronic arthritis, diabetes, and obesity.
A venom treatment could also be used to help combat chronic diseases like chronic arthritis, diabetes, diabetes and obesity.
A venom treatment could be successfully and used successfully to help combat diseases, like arthritis, diabetes, and obesity.
A snake venom treatment could be used primarily to combat diseases like arthritis, childhood, childhood diabetes, and obesity.
Ranbir Kapoor also is not seen, playing Lord Shiva.
Ranbir Kapoor Kapoor, who is not playing Lord Shiva.
Ranbir Kapoor himself is not seen playing the Lord Shiva.
Ranbir Kapoor who also is also not playing Lord Shiva.
Ranbir Kapoor himself is not often seen playing Lord Shiva.
Alberta Health Care Services has also had too many unused beds.
Albertan Public Health Services has too - many unused beds.
Alberta Health Services Department has had too - many unused beds.
Alberta Public Health Services also has too - many unused beds.
Alberta Public Health Health Care Services has too many unused beds.
Reputation.. com has also acquired MySocialCloud.
Reputation.. com has also acquired MySocialCloud.
Reputation. com also has recently acquired MySocialCloud.
Reputation. com also recently has acquired MySocialCloud.
Reputation. com has since also acquired MySocialCloud.
Aaron Aaron - Sorkin has also apologised for The Newsroom.
Aaron : Aaron Sorkin has apologised for leaving The Newsroom.
Aaron Sorkin, has since apologised for leaving The Newsroom.
Aaron Sorkin, has also apologised publicly for The Newsroom.
Aaron Sorkin, has apologised more publicly for The Newsroom.
The house of Russian diplomatic mission in the The Hague and New Hague was burglarized.
The main house of Russian diplomatic mission based in The New Hague, was burglarized.
The house of Russian Russian diplomatic mission and officials in the The Hague was burglarized.
The house of Russian diplomatic mission - officials in nearby the The Hague was burglarized.
The house of the Russian government diplomatic mission in the capital The Hague was burglarized.
Candidates can afford to only take a short break away from hectic campaigning.
Candidates also can afford not to take quite a break from hectic campaigning.
Candidates can afford to also take quite a break away from hectic campaigning.
Candidates can afford to take a short time break away from hectic campaigning.
Candidates can afford to also take a break from all the hectic campaigning.
Google and Microsoft have been approved not to sell 50, 000 new seats because of their simulation software to benefit the Departments of Defense.
Google Ventures and Microsoft have been jointly approved to sell 50, 000 seats'worth of their software to the US Departments of Defense.
Google Play and Microsoft - Microsoft Microsoft have been approved to sell over 50, 000 seats of their software to the Departments of Defense.
Google and Microsoft have been approved to sell over 50, 000 seat seats of their own proprietary software products to benefit the Department of Defense.
Google and Microsoft have also been jointly approved to sell over $ 50, 000 seats worth of their software products to the Department of Defense.
SMEs must learn how best to leverage technology.
SMEs also must also learn to leverage technology.
SMEs also must also learn to leverage technology.
SMEs must also learn to use leverage technology.
SMEs must also learn to use leverage technology.
A federal judge panel, has also approved a 2014 Georgia election calendar.
A Georgia Republican federal judge panel has approved a 2014 Georgia election calendar.
A federal judge has also approved of such a 2014 Georgia election calendar.
A Georgia state federal district judge has approved a 2014 Georgia election calendar.
A federal judge panel has approved adoption of a 2014 Georgia election calendar.
Dennys is coming back back in Rolla.
Denny is coming back from home in Rolla.
Denny is now coming back home in Rolla.
Dennys'is coming back in Rolla.
Denny is coming back back home in Rolla.
Iran says there still has been almost no progress in the nuclear talks.
Iran says that there has been no significant progress made in nuclear talks.
Iran says there has been no significant global economic progress in nuclear talks.
Iran says that there still has been no progress in the nuclear talks.
Iran says there has been almost certainly no progress made in nuclear talks.
A new study surveyed over 100 US healthcare physicians about they see their roles, responsibilities and responsibilities in helping others to control costs.
A new study has surveyed 50 leading US healthcare physicians talking about they see their roles and their responsibilities in helping to control costs.
A new US study surveyed US healthcare physicians about how they see their roles and responsibilities in healthcare as helping to help control costs.
A new study surveyed US healthcare physicians about they could see their roles and their responsibilities in managing and in helping to control costs.
A relatively new study surveyed US physicians more about they see their own roles and responsibilities in helping to help help them control costs.
Perveza and Musharraf should respect courts.
Pervez and Musharraf should also respect courts.
Pervez and Musharraf also should respect courts.
Pervez Musharraf, people should respect courts.
Pervez and Musharraf also should respect courts.
A young, Columbus River Junction man has pleaded guilty to theft.
A Columbus Circle Junction man, who has pleaded guilty to theft.
A young Columbus Junction man has just pleaded not guilty to theft.
A Columbus Junction Railroad man who has pleaded guilty not to theft.
A Columbus River Junction man has pleaded guilty but not to theft.
John Wiley & Sons Inc. agreed to buy the company CrossKnowledge Systems for US $ US $ 175 million.
John Wiley Wiley & Sons Inc. also eventually agreed terms to buy company CrossKnowledge for US $ 175 million.
John Wiley & Sons Sons, Inc. agreed to buy the company CrossKnowledge Technology Corporation for $ 175 million.
John John John Wiley & His Sons Inc. agreed to buy company CrossKnowledge for US $ $ 175 million.
John Wiley, John Wiley & Sons Inc., agreed not to buy company CrossKnowledge for $ 175 million.
Metrorail is reducing the number of cars per passenger train due back to all the shutdown.
Metrorail is reducing the number of cars per trainload, due back to the shutdown.
Metro is reducing the number of passenger cars being used per train, due to the shutdown.
Metro is considering reducing significantly the total number of cars used per train due to the shutdown.
Metrorail is reducing the total number of passenger cars per train, due to the shutdown.
Julian Lennon has spent over 10 years crafting for his album.
Julian John Lennon Lennon spent 10½ years crafting his album.
Julian Lennon spent 10 + years of experience crafting his album.
Julian John Lennon spent 10 years of time crafting his album.
Julian John Lennon spent over 10 years crafting for his album.
The Avro Ray - Arrow returned to Mississauga.
The remaining Avro Arrows returned to Mississauga.
The Avro Arrows returned safely to Mississauga.
The Avro Arrow returned them safely to Mississauga.
The former Avro - Arrow returned to Mississauga.
Tonya Abbott vowed to get back down again to business.
Tony Abbott vowed to never again to get down to business.
Tonya Abbott has vowed to get back down to business.
Tony Abbott vowed to get him back down again to business.
Tony Abbott vowed to himself never to get down to business.
The UTSA varsity football team will host its annual alumni match on Sunday.
The UTSA team itself will also host its alumni football match on Sunday.
The host college UTSA football team will host its alumni match on Sunday.
The UTSA team will also host only its first alumni match on Sunday.
The UTSA team itself will also host its alumni football match on Sunday.
Egypt Army is seeking the permission to send several thousands worth of soldiers to Sinai.
Egypt Army is seeking permissions not to send thousands of Egyptian soldiers to Sinai.
Egypt is seeking permissions to send some thousands more of its soldiers to Sinai.
Egypt Army is seeking permission to also send thousands of Egyptian Army soldiers to Sinai.
Egypt Army is seeking the permissions to send thousands of soldiers back to Sinai.
Meijer, who continues to interview to, help fill as many as a 100 positions at, its distribution center.
Meijer, continues continuing to interview to help fill in as many times as 100 positions working at its distribution center.
Meijer, continues today, to offer interview to fill as as many as 100 positions at each its distribution center.
Meijer, continues to interview to help fill as many - times as 100 positions working directly at its distribution center.
Meijer, continues to interview employees to help fill as many as 100 staff positions at, its retail distribution center.
A local, volunteer firefighter was injured while successfully battling a house fire in Halethorpe.
A local firefighter was also seriously injured while battling a major house fire in Halethorpe.
A local firefighter was seriously injured while battling in a major house fire in Halethorpe.
A firefighter was seriously injured while battling in a house fire, also in Halethorpe.
A firefighter also was injured while successfully battling a house on fire, in Halethorpe.
Etsy has also recently revamped its own dispute resolution process.
Etsy has also revamped all its internal dispute resolution process.
Etsy Media Group has revamped its own dispute resolution process.
Etsy has revamped all its internal legal dispute resolution process.
Etsy Group has also revamped its dispute - resolution process.
Richie Incognito, who has had, smashed - up his very own Ferrari with a large baseball bat.
Richie and Incognito, one who has had, smashed his own very own Ferrari with a baseball bat.
Richie Incognito, who has had, smashed his very own red Ford Ferrari with a large baseball bat.
Richie Incognito, who has had, smashed his very own Ferrari with not only a small baseball bat.
Richie Incognito, who he has never had, smashed his own red Ferrari with a large baseball bat.
Australians now dominate Hollywood.
Australians now dominate Hollywood.
Australians now dominate Hollywood.
Australians now dominate Hollywood.
Australians now dominate Hollywood.
I am info on how to help start a brand new, payday loan company.
I also here am info on how how to start a payday student loan company.
I am infoting on the how - best to start a payday loan company.
I also am info on how to start up with a new payday loan company.
I really am getting info on how to help start up a payday loan company.
Two armed men robbed a Citgo Street commercial gas station overnight.
Two men had robbed a Citgoe gas - station overnight.
Two armed black men robbed a Citgo gas - station overnight.
Two men robbed customers at a nearby Citgo gas station overnight.
Two men robbed a Citgo gas station - filling station overnight.
Angelina and Jolie arrived in Sydney, Australia with all but six kids.
Angelina and Jolie had arrived back in Sydney, with all six kids.
Angelina Jolie had arrived back in Sydney, with almost all six kids.
Angelina and Jolie arrived in New North Sydney, with all six kids.
Angelina Jolie has arrived in South Sydney, Australia with all six kids.
Research research firms have retained their more traditional overweight stances on the plantation sector.
Research firms however have retained their traditional overweighting stance on the coffee plantation sector.
Research research firms have retained to their overweighted policy stance on the plantation sector.
Research firms however, have retained to their overweight stance on improving the plantation sector.
Research and industry research firms however have retained their overweight stance on the plantation sector.
Simon Helberg will welcome his own, his second child.
Simon von Helberger will welcome his own second child.
Simon Helberger, will welcome him his second child.
Simon von Helberger will not welcome his second child.
Simon von der Helberg will welcome his own second child.
A portrait of Ralph Vaughan Ellison, is scheduled to be unveiled.
A portrait of actor Ralph James Ellison is to also be unveiled.
A portrait, of Ralph Ellison, is scheduled to be unveiled.
A brand new portrait of Ralph Ellison is set to be unveiled.
A portrait bust of Ralph Vaughan Ellison is scheduled to be unveiled.
Chris Horner has released all copies of all his biological passport results.
Chris Horner released almost half all of his biological - passport results.
Chris - Horner has released all of all his biological passport results.
Chris Michael Horner has released all of his biological - passport results.
Chris - Horner released almost virtually all of his biological passport results.
A White House panel will grill the current head office of the National Capital Park Service.
A House panel will now also grill the new head office of the National Park Service.
A White House panelist will grill the current head of all the National Park Service.
A White House panel will also grill the head office of the National Capital Park Service.
A House panel will also grill the current head of all the National Capital Park Service.
Teeny Mom 2 star Kailyne Lowry has given her birth to a healthy baby boy.
Teen Mom 2 star Kailyne Lee Lowry has given her birth certificate to a baby boy.
Teen Moms 2 star Kailyn Lowry has just given birth again to just a baby boy.
Teen Mom 2 guest star Kailyn Lowry who has just given birth again to a baby boy.
Teeny Mom 2 guest star, actress Kailyn Lowry has given birth to a baby boy.
A college graduate student hired a local villager to do a punishment.
A college student hired a local Indian villager to do a punishment.
A college student hired a villager to do just such a punishment.
A local college student hired a villager to help do a punishment.
A student council has hired a villager, to do a punishment.
Lauryn Eagleton has been ordered to always just stay away " from her mother and younger sister under AVO orders.
Lauryn the Eagle has been specifically ordered to always stay away from her mother and younger sister, under AVO orders.
Lauryn Eagle has also been specifically ordered to stay away from her mother, and her sister under strict AVO orders.
Lauryn Eagleton, has been specifically specifically ordered not to stay away from her mother and sister under AVO orders.
Lauryn Eagleton, who has been ordered to always stay away from her mother and younger sister under AVO orders.
House prices also steadily climbed 5 %.
House and gas prices climbed 5 %.
House gas prices also climbed 5 %.
House gas fuel prices climbed 5 %.
House gas prices also climbed 5 %.
Iran has not agreed on the seven main practical steps.
Iran has not agreed on the seven main practical steps.
Iran has agreed unanimously on all the seven practical steps.
Iran itself has agreed on the seven main practical steps.
Iran has agreed on all the seven main practical steps.
Renzi needed only for just a few days to form a government.
Renzi needed a very good few days to finally form a government.
Renzil needed a few more days to finally form a government.
Renzil needed a few days off to form up a government.
Renzil needed a few more days off to form a government.
X Japan, band leader Ken Yoshiki announced he will hold both a solo and world tour.
X Japan, and band leader Yoshiki announced he will not again hold a solo world tour.
X - Japan band leader Yoshiki announced he also will hold up for a solo world tour.
X - Japan band leader Yoshiki announced he will also not yet hold a solo world tour.
X Japan band leader Yoshikichi Sato announced he will also not hold a solo world tour.
St. Pauls United United Methodist Church hopes its first day of service and shines a light on the good work.
St. Pauls United Methodist Church, hopes its day of Sunday service shines light on us all the good work.
St. John Paul United United Methodist Church hopes its day of Sunday service shines lightly on all the good work.
St. John Paul United United Methodist Church hopes, that its day of service shines lightly on the good work.
St. Paul United Methodist Episcopal Church, hopes its day of service, shines lightly on the very good work.
A young Perry woman was later found dead, four days after her car was accidentally struck and she fell into a nearby creek bed.
A Perry woman was later found dead, dying about four days after when her car was struck and she fell into a creek bed.
A Perry woman was found dead, four days after her last car tire it was struck and it fell into in a creek bed.
A Perry woman, who was found dead, four days after her car was struck, and later fell unconscious into a creek bed.
A Perry woman was found presumed dead, four full days after her car was struck down and fell into in of a creek bed.
A Calera pastor, and who has been indicted on a rape charge.
A La Calera pastor has been indicted on facing a child rape charge.
A Calera Parish pastor has been indicted twice on facing a rape charge.
A La Calera pastorate has been indicted on facing a rape charge.
A Calera Parish pastor who has been recently indicted on a rape charge.
A young North Clare County man is arrested, after leading police on a chase.
A Clarendon County maniac is killed after leading police on such a chase.
A Clarendon County man who is after leading the police on in a chase.
A Clare County man is also killed, apparently after leading police on a chase.
A Clare County man is killed, after leading two police officers on a chase.
A group consisting of locals celebrate on the St. Patrick's Day.
A small community group consisting of locals celebrate St. Patrick's Day.
A group, consisting of locals also celebrate St. Patrick's Day.
A small group, consisting of locals celebrate St. Patrick's Day.
A group consisting of locals celebrate the St.. Patrick's Day.
Adam Goodes is also named the inaugural 2014 Australian Player of the Year.
Adam Goodes is named as the clubs inaugural 2014 Australian of the Year.
Adam Goodes is named the inaugural 2014 Australian of Under of the Year.
Adam James Goodes is also being named the 2014 Australian of the Year.
Adam Goodes is named as being the inaugural 2014 Australian of the Year.
The then new UK government has announced an increase significantly in scholarships.
The UK government, has also announced an increase significantly in scholarships.
The new UK government has announced plans on an increase in scholarships.
The new democratic UK government has announced an annual increase in scholarships.
The then new UK government has announced an annual increase in scholarships.
South - Korean national economy grew by 0. 9 % in Q1.
South Korean population and national economy grew 0. 9 % in Q1.
South Korean national economy only slightly grew 0. 9 % in Q1.
South Korean national economy grew by 0. 9 % GDP in Q1.
South - Korean economy only grew by 0. 9 % in Q1.
People younger than 50 + years old living with the HIV may feel more isolated and more stressed than people.
People living younger than the 50 years - old with HIV feel more isolated, and more stressed than people.
People younger than than 50 years old with HIV may feel much more emotionally isolated and stressed out than people.
People younger than the 50 years - old old with HIV feel more emotionally isolated, and stressed than people.
People younger than 50 years old with an HIV infection may feel more isolated and more emotionally stressed than people.
Chevrolet Canada Limited has also launched a limited edition of the Enjoy.
Chevrolet has launched with a special limited edition version of the Enjoy.
Chevrolet has launched a limited - edition version of all the Enjoy.
Chevrolet Canada has launched a special limited edition version of the Enjoy.
Chevrolet Canada has since launched only a limited edition of the Enjoy.
Prince Charles has filed a US $ $ 22 million lawsuit.
Prince Charles has filed a $ $ 1 22 million lawsuit.
Prince has filed a $ US $ 1 22 million lawsuit.
Prince has since filed for a US $ 22 million lawsuit.
Prince has since filed a $ US $ 22 million lawsuit.
Arsenal are also set to loan him to Podolski Schalke 04.
Arsenal are also reportedly set to loan Podolski from Schalke 04.
Arsenal players are set to loan to Podolski from Schalke 04.
Arsenal are also set to loan out Podolski from Schalke 04.
Arsenal are also set to loan to Podolski from Schalke 04.
Sludge rockers, have released a stream of their new album track Slaves To The Hive.
Sludge rockers, have recently also released online a stream of their new track Slave The Hive.
Sludge rockers have released a streamer of their brand new track called Slave To The Hive.
Sludge rockers have released a live stream of all their new track Slave To Kill The Hive.
Sludge, both rockers, have also released a stream of their new track Slave The Hive.
The charges laid against Judge Julius Malema remain.
The charges against both Julius and Malema remain.
The criminal charges against Julius and Malema remain.
The criminal charges against Julius and Malema remain.
The charges against Judge Julius de Malema remain.
A man who is accused of cutting off from his brother with only a knife.
A man is also accused, of almost accidentally cutting his brother with a knife.
A young black man who is accused of cutting his brother with just a knife.
A man who is accused, of accidentally cutting his brother open with a knife.
A young man is accused of cutting off his younger brother with only a knife.
Two men may have been charged following the assault on a nearby nearby train station near Strathfield.
Two men have been later also formally charged following the assault on board a train near Strathfield.
Two men have been formally charged following the assault on a nearby freight train station near Strathfield.
Two men have been formally charged with following up the assault while on a train near Strathfield.
Two men have since been charged following the assault, with both on a train near Strathfield.
TOP flight musicals that they are heading back to Aberdeen.
TOPUS flight musicals that are now heading to Aberdeen.
TOP flight musicals that are heading straight back to Aberdeen.
TOPUS flight and musicals are also heading to Aberdeen.
TOP and the other flight musicals are heading to Aberdeen.
A woman suspect is charged with following a Black Friday stabbing.
A woman is charged with following up a Black Friday stabbing.
A woman who is charged following in on a Friday stabbing.
A young woman is charged with following up a Friday stabbing.
A woman suspect is also charged following in a Friday stabbing.
Tulsa's police brutality task force has heard from riverfront businesses.
Tulsa's task - force heard gunfire from several riverfront businesses.
Tulsa's task force has heard complaints directly from riverfront businesses.
Tulsa's task force has heard complaints directly from riverfront businesses.
Tulsa's task - force heard gunfire from several riverfront businesses.
A young woman was arrested on attempted murder charges after she stabbed a Pepperell man.
A woman was arrested on murder charges and charges she stabbed a young Pepperell man.
A woman who escaped was arrested on charges she believed had stabbed a Pepperell man.
A woman also was arrested, on charges she had stabbed a young Pepperell man.
A woman was arrested on murder charges, after she allegedly stabbed a Pepperell man.
Michael Matthews won his first stage 4 victory on Stage 5 of the 2013 Vuelta España a a España.
Michael John Matthews won his first stage on Stage 5 of winning the inaugural 2013 Overall Vuelta a España.
Michael Matthews won on his stage on the Stage 5 of the 2013 Grand Overall Vuelta a a España.
Michael John Matthews won his first stage on Stage. 5b of the inaugural 2013 Vuelta a España.
Michael Matthews won his very first stage on Stage. # 5 of the 2013 Vuelta a a España.
Two rockets also landed inside of the US embassy and compound in Kabul.
Two more rockets also landed inside of the US embassy compound in Kabul.
Two - dozen more rockets landed inside the US embassy compound in Kabul.
Two more Russian rockets landed inside the US embassy and compound in Kabul.
Two rockets also landed inside the main US - embassy compound in Kabul.
GCC Saudi citizens have topped the list of all foreigners who have married Saudi women.
GCC citizens also have topped out the list of all foreigners who married Saudi women.
GCC citizens topped the Saudi official list of foreigners, those who married Saudi women.
GCC citizens who have topped the list of foreigners, who have married Saudi women.
GCC citizens topped the list of foreigners who also may not have married Saudi women.
Nexstar Global Broadcasting has celebrated ten years service on the Nasdaq exchange.
Nexstar Global Broadcasting celebrated ten years anniversary on the global Nasdaq exchange.
Nexstar Broadcasting celebrated over almost ten years on running the Nasdaq exchange.
Nexstar Broadcasting celebrated ten consecutive years working together on the Nasdaq exchange.
Nexstar Global Broadcasting celebrated over ten years on winning the Nasdaq exchange.
Nokia has launched phones in the South East Indian market.
Nokia has launched in the South East Asian Indian market.
Nokia Series 2 has launched in to the Indian market.
Nokia has been launched in the South East Indian market.
Nokia has also launched in to cover the Indian market.
A Portage of the St. Joe woman was arrested on a charge consisting of retail theft.
A Port St. Joes woman, was later arrested on a charge of petty retail theft.
A former Port St. Joes woman was arrested on a federal charge of petty retail theft.
A former Port St. Joe woman, she was arrested twice on a charge of retail theft.
A Port St. Joe woman was later arrested, on a charge consisting of petty retail theft.
Exercise proves more difficult than beneficial than the coffee it often comes to improving mental performance.
Exercises proves far more than beneficial than coffee it comes to improving the mental performance.
Exercises proves more beneficial than beneficial than coffee when it comes to improving mental performance.
Exercises proves more beneficial when than drinking coffee it comes close to improving mental performance.
Exercise proves much more beneficial than the coffee it also comes to improving the mental performance.
Monty Panesar has been reportedly also fined for allegedly urinating on bouncers.
Monty Panesar, has been reportedly also fined for urinating on bouncers.
Monty Panesarji has been heavily fined for allegedly urinating on bouncers.
Monty Panesar has been fined for allegedly urinating heavily and on bouncers.
Monty Panesar has long since also been fined for urinating on bouncers.
When they do send out their rockets we'll shoot them out and out of the sky.
When do what they just say send their rockets we'll shoot them out of the sky.
When they send out their rockets we'll shoot at knocking them out out of the sky.
When they send out their own rockets we'll just shoot them out out of the sky.
When finally, they do send their rockets, we'll shoot them out of the sky.
Gary Vander Bettenhausen has died at the age 72.
Gary Bettenhausen has died at about the age age 72.
Gary Bettenhausen has since died, probably at age 72.
Gary Bettenhausen, has died at about the age 72.
Gary, Bettenhausen, has died at the age 72.
Sons of Yorktown are also releasing off their newest EPs at a fundraiser.
Sons of York are releasing off their then upcoming newest EP at such a fundraiser.
Sons of Yorktown are currently releasing their newest EPs together at a fundraiser.
Sons of Yorktown Records are releasing their newest EPs at such a fundraiser.
Sons North of York are currently releasing off of their newest EP at a fundraiser.
Japan Airlines also officially officially marks its 60th anniversary of Hawaii service.
Japan Pacific Airlines marks its own 60th anniversary of its Hawaii service.
Japan Airlines Japan marks it also its 60th anniversary of Hawaii service.
Japan Airlines marks its own annual 60th anniversary celebration of Hawaii service.
Japan Pacific Airlines also officially marks its 60th anniversary of Hawaii service.
Mesut Ozil is hoping that Cristiano Ronaldo stays later on at Real Madrid.
Mesut Ozil is also hoping that Cristiano Ronaldo stays on at Real Madrid.
Mesut Ozil is also hoping Cristiano Ronaldo stays at the club Real Madrid.
Mesut Ozil is also hoping Cristiano Ronaldo stays at at the Real Madrid.
Mesut Ozil is hoping Cristiano Ronaldo and stays on at the Real Madrid.
Richie Benaud is seen recovering after having his car crashed.
Richie - Richie Benaud is recovering after his car crashed.
Richie Benaud is seen recovering his race - car crashed.
Richie Benaudi, is recovering after his car crashed.
Richie - Benaud is recovering his sports - car crashed.
Salman bin Ahmad Khurshid ruled out any talks with Pakistan.
Salman Khurshid has long ruled - out talks with Pakistan.
Salman Ahmad Khurshid ruled - out talks talks with Pakistan.
Salman Khurshid ruled - ruled out talks even with Pakistan.
Salman bint Ahmad Khurshid ruled out talks with Pakistan.
A special Sri Lankan high court ordered the immediate release of 31 fishermen.
A Sri Lankan court has ordered the immediate immediate release of 31 fishermen.
A Sri Lankan high court later also ordered the release of 31 fishermen.
A special Sri Lankan court ordered the immediate immediate release of 31 fishermen.
A Sri Lankan court has ordered the immediate release of of 31 fishermen.
Telenor also, will sell over 30 million SIM cards annually for the batch in the next eight months.
Telenor will sell 30 million in new SIM cards for the very first batch in the next eight months.
Telenor will also sell 30 million new digital SIM card cards for completing the batch in the eight months.
Telenor will sell 30 - million SIM cards annually annually for all the batches in the eight months.
Telenor will sell over $ 30 million SIM cards for the batch in the next and next eight months.
The Turkish national parliament also has lifted a temporary ban on Turkish women lawmakers wearing trousers.
The then current Turkish parliament has lifted a ban on Turkish women lawmakers from wearing trousers.
The then current Turkish parliament has lifted a ban on women and male lawmakers wearing trousers.
The Turkish parliament has lifted a temporary ban on pregnant women, and lawmakers wearing trousers.
The Turkish national parliament also has lifted such as a ban on women lawmakers wearing trousers.
A special workshop on energy conservation issues, was organized.
A workshop, focusing on energy - conservation was organized.
A national workshop on renewable - energy conservation was organized.
A workshop on promoting sustainable renewable energy conservation was organized.
A workshop on energy - efficiency conservation techniques was organized.
The TTP does not represent all groups suspected targets or of terrorists.
The TTPA does therefore not represent nearly all groups of terrorists.
The TTP does however not necessarily represent nearly all groups of terrorists.
The TTP does not represent nearly all the major groups of terrorists.
The TTP does however not explicitly represent all three groups of terrorists.
Four adult sea and sea turtles were released to the ocean.
Four sea sea turtles were then released back to the ocean.
Four green sea turtles were then released back to the ocean.
Four sea sea turtles were also released back to the ocean.
Four sea turtles were also released to explore in the ocean.
A young Syracuse teen beat an elderly man up and proceeded to celebrate inside the 7 7 - Eleven.
A Syracuse University teen beat an elderly man proceeded on to celebrate inside of the local 7 - Eleven.
A Syracuse teen beat an angry elderly man and proceeded to celebrate inside of the 7 7 - Eleven.
A young Syracuse teen beat an elderly, black man proceeded to celebrate inside the 7 7 - Eleven.
A Syracuse University teen beat an elderly black man and proceeded to violently celebrate inside the 7 - Eleven.
Hangzhou city government plans are to build a garbage incineration plant.
Hangzhou City plans to build a new urban garbage incineration plant.
Hangzhou plans to also build a garbage re - incineration plant.
Hangzhou city plans are to build a garbage - incineration plant.
Hangzhou plans to also help build a garbage - incineration plant.
Diageo has completed the £ 14m expansions project of both sets of its two malt whisky distilleries in Speyside, UK.
Diageo has also recently completed the planned £ 14m scale retail expansion of its two malt whisky distilleries in Speyside, UK.
Diageo has recently completed the £ 14m expansion of its two existing, single malt whisky, distilleries in Speyside, UK.
Diageo has completed the £ 14m scale and expansion of its two single malt Scotch whisky production distilleries in Speyside, UK.
Diageo plc, has completed the £ 14m expansion of both its two single malt whisky distilleries in nearby Speyside, UK.
Delaware Sustainable Clean Energy Utility will also annually hold two workshops.
Delaware Sustainable Clean Energy Utility will also hold the two workshops.
Delaware Sustainable Energy Utility District will also hold the two workshops.
Delaware Valley Sustainable Energy and Utility will hold the two workshops.
Delaware Sustainable Energy Utility District will also help hold two workshops.
The alleged ex - husband of a woman whose body was also later found in the Yellowstone River River five hundred years was sentenced not to imprisonment more than 100 years.
The ex - husband of a woman whose body she was found by in the floating water in the Yellowstone River for five years was sentenced to more than 100 years.
The ex - husband of the a woman whose body was found in the upper Yellowstone River five years earlier was sentenced twice for twice concurrently to more than 100 years.
The former ex - husband husband of a young woman whose body was found found in on the Yellowstone River five years was sentenced to imprisonment for more than 100 years.
The alleged ex - abusive husband of a woman, whose dead body was found floating in the Yellowstone River five years was sentenced to more than than $ 100 years.
The PS4 may also be seen as being built using forced labour.
The PS4 project itself may be being built using local forced labour.
The PS4 may also sometimes be seen being built using forced labour.
The PS4 may possibly also be still being built using forced labour.
The PS4 project may be seen being built using local forced labour.
Twitter is now officially turning eight.
Twitter account he is turning eight.
Twitter account he is turning eight.
Twitter account is now turning eight.
Twitter account he is turning eight.
It took time to imagine Helen and Zille leaking confidential information.
It took to Helen and Ziller, leaking confidential information.
It never really took to imagine Helen Zille leaking confidential information.
It took to Helen and Ziller leaking their confidential information.
It took months to Helen Ziller leaking her confidential information.
Bade Acchet Lagte Hain completed a runtime run of 500 episodes.
Bade Acche Lagte Hain completed with a total run of over 500 episodes.
Bade und Acche Lagte Hain completed a runtime run of 500 episodes.
Bade Acchet Lagte Hain has completed a run of over 500 episodes.
Bade und Acche Lagte und Hain has completed a run of 500 episodes.
Iran has neutralized a terrorist terror group.
Iran neutralized as a terrorist terror group.
Iran neutralized as a terrorist terror group.
Iran has neutralized a terrorist terror group.
Iran has not neutralized a terror group.
Ferrari F1 test - driver Fernando Alonso said his team is not still in the fight.
Ferrari F1 driver Fernando Alonso has said his team is not still involved in the fight.
Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso said his Ferrari F1 team mate is not still in the fight.
Ferrari F1 driver Fernando Alonso said shortly afterwards that his team is still in the fight.
Ferrari driver, Fernando Alonso Alonso said that his team mate is still in the fight.
A CBI court awarded four - years'imprisonment sentence to all 12 accused people convicted in exposing the alleged horse fodder scam.
A CBI trial court awarded an almost four years'imprisonment to all but 12 innocent people not convicted in the fodder scam.
A separate CBI court case has awarded almost four years'imprisonment to almost all 12 innocent people convicted in the fodder scam.
A CBI trial court awarded four - years'imprisonment to all 12 people initially convicted of inciting the horse fodder scam.
A CBI trial judge in court awarded four years'imprisonment, to all the 12 people convicted of in the fodder scam.
Mic Mac is scheduled not to miss in the Winter Stakes.
Mic - Mac is scheduled to also miss the Winter Stakes.
Mic - O - Mac is to miss the Winter Stakes.
Mic Mach 2 is to miss in the Winter Stakes.
Mic Mach is to also miss the 2018 Winter Stakes.
A freight train carrying crude oil was derailed, and exploded in Alabama.
A train car, carrying crude oil was derailed and exploded in Alabama.
A train carrying the crude oil derailed, crashed and exploded in Alabama.
A train car carrying the crude oil derailed and exploded somewhere in Alabama.
A freight train car carrying crude oil derailed and exploded somewhere in Alabama.
A severe national shortage of midwives may be putting mothers and babies at a high risk says.
A shortage of midwives " may be putting mothers and their babies more seriously at risk says.
A shortage of midwives may also be putting away both mothers, and babies at risk says.
A shortage of midwives may be putting mothers more vulnerable and their babies more at risk says.
A shortage rate of midwives may be putting both pregnant mothers and babies more at risk says.
Pakistan also is shutting its diplomatic missions in Chile, and Ireland.
Pakistan is shutting down all its diplomatic missions in Chile and Ireland.
Pakistan government is considering shutting its diplomatic missions in Chile and Ireland.
Pakistan Airlines is shutting down its scheduled missions in Chile and Ireland.
Pakistan is considering temporarily shutting its missions in both Chile and Ireland.
A police officer, responding late for investigating a bank robbery was involved in a crash.
A police officer responding late for a failed bank robbery was involved in causing a crash.
A police station officer responding for a robbery was also also involved, in a crash.
A police officer responding late for committing a robbery was also involved in causing a crash.
A police officer responding late for suspected a robbery was involved, resulting in a crash.
A national wind chill risk advisory advisory has been issued.
A wind chill advisory has long since also been issued.
A wind chill advisory advisory system also has been issued.
A wind - chill advisory advisory has also been issued.
A wind - induced chill advisory has also been issued.
Peek.. com, today announced its first international expansion.
Peek.. com, today announced, its international expansion.
Peek.. com, which today announced its international expansion.
Peek. com, which today announced its first international expansion.
Peek. com, today announced, its first international expansion.
Diversity that is rooted in our DNA.
Diversity, that is in our DNA.
Diversity that way is in our DNA.
Diversity itself is rooted in our DNA.
Diversity itself is rooted in our DNA.
Cub Scout Scout Pack 149 held twice annually its annual Pinewood Derby.
Cub Scout Scout Scout Pack 149 held its annual annual Pinewood Derby.
Cub Eagle Scout Pack 149 held annually at its annual Pinewood Derby.
Cub Scout Pack 149 held annually in its own annual Pinewood Derby.
Cub Scout Pack 1491 has also held its annual Pinewood Derby.
A new pub and a restaurant, is also being set to create 40 new jobs.
A new pub and a restaurant is set to create well over 40 000 new jobs.
A new pub and a restaurant is set up to help create 40 % new jobs.
A new pub and restaurant shopping complex, is set to create 40 % new jobs.
A new brand new pub and restaurant is set to help create over 40 new jobs.
An Afghan war refugee slaughtered, his pregnant wife said.
An Afghan refugee was slaughtered, " his wife said.
An unidentified former Afghan political refugee slaughtered his wife said.
An Afghan war veteran refugee slaughtered, his wife said.
An Afghan Muslim refugee slaughtered, his second wife said.
Bibendum Group Limited has launched a spirits and agency business.
Bibendum has launched a brand new spirits and agency business.
Bibendum has recently launched itself as a spirits agency business.
Bibendum Bank has recently also launched a spirits agency business.
Bibendum has also launched a brand new spirits agency business.
There is no decision for a mandatory audit of donations as being received directly by parties.
There currently is no decision for a mandatory auditing of the donations received by parties.
There is no official decision made for a mandatory auditing of donations received by parties.
There is no final decision for mandatory audit of the charitable and donations received by parties.
There is no decision for a mandatory audit of all the donations being received by parties.
Edward Snowden had also also previously travelled to India before 2011, but did not report.
Edward Edward Snowden, had travelled to India sometime before April 2011 but did not report.
Edward Snowden who had also travelled to India sometime before 2011, but did not report.
Edward Snowden, who had travelled to British India before 2011, but did not report.
Edward Edwarde Snowden had also travelled to India before 2011, but did not report.
Mexican federal police forces have taken over police protection duties in some over - 20 small towns in the restive state.
Mexican federal forces have also taken over all police duties in the some about - 20 towns in the restive state.
Mexican federal forces may have taken over police duties in some 20 towns, not yet located in the restive state.
Mexican federal forces, have taken over police duties in some over 20 small towns and in all the restive state.
Mexican federal forces have also taken over police protection duties in some over - 20 towns in all the restive state.
Edward James Snowden has decided and is in a safe and hiding place with friends, a former Russian defense lawyer said.
Edward Snowden has already been decided and now he is in a safe hiding place with friends, a Russian lawyer said.
Edward James Snowden has already been decided and is in a safe place along with his friends, a Russian lawyer said.
Edward Snowden has decided and is in quite a safe place with friends, a young, Russian defense - lawyer said.
Edward Snowden has decided, and is in a safe place, along with friends, a former Russian defense lawyer said.
Albert Hammond Albert Hammond Jr has announced on Facebook a string of May UK tour dates.
Albert Hammond Jr has announced on Facebook a string of scheduled 10 May UK tour dates.
Albert Hammond Hammond Jr has also announced a string of May UK summer 2012 tour dates.
Albert Hammond, Hammond Jr has announced a string of 10 May UK summer tour dates.
Albert Hammond, Jr has announced a string of scheduled, 10 May UK tour dates.
Malta cancelled its two scheduled domestic flights to return migrants to Libya.
Malta cancelled two flights to return migrants heading back home to Libya.
Malta also cancelled its last two flights to return migrants to Libya.
Malta cancelled two scheduled flights attempting to return migrants back to Libya.
Malta cancelled two scheduled passenger flights to help return migrants to Libya.
The Tulsa City Shockers, will announce their new head coach on Thursday, January 23.
The 2017 Tulsa Shockers officially will announce their head coach contract on Thursday, January 23.
The Tulsa Shockers will announce their head coach and contract on Thursday, starting January 23.
The Tulsa Oklahoma City Shockers officially will announce their head coach on Thursday, January 23.
The Tulsa Oklahoma City Shockers will announce their head coach on the Thursday, January 23.
Students at Robertsville Central Elementary School wrapped up in a donation drive.
Students at Roberts Elementary and School wrapped - up a large donation drive.
Students at Roberts Elementary School wrapped up donations early in a donation drive.
Students at Robertsville Elementary School wrapped up donations in a donation drive.
Students at Oral Roberts Elementary School wrapped - up a blood donation drive.
No gaseous chemical structure was found anywhere in bay of bengal.
No gaseous crystal structure was found in bay deposits of bengal.
No natural - gas structure was found in the bay of bengal.
No gas structure material was ever found in the bay of bengal.
No gaseous crystalline structure was found in bay of bengal.
Ronan Farrow will also also guest host an show on MSNBC.
Ronan and Farrow will host an afternoon show simulcast on MSNBC.
Ronan Farrow will host as an early afternoon show on MSNBC.
Ronan Farrow also will host an afternoon show hosted on MSNBC.
Ronan Farrow will host of such an exclusive show on MSNBC.
A rare new freshwater riverine dolphin species has been discovered.
A new river dolphins species has recently also been discovered.
A rare new riverine dolphin species has recently been discovered.
A relatively new freshwater river dolphin species, has been discovered.
A new river dolphins species, has also been discovered.
Four other people, who were found dead in an home Thursday night.
Four other people were found shot dead in an abandoned home Thursday night.
Four people were found dead in an home fire on a Thursday night.
Four people, who were found dead in such an home Thursday night.
Four people, were found dead, in an abandoned home Thursday night.
Singaporean companies in Thailand, Thailand have not encountered yet any major disruptions to their operations.
Singaporean companies in Thailand have also not yet encountered any other major disruptions to their operations.
Singaporean companies in Thailand, Thailand have also not encountered major disruptions related to their operations.
Singaporean companies in the far southern Thailand have also not encountered major disruptions to their operations.
Singaporean companies in southern Thailand have also generally not encountered major disruptions related to their operations.
The milking factory building itself has been evacuated due largely to a chlorine leak.
The milking factory has been temporarily temporarily evacuated, due to a chlorine leak.
The local milk factory has been also temporarily temporarily evacuated due to a chlorine leak.
The local milking factory has been evacuated, due to a severe chlorine leak.
The local milk factory has been evacuated, due, mainly to a chlorine leak.
The Browns have requested special permission to interview former Boston Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels.
The Browns have requested permissions not to interview Patriots offensive coordinator, Josh McDaniels.
The Browns also have requested permissions to personally interview Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels.
The Browns also have requested to interview former Boston Patriots offensive line coordinator Josh McDaniels.
The Browns have requested to interview the former Patriots offensive line coordinator, Josh McDaniels.
Thousands of the ANC supporters gathered close together at Luthuli House.
Thousands " of ANC supporters gathered " at the Luthuli House.
Thousands of the ANC - supporters gathered at the Luthuli House.
Thousands of all the ANC - supporters gathered at Luthuli House.
Thousands " of ANC - supporters have gathered at Luthuli House.
Sir Paul Henry Beresford, Conservative MP for the Mole Valley and Valley, also described the flooding and pledged to put work to review.
Sir Paul Beresford, Conservative MPP for the Upper Mole Valley Valley, described the flooding, and pledged to put work to review.
Sir Paul Beresford, Conservative MP for Mole Valley Valley, who had described the flooding and pledged not to immediately put work to review.
Sir Paul Beresford, Conservative National Party MP for Mole Valley Valley, described all the flooding and pledged to help put work to review.
Sir Paul Beresford, Conservative Party deputy MPP for Mole Valley, described all the flooding and pledged not to work harder to review.
Gov. Jerry Brown wrapped up the legal action on the bills due for the year.
Gov. Jerry Brown also wrapped - up action committee on bills for ending the year.
Gov. President Jerry Brown has also wrapped - up action on bills for the year.
Gov. Jerry Brown almost immediately wrapped up action on bills due for later the year.
Gov. Jerry Roy Brown wrapped - up action on all the bills for the year.
Robert Lee Pattinson pushed a female security guard.
Robert Pattinson pushed a young female security guard.
Robert Pattinson pushed past a female security guard.
Robert Pattinson had pushed past a security guard.
Robert Pattinson had just pushed a security guard.
THE MeerKAT project is proceeding on a borrowed time and on budget, " said director Derek Hanekom.
THE MeerKAT project is proceeding, right on time and not on budget, " said Derek Hanekom.
THE'MeerKATK project is still not proceeding on time and on budget, said Derek Hanekom.
THE MeerKATK project itself is proceeding on time and not on budget, said director Derek Hanekom.
THE'MeerKAT project is proceeding on borrowed - time and on budget,'said Derek Hanekom.
A waver of car - bombs also hit the Iraqi capital, killing about 33 people.
A second wave of suicide car bombs also reportedly hit the Iraqi capital, killing 33 people.
A second wave of car bombs had also hit the Iraqi capital, killing over 33 people.
A waver wave of car bombs also hit the Iraqi capital, reportedly killing 33 people.
A second large wave of car bombs were hit in the Iraqi capital, killing 33 people.
People really should chill you all out about the election date.
People should really chill me out about the upcoming election date.
People should chill themselves out thinking hard about the election date.
People should chill out, thinking about changing the election date.
People should just chill me out about the upcoming election date.
Levels of bisphenol A in men's urine urine samples could be considered as a marker of developing prostate cancer.
Levels A of the bisphenol group A found in men's s urine could be a marker of prostate cancer.
Levels of serum bisphenol A in men's urine could also potentially be considered as a marker of prostate cancer.
Levels of serum bisphenol - A in young men's urine samples could be considered a marker of prostate cancer.
Levels 1 of bisphenol - A in men's'urine could also potentially be a marker of prostate cancer.
Personnel rescued while saying that they were being trafficked back to India.
Personnel rescued while saying that they were being trafficked back to India.
Personnel rescued while not saying they too were being trafficked to India.
Personnel rescued while when they landed were still being trafficked to India.
Personnel rescued them while claiming they were being illegally trafficked to India.
Magyar Telekom had already reached an agreement directly with the trade unions.
Magyar Telekom also reached an affiliation agreement with the Hungarian trade unions.
Magyar Telekom reached an agreement directly connected with the Hungarian trade unions.
Magyar Telekom also reached an agreement with the Hungarian national trade unions.
Magyar Telekom reached an agreement with the major national Hungarian trade unions.
Widows lose their right to access access to pension payments.
Widows lose almost half all their right to pension payments.
Widows also may lose their right to receive pension payments.
Widows also lose their right to receive their pension payments.
Widows lose their legal right to receive their pension payments.
Umbrella contractors will also will need mobile skills.
Umbrella construction contractors will need their mobile skills.
Umbrella contractors, will also need mobile skills.
Umbrella contractors also will need their mobile skills.
Umbrella contractors also will also need mobile skills.
A Claremonte County man is facing charges made of child luring.
A Claremont County man is also facing charges of illegal child luring.
A Claremont County man is facing federal charges of a child luring.
A Claremont maniac is also facing criminal charges of child luring.
A young Claremonte County man is facing charges of child luring.
Sprint, Spotify, the HTC, and Harman CEOs all talk about new apps, tips for success.
Sprint, Sprint Spotify, Sprint HTC and the Harman Group CEOs talk about apps, tips for success.
Sprint, Sprint Spotify, Google and HTC and Harman CEOs talk about apps, and tips for success.
Sprint, Spotify, HTC and Harman CEOs will also talk about apps, tips, and for success.
Sprint, Spotify, HTC and Harman Tech CEOs talk about apps, tips, and strategies for success.
Former ManU players, and others who have clubbed to buy Salford City FC.
Former United ManU players, have clubbed to buy Salford from Manchester City FC.
Former ManU players, who have clubbed to buy from Salford Manchester City FC.
Former former ManUs players, have clubbed to buy Salford Manchester City FC.
Former ManUs FC players, have been clubbed to buy Salford City FC.
Envoys - of five nations each - presented their diplomatic credentials directly to Pranab Mukherjee.
Envoys of five nations re - presented their diplomatic service and credentials to Pranab Mukherjee.
Envoys - representative of five nations - India presented their credentials to President Pranab Mukherjee.
Envoys abroad - of all five nations - also presented their credentials to Pranab Mukherjee.
Envoys representatives of all the five nations re - presented their credentials to Pranab Mukherjee.
Alberto Contador won the Tourist Championship of the Northern Basque Country.
Alberto Contador also won in the 2011 Tour of the Basque Country.
Alberto Contador won the 2011 Tour Championship of the Autonomous Basque Country.
Alberto Contador won the 2011 Tour Championship of the Northern Basque Country.
Alberto de Contador won the 2011 Tour Championship of the Basque Country.
Anand puts a lid back and down on his emotions.
Anand puts a lid down on all all his emotions.
Ananda now puts a lid on all his emotions.
Anand puts half a - lidded on his emotions.
Ananda never once puts a lid on his emotions.
Russell Johnson, also the character actor best known for playing on John Gilligan's Island, has died.
Russell Lee Johnson, the American actor known for playing on Gilligan's Island Treasure Island, has died.
Russell Johnson, the former actor known for playing on Gilligan's Treasure Island, who also has died.
Russell Johnson, the actor best known best for his playing on John Gilligan's Island, has died.
Russell Johnson, the former actor known for playing himself on Gilligan's Treasure - Island, has died.
A St. Louis - Joseph woman has pleaded guilty to almost one single count of wire fraud.
A St. Louis Saint Joseph woman has pleaded not guilty to one count of attempted wire fraud.
A St. Joseph woman has also recently pleaded guilty to one count, each of wire fraud.
A St. Joseph Parish woman has pleaded guilty twice to the one count each of wire fraud.
A former St. Louis Louis Joseph woman has pleaded guilty to one count each of wire fraud.
Barbecues that are banned from all of all the new borough's parks.
Barbecues are banned from nearly all of all of the borough's parks.
Barbecues are banned from in nearly all of the new borough's parks.
Barbecues, that are banned from nearly all of the borough's parks.
Barbecues are banned from all but three percent of the borough's parks.
A small, almost free school has let down parents.
A free school system that has let - down parents.
A free public school has let - - down parents.
A proposed free public school system has let down parents.
A completely free public school has to let down parents.
A new online mobile payments and processing service has been launched in the Hong Kong.
A new mobile payments processing service has been launched in all of the Hong Kong.
A new mobile payments service has been launched recently being launched also in Hong Kong.
A new mobile payments service has been recently launched, in the capital Hong Kong.
A new mobile payments service has also been launched recently being launched in Hong Kong.
Hillary Clinton also strongly defended Obamacare but added she herself was not open to changes.
Hillary - Hillary Clinton defended Obamacare, but added she was open up to changes.
Hillary - Clinton defended Obamacare, but added she too was open up to changes.
Hillary Clinton defended the Obamacare but added, that she was not open to changes.
Hillary - Clinton has also defended Obamacare but also added she was open to changes.
Li Yuanchao, will also also be the Chinese official to personally visit North Korea.
Li Yuanchao, will be the first senior mainland Chinese official to visit North Korea.
Li Yuanchao will be considered the first Chinese official ever ever to visit North Korea.
Libo Yuanchao will be the Chinese official selected not to visit the North Korea.
Li Yuanchao, will be the Chinese official who selected to visit the North Korea.
It was, but, who went home, on MasterChef 2013 Season 4, the last night.
It was, but who went home on MasterChef 2013, Season 4, on the last night.
It was, but who went home, on MasterChef 2013 : Season #. 4 last night.
It most probably was,, but who went home? on MasterChef 2013 Season 4 last night.
It was, but who, went home, on MasterChef in 2013, Season 4 last night.
We have some major work is still left to do.
We have some major engineering - related work to do.
We still have quite some major work left to do.
We have some other major work left over to do.
We have some other major engineering work left to do.
The Lord High Archbishop used to highlight all the hardship.
The Archbishop used it to highlight all of the hardship.
The late Lord Archbishop used to proudly highlight the hardship.
The Lord and High Archbishop used to highlight the hardship.
The Archbishop used it, also to highlight the hardship.
The front man, JJ and Abrams, have released a trailer.
The band front man, JJ Abrams have also released a trailer.
The man, and fellow actor JJ Abrams have released a trailer.
The man, and JJ Abrams have released him in a trailer.
The front - page man, JJ Abrams have released a trailer.
Police officers are currently investigating the very first homicide of 2014.
Police are investigating for the first two homicides of 2014.
Police officers are investigating the very first attempted homicide of 2014.
Police are currently still investigating for the first homicide of 2014.
Police are investigating for the very first attempted homicide of 2014.
Fidelity Investments International also owes gold producers US $ 50 million are being made.
Fidelity owes to the gold producers that US $ 50 million are still being made.
Fidelity International owes gold producers that about US $ 50 million are currently being made.
Fidelity Investment Bank owes the gold producers US $ 50 million which are being made.
Fidelity owes the gold producers that about US $ 505 million are being made.
A new permanent tsunami advisory remains in effect.
A new permanent tsunami advisory remains in effect.
A tsunami warning advisory system remains in effect.
A tsunami - warning advisory remains in effect.
A tsunami warning advisory remains still in effect.
Tensions also now appear to gradually be easing between Australia and Indonesia.
Tensions appear to be also gradually easing between Western Australia and Indonesia.
Tensions appear to also be gradually gradually easing between Australia and Indonesia.
Tensions also appear to be easing between Western - Australia and Indonesia.
Tensions also appear to be gradually gradually easing between Australia and Indonesia.
A young man, who was rescued from an eastern, Nebraska lake just over for the weekend has died.
A man, one who was rescued from crossing an eastern Nebraska lake sometime over the previous weekend has died.
A man who was being rescued back from an isolated eastern Nebraska lake over the previous Christmas weekend has died.
A young man who was rescued from crossing an eastern, central Nebraska lake over for the weekend has died.
A man who was being rescued from crossing into an eastern Nebraskan lake over the previous weekend has died.
The Union Bank Buildings have also been declared a national cultural heritage site.
The Old Trade Union Buildings have been officially declared a national heritage site.
The Old Trade Union Buildings have been declared a protected national heritage site.
The Union Bank Buildings have also been declared a national cultural heritage site.
The Old Union Buildings have been declared a national and cultural heritage site.
New Canadian federal federal electoral maps have been finalized in both Quebec, British - Columbia and Saskatchewan.
New federal federal electoral maps have also been finalized in both Quebec, British - Columbia and Saskatchewan.
New federal electoral maps have also recently been finalized, in Quebec, in British Columbia and Saskatchewan.
Newer Canadian and federal electoral maps have been finalized in Quebec, British Columbia, and Saskatchewan.
New federal electoral maps would have been finalized only in both Quebec, and British Columbia and Saskatchewan.
Snowden wanted to not also claim asylum while in Russia.
Snowden wanted him to claim political asylum elsewhere in Russia.
Snowden also reportedly wanted to claim asylum elsewhere in Russia.
Snowden wanted to also help claim political asylum in Russia.
Snowden wanted to also help claim political asylum in Russia.
A gang bragged, fought and recruited through the same social media.
A gang member bragged, and was recruited through the social media.
A former local gang member bragged, and recruited through social media.
A gang bragged, and fought and recruited people through social media.
A local gang member bragged, teased and recruited through social media.
A former Northern Rhinelander school teacher, has been sentenced.
A third former Rhinelander high school teacher has been sentenced.
A former Rhinelander school teacher has also also been sentenced.
A former former Rhinelander school chemistry teacher has been sentenced.
A former Rhinelander teacher, he himself has been sentenced.
Liverpool City City Council has already referred up to over 47, 000 in debts to bailiffs in the 12 months.
Liverpool City District Borough Council has referred over 47, 000 000 debts owed to the bailiffs in the 12 months.
Liverpool City Council, has now successfully referred over 47, 000 debts to the bailiffs annually in the 12 months.
Liverpool City City Council has referred over 47, 000 debts owed directly to bailiffs in the last over 12 months.
Liverpool City and District Council, has referred over 47, 000 debts owed to bailiffs in the last 12 months.
Kisii National University University students riot.
Kisii National University University students riot.
Kisii National Defence University students riot.
Kisii and National University students riot.
Kisii National University University students riot.
Amazon Amazon Amazon Prime has unveiled an upgraded Kindle tablet.
Amazon Prime has unveiled an optional optional upgraded Kindle tablet.
Amazon Prime : Amazon has unveiled an upgraded Kindle tablet.
Amazon has also unveiled an ever upgraded Amazon Kindle tablet.
Amazon has also unveiled also an optional upgraded Kindle tablet.
The Rihanna posted to think it is a digression at Chris Brown.
The first Rihanna posted think is a direct digression at Chris Brown.
The Rihanna posted I think is probably just a dig at Chris Brown.
The Rihanna posted think that it is a digression at Chris Brown.
The song features Rihanna posted I think is a dig at Chris Brown.
A DEVOTED mum who recently was stabbed breaking in to her own home has died in hospital.
A DEVOTED mum who was badly stabbed while in at her home has now died in hospital.
A young DEVOTED mum who recently was stabbed in her own home has died while in hospital.
A DEVOTED mum who was found stabbed in to her very own home has died in hospital.
A DEVOTED her own mum who was stabbed in her home and she has died in hospital.
The branch of the American Associations of University Women is also offering to her a scholarship.
The American branch, of,, the American Association of University Women is offering a scholarship.
The branch office of the the American Association of University Graduate Women is offering women a scholarship.
The branch of the North American Association of State University Women is offering her with a scholarship.
The American University Women branch of the American National Association of University Women is offering a scholarship.
The cabinet also deferred taking up the two new anti - graft ordinances.
The cabinet also deferred from taking up the anti - market graft ordinances.
The cabinet has also deferred taking - up the anti - graft ordinances.
The cabinet deferred to taking - up the anti - economic graft ordinances.
The new cabinet deferred from not taking up the anti - graft ordinances.
The North West Indian rupee weakened.
The West Indian silver rupee weakened.
The West Indian silver rupee weakened.
The North West Indian rupee weakened.
The Indian Union national rupee weakened.
More more - than 20 PECO employees volunteered annually at Central Park.
More - than 20 PECO employees volunteered at the new Central Park.
More - than 15 - 20 PECO employees volunteered at Central Park.
More than - than 20 PECO employees have volunteered at Central Park.
More than the 20 PECOG employees volunteered daily at Central Park.
Oscar and Pistorius will not take the stand.
Oscar Pistorius, who will take the stand.
Oscar Pistorius, will not take the stand.
Oscar Pistorius will also take up the stand.
Oscar Pistorius will not even take the stand.
A WOMAN has already told me her house was being firebombed twice.
A local newspaper WOMAN has been told her house was firebombed twice.
A. THE WOMAN has told me her house was firebombed twice.
A WOMAN reporter has told her the house was being firebombed twice.
A local newspaper WOMAN has been told her house was firebombed twice.
Rockers and The Nerves have announced additional European tour dates.
Rockers The Nerves have also announced additional UK tour dates.
Rockers and The Last Great Nerve have announced additional tour dates.
Rockers The Blackened Nerves have announced additional tour dates.
Rockers The Nerve have also announced their two additional tour dates.
A Lexington County college student was shot dead while in his car.
A Lexington college graduate student shot dead, while in his car.
A Lexington college student later shot him dead while in his car.
A Lexington college student was shot at him dead in his car.
A Lexington County college student shot at him dead in his car.
The Indian government is taking special steps for maintaining the health care systems of child and mother.
The government is taking special public health management steps for the maintaining health of child and mother.
The government is taking some special health management steps for maintaining health of the child and mother.
The government agency is now also taking some special steps for maintaining health of child and mother.
The government is taking special steps for maintaining health care of the child, child and mother.
Boston's Callahan Street Tunnel will reopen just ahead out of schedule.
Boston's Callahan Tunnel project, will reopen just ahead of schedule.
Boston's Callahan Tunnel will reopen, just hours ahead of schedule.
Boston's proposed James James Callahan Tunnel will reopen ahead of schedule.
Boston's Callahan Tunnel will reopen, but just ahead of schedule.
Two children may have died recently in a nearby house fire.
Two other children have also died in such a house fire.
Two children have died in fighting in a nearby house fire.
Two other children have died early in following a house fire.
Two children have also died recently, in a house fire.
Ben Rothwell has also since been suspended for over nine months.
Ben Rothweller has been suspended indefinitely for over nine months.
Ben Rothweller has since been indefinitely suspended for nine months.
Ben Rothweller has since been suspended for over nine months.
Ben Rothweller has been suspended for over twenty nine months.
Two Americans won for him, the Nobel Prize in medicine.
Two Americans have also won the Nobel Prizes in medicine.
Two African Americans have also won the Nobel Prize in medicine.
Two other Americans won him the Nobel Memorial Prize in medicine.
Two Americans have won for him the Nobel Prize in medicine.
Morgan Stanley analyst, Adam Jonas is maintained on the North American Axle & Manufacturing.
Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Michael Jonas maintained ownership on American Axle Engineering Design & Manufacturing.
Morgan Stanley and financial analyst Adam Michael Jonas maintained on American Axle Investment & Manufacturing.
Morgan - Stanley analyst Adam Michael Jonas is maintained director on American Axle & Manufacturing.
Morgan - Stanley analyst Adam Michael Jonas is maintained on American Axle Research & Manufacturing.
Steyn has been cited for making a particularly dangerous tackle on New New South - Wales Waratahs.
Steyn has been cited for making a potentially very dangerous defensive tackle on New South Wales Waratahs.
Steyn has been cited for a dangerous tackle on against the New South New South Wales Waratahs.
Steynman has also been frequently cited for a dangerous defensive tackle on New South Wales Waratahs.
Steyn has been cited for a potentially particularly dangerous tackle on New New New South Wales Waratahs.
Chelsea beat FC Inter - Milan 2 times in a friendly.
Chelsea beat FC Inter - Milan 2 in just a friendly.
Chelsea beat FC Inter - Milan 2 in such a friendly.
Chelsea beat Inter Milan - 2 in just before a friendly.
Chelsea beat Inter - Milan FC 2 times in a friendly.
Girls who should have started running.
Girls have also also started running.
Girls have also recently started running.
Girls teams have also started running.
Girls who have never started running.
Oscar finds Pistorius injured by firing a gun shot in to a restaurant.
Oscar Pistorius injured himself by firing from a machine gun in a restaurant.
Oscar Pistorius injured by firing a gun shot in proximity to a restaurant.
Oscar Pistorius was injured by firing a gun shot in to a restaurant.
Oscar Pistorius injured by firing from behind a machine gun in a restaurant.
The preparatory - committee session of organizing the national dialogue started works.
The preparatory - committee of session of the national dialogue started works.
The first preparatory committee session of the national dialogue committee started works.
The first preparatory session phase of the national dialogue has started works.
The preparatory session ahead of the national political party dialogue started works.
Guy and Penrod makes only a brief stop in Charleston.
Guy Penrode also briefly makes a stop in Charleston.
Guy and Penrod also makes a brief stop in Charleston.
Guy and Miss Penrod makes a stopover in Charleston.
Guy Penrod makes a brief bus - stop in Charleston.
David R Beckham has refused to publicly criticize Sir Alex Ferguson.
David Beckham has also refused to ever publicly criticize Alex Ferguson.
David Beckham himself has consistently refused to criticize Sir Alex Ferguson.
David Beckham himself has refused permission to publicly criticize Alex Ferguson.
David R. Beckham has refused to publicly criticize Alex Ferguson.
JEWEL thieves who were caught in just such a police force ambush were.
JEWEL thieves who were caught up in what a police car ambush were.
JEWEL thieves who later, were caught in a police car ambush were.
JEWEL thieves who were not caught in a single police car ambush were.
JEWELL The thieves, who were caught in a police ambush were.
Argentinian pop singer Pablito Ruiz was made, saying Luis de Miguel is bisexual.
Argentinian Latin pop singer Pablito Sánchez Ruiz made, saying Luis Miguel is bisexual.
Argentinian singer Pablito Ruiz made, however by saying that Luis Miguel is bisexual.
Argentinian singer, Pablito Ruiz made, saying Luisa de Miguel is bisexual.
Argentinian singer Pablito Sánchez Ruiz made, by saying that Luis Miguel is bisexual.
Rupee exchange value ended unchanged at 62. 50 versus the US dollar.
Rupee ended unchanged at $ 62. 00 50 versus the US dollar.
Rupee ended up unchanged, at 62. 5 50 versus US dollar.
Rupee ended unchanged at about US $ 62. 50 versus US dollar.
Rupee ended up unchanged at $ 62. 50, versus US dollar.
FC Shakhtar Donetsk has signed him on loan to a new contract with Yaroslav Rakytsky.
FC Shakhtar from Donetsk has recently also signed on a new contract with Yaroslav Rakytsky.
FC Shakhtar from Donetsk has signed a new fully professional football contract with Yaroslav Rakytsky.
FC Shakhtar Dynamo - Donetsk He has signed a new contract with FC Yaroslav Rakytsky.
FC Dynamo Shakhtar Donetsk has also signed a brand - new contract with Yaroslav Rakytsky.
The new European Union government was preparing to charge Gazprom in allegedly conducting an anti - trust probe.
The Western European Union was preparing to formally charge Gazprom in conducting an anti - bank trust probe.
The European Union was preparing to charge the Gazprom in conducting an anti - trust trust trust probe.
The European Broadcasting Union was preparing to formally charge Gazprom in an anti - anti - trust probe.
The European Union government was preparing to formally charge Gazprom in an international anti - bank trust probe.
El Salvador - Salvador Kevin Santamaria was loaned out to Guatemala's Suchitepequez.
El Salvador midfielder Kevin Santamaria was loaned to the FC Guatemala's Suchitepequez.
El Salvador Kevin de Santamaria, was loaned out to Guatemala's Suchitepequez.
El - Salvador Kevin Santamaria who was loaned to FC Guatemala's Suchitepequez.
El - Salvador Kevin Santamaria who later was loaned to Guatemala's Suchitepequez.
Remains have been identified variously, as have those remains of a missing Asheville woman.
Remains have long since been identified as those of a previously - missing Asheville woman.
Remains have been identified variously as those of or a previously missing female Asheville woman.
Remains may have been identified as those remains made of by a missing Asheville woman.
Remains may have been identified as those skeletal remains of a previously missing Asheville woman.
Yelena Isinbayeva would be retiring, and shortly after winning her home World Athletics Championships.
Yelena Maria Isinbayeva would also be retiring after her second homecoming World Athletics Championships.
Yelena Isinbayeva would be retiring shortly after after winning her home World Junior Athletics Championships.
Yelena Isinbayeva would be retiring shortly after after her homecoming World Junior Athletics Championships.
Yelena Isinbayeva would be the last seen retiring after winning her home World Athletics Championships.
The St. - Louis Cardinals Cardinals also acquired Johnnie Axford from the Milwaukee Brewers.
The St. Louis Cardinals also acquired a pitcher, John Axford from the Milwaukee Brewers.
The St. Joe - Louis Cardinals Cardinals acquired pitcher John Axford from the Milwaukee Brewers.
The St. Louis - Joe Louis Cardinals acquired John Axford from the expansion Milwaukee Brewers.
The St. - Louis Cardinals acquired pitcher John Axforde, from the Milwaukee Brewers.
George Strait won his first entertainer of all the year at both the 2011 ACM Awards.
George Washington Strait won his entertainer of the year at the June 2011 annual ACM Awards.
George Strait won as his entertainer artist of the year year at both the ACM Awards.
George Strait won as his entertainer of the year at MTV at the 2011 ACM Awards.
George Strait won as his entertainer artist of the year award at both the ACM Awards.
India hosted also its second biggest day of voting in all its election.
India hosted its second biggest single day number of voting in its election.
India has hosted its biggest single day of voting ever in its election.
India also has hosted its second biggest day of voting in its election.
India hosted also its biggest day of voting in all of its election.
Florida offensive lineman Tyler - James Moore also broke his elbow.
Florida offensive and offensive defensive lineman Tyler Moore broke his elbow.
Florida Panthers offensive lineman, Tyler Moore broke at his elbow.
Florida Carolina Panthers offensive lineman, Tyler Moore broke his elbow.
Florida offensive lineman, Tyler - Moore, broke his elbow.
Vice President, Shri Rahul Gandhi has become a quite a challenge for his own party.
Vice President Rahul Gandhi, has now become quite a challenge for his very own party.
Vice President, Rahul Gandhi, who has become a challenge for leading his own party.
Vice President Rahul Gandhi has become quite too much of a challenge for his own party.
Vice President Rahula Gandhi, has now become a challenge candidate for his own party.
Loretta Lynn Turner was honored posthumously with a Presidential Medallion of Freedom.
Loretta Lynn was honored with receiving a Presidential Gold Medal Medal of Freedom.
Loretta Lynn was honored posthumously with receiving a Presidential Gold Medal of Freedom.
Loretta Lynn was honored with receiving a second consecutive Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Loretta Lynn was honored with receiving a Presidential Gold Medal Medal of Freedom.
Robert Gates has accused Pervez and Musharraf government of striking deal with the Taliban militants and Al - Qaeda.
Robert Lee and Louis Gates has accused Pervez Musharraf of striking a deal with Taliban and Al - Qaeda.
Robert Louis Gates has accused President Pervez Musharraf of striking down a deal with Taliban and Al - Qaeda.
Robert Louis Gates has accused Pervez Khan and Musharraf of striking deal deals with Taliban and Al - Qaeda.
Robert Louis Gates has also accused Pervez Musharraf of striking deal with the Taliban and with Al - Qaeda.
Zavvi still has a amount worth of Xbox One gamer stock stock still available for delivery at launch.
Zavvitka still currently only has a amount left of Xbox One stock available for delivery at launch.
Zavvit still only has about a amount of Xbox One stock available, ready for delivery at launch.
Zavvit still only has a amount of Xbox - One stock available, for delivery, at launch.
Zavvi still has a amount left of the Xbox One stock available, available for free delivery at launch.
Brooklyn residents, Jews, are often also fed up with overflowing of garbage bins.
Brooklyn residents, Jews, are fed - up with all the overflowing garbage bins.
Brooklyn residents, Jews, and are fed up with the overflowing of garbage bins.
Brooklyn residents, Jews, are fed up with the overflowing of their garbage bins.
Brooklyn residents, and especially Jews, and are fed up with overflowing garbage bins.
BUYERS have been found as responsible for two local pubs, named after a bar chain went into administration.
BUYERS may have been found for two pubs, after a barber chain that had went into administration.
BUYERS records have been found for two pubs after a local bar chain has went back down into administration.
BUYERS have been found for both of the two pubs after a local bar chain went back into administration.
BUYERS have been also recently found found for the two pubs after a bar chain went back into administration.
Steve and Kevin Nash returned home for the Los Angeles Lakers.
Steve and Nash returned for the new Los - Angeles Lakers.
Steve and Nash returned home for the new Los Angeles Lakers.
Steve and Nash returned for joining with the Los Angeles Lakers.
Steve Nash returned for the Los - based Los Angeles Lakers.
An illegal teen pimp will usually get a sentence of time served, fines and probation.
An teen pimp will get a suspended sentence, because of time served, and probation.
An escaped teen pimp will then get a sentence of time not already served and probation.
An eligible teen or pimp will get a life sentence consisting of time served and probation.
An teen pimp will get from him a sentence consisting of time already served and probation.
Prince of William is to honour singer Jon Bon Jovi, and for his charity work.
Prince William is going to also honour singer, Jon Bon Jovi for his charity work.
Prince William is to later also honour Jon Bon Jovi for his outstanding charity charity work.
Prince William is chosen to honour Jon Bon Bon Jovi, for all his charity work.
Prince William Day is to also officially honour Jon Bon Jovi, for his charity work.
Some nurses are now also becoming seasonal workers.
Some nurseships are becoming more seasonal workers.
Some nurses are also now becoming seasonal workers.
Some nurses are becoming more often seasonal workers.
Some nurses are becoming even more seasonal workers.
BlackBerry has since also slashed down the price of its Z30 by around Rs5 000.
BlackBerry India has slashed down the retail price of its iPhone Z30 by Rs5 000.
BlackBerry India has slashed the price - tag of its Z30 by around Rs5 000.
BlackBerry India has slashed the retail purchase price of all its Z30 by Rs5 000.
BlackBerry has slashed down on the retail price tag of its Z30 by Rs5 000.
Citrus Valley's first softball championship team bounced back.
Citrus Valley's very first softball team bounced back.
Citrus Valley's softball team has never bounced back.
Citrus Valley's first professional softball team bounced back.
Citrus Valley's softball team has never bounced back.
Joe and Creighton will bring a taste of New - New Orleans music to Australian stages.
Joe and Creighton, will also bring a taster of New Orleans to Australian stages.
Joe Creighton will also bring back a new taste of the New Orleans to Australian stages.
Joe and John Creighton, will bring back a taste of New Orleans to Australian stages.
Joe and Creighton will bring a taste of New - New Orleans music to Australian stages.
Valencia says it also has agreed to sell the loanee defender, Adil Rami to rivals AC Milan during the January window.
Valencian CF says it has also agreed to loan the defender Adil Rami to the ACF Milan during the January window.
Valencia CF says it has agreed to loan defender Adil - Hassan El Rami to join ACF Milan during the January window.
Valencia also publicly says it also has agreed terms to loan defender Adil Ramiçi to AC Milan during the January window.
Valencia says it has agreed terms to sell loan defender midfielder Adil Ben El - Rami to AC Milan during the January window.
Tonino Garrni posed nude along with six naked men for a photo shoot.
Toni Garrn posed nude with the six other naked men for such a photo shoot.
Toni Garrni posed nude with six other naked men for such a photo shoot.
Toni Garrn posed nude, along with the six naked men for a photo shoot.
Tonia Garrn posed nude with six naked men, for a nude photo shoot.
Bingo! fans were due to simply march back down to Downing Street and would then hand over a petition.
Bingo fans were due to march down stairs leading to 10 Downing Street and would then hand over a petition.
Bingo fans were due there, to march down to 10 Downing Wall Street and to hand over a petition.
Bingo fans who had arrived were due there to march down to Downing Street and to hand over a petition.
Bingo Party fans were due only once to march back down to Downing Wall Street and hand over a petition.
Caricatures poking their fun at the figures of the 18th - century are often deliberately set up to tickle them as they go on display.
Caricatures poking some fun at at all the figures typical of the 18th century are set up to tickle as if they go on display.
Caricatures poking fun at at all the figures of in the late 18th century are set to tickle at you as they go on display.
Caricatures, poking their fun at the figures, typical of the 18th century are often set to tickle as they then go on display.
Caricatures poking fun at at the historical figures of the late 18th century - period are set up to tickle as they go on display.
Dyster will also annually hold a " Mayor's Night In Thursday evening.
Dysteria will also hold a Mayor's Day Night In Thursday evening.
Dyster will hold a very special Mayor's Opening Night In Thursday evening.
Dyster will now also hold up a Mayor's Night In Thursday evening.
Dyster will hold up a special Mayor's Night In on Thursday evening.
Exclusion cashes loan borrowing money fast. i need borrow money now.
Exclusion cashes loan borrowing money too fast. i need money now.
Exclusion cashes out loan borrowing money fast. i need money now.
Exclusion cashes the loan, borrow money fast i need the money now.
Exclusion : cashes the loan borrow money too fast i need money now.
Juventus ground out to claim a victory.
Juventus grounded out to a victory.
Juventus would then ground out a victory.
Juventus then grounded out a victory.
Juventus then ground out to a victory.
Ilham Aliyev received President Prize of the Republic of Azerbaijan for Boris Tadic.
Ilhamid Aliyev also received President Prize of the Republic of Boris Tadic.
Ilhamid Aliyev received President of Azerbaijan the Republic title of Boris Tadic.
Ilhamid Aliyev also received President Prize of the Republic of Boris Tadic.
Ilham Aliyev received President Prizes of the Republic Prize of Boris Tadic.
London bridge isn't really just falling down.
London Road Bridge bridge isn't falling down.
London bridge traffic isn't just falling down.
London Road Bridge bridge isn't falling down.
London Bridge bridge isn't just falling down.
Taipei, Aug., 18 Visiting NBA star Jeremy Lin is kicked off a Japanese college basketball camp.
Taipei, Aug., 18 Visiting NBA star Jeremy Lin kicked him off a Japanese college basketball camp.
Taipei, Aug. 18 : Visiting NBA basketball team star Jeremy Lin kicked him off a basketball camp.
Taipei, Taiwan Aug. 18 Visiting NBA star Jeremy - Lin kicked off a successful Japanese basketball camp.
Taipei, Taiwan Aug. 18 Visiting NBA basketball star, Jeremy Lin kicked off of a basketball camp.
Lumberton tops the list of among the 50 poorest cities.
Lumberton tops the list of cities among the poorest cities.
Lumberton County tops the list, out of poorest cities.
Lumberton County tops first on the list of poorest cities.
Lumberton County also tops the list of the poorest cities.
Starships have also paid tribute to actor Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
Stars have also paid a tribute to actor Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
Stars from worldwide have paid tribute to Gabriela Garcia Marquez.
Stars worldwide have paid tributes especially to Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
Stars from worldwide have paid a tribute to Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
A judge in West Dallas dismissed such a civil suit by removing 10 female immigration officers.
A judge in Dallas dismissed all a pending civil suit filed there by 10 immigration officers.
A federal judge in West Dallas dismissed a civil rights suit by removing 10 immigration officers.
A judge in North Dallas also dismissed a civil suit by the 10 Texas immigration officers.
A judge based in Dallas dismissed such a civil suit by not removing 10 immigration officers.
The local gold mining industry located here is a scourge.
The rich gold mining and industry here is a scourge.
The gold - mining industry is becoming increasingly a scourge.
The local gold mining industry is rapidly becoming a scourge.
The gold mining service and delivery industry is a scourge.
A Pleasants County teenager, he was also accidentally shot.
A Pleasants Valley Union County School teenager was accidentally shot.
A Pleasants County teenager, he was also accidentally shot.
A Pleasants County School teenager, he was accidentally shot.
A Pleasants Valley Union County School teenager was accidentally shot.
Alison Lundergang - Grimes filed paperwork with the state Senate law clerk to enter the race.
Alison Lundergan Grimes filed paperwork with both of the Senate clerks to officially enter the race.
Alison Lee of Lundergan Grimes filed the paperwork with the state Senate clerk to enter the race.
Alison Lundergan Grimes filed paperwork with the Senate law clerk to officially enter her into the race.
Alison Lundergan - Grimes filed paperwork with the Senate law enforcement clerk to officially enter the race.
Brokaw was diagnosed with only half the cancer.
Brokaw was diagnosed with only half the cancer.
Brokaw also was diagnosed again with the cancer.
Brokaw also was later diagnosed with the cancer.
Brokaw was never diagnosed again with the cancer.
A fourth Canadian soldier died later in 1945 as an apparent suicide.
A further, fourth British Canadian soldier died in an apparent suicide.
A fourth Canadian Canadian Army soldier also died in an apparent suicide.
A seriously wounded fourth Canadian Army soldier died in an apparent suicide.
A further fourth Canadian soldier died in an apparent and apparent suicide.
The Greer boys handed South Carolina Greenville County its first loss.
The two Greery boys handed South Greenville its first loss.
The two Greer boys had handed South Greenville its first loss.
The Greery - boys handed North Greenville its first loss.
The two Greer boys had just handed Greenville its first loss.
A young Gouverneur man was arrested after he allegedly punched at his girlfriend in the both the face which senting her to leave the hospital.
A Gouverneur man was also arrested after he allegedly accidentally punched his pregnant girlfriend in the right face, and which sent her to the hospital.
A Gouverneur maniac was also arrested after which he allegedly accidentally punched his pregnant girlfriend in the face which sent her to leave the hospital.
A Gouverneur man was also arrested after he allegedly punched his girlfriend Marie in the both the face, which then sent her to the hospital.
A young Gouverneur man, was arrested after he had allegedly punched his girlfriend Jeanette in the face which sent her to leave the hospital.
Caffeine is the third most commonly - used drug in all the world.
Caffeine cocaine is the most - commonly used recreational drug in the world.
Caffeine is currently the most commonly - used recreational drug in the world.
Caffeine therapy is the most commonly used prescription drug drug in the world.
Caffeine therapy is the ranked second most commonly used drug in the world.
Parliament today passed on it the Lokpal Bill.
Parliament of India today passed the Lokpal Bill.
Parliament of India today passed the Lokpal Bill.
Parliament today passed on it the Lokpal Bill.
Parliament today has passed the first Lokpal Bill.
Newspapers also play such a vital role.
Newspapers also play a very vital role.
Newspapers play such a very vital role.
Newspapers can play such a vital role.
Newspapers play just such a vital role.
A young man who was stabbed at in a Cambridge park.
A man was found stabbed at in a nearby Cambridge park.
A young man was found stabbed dead at a Cambridge park.
A man was stabbed late at night in a Cambridge park.
A man who was later found stabbed at a Cambridge park.
The British Jumping Horse Derby has secured for them a title sponsor.
The British Jumping - Horse Derby has not secured a title sponsor.
The British National Jumping Horse Derby has also secured a title sponsor.
The annual British Jumping Derby competition has secured a new title sponsor.
The third annual British Show Jumping Derby has secured a title sponsor.
The NASTF Annual Fall 2013 Annual Annual General Meeting will be webcast live.
The NASTF - Fall 2013 Annual General Meeting will be also webcast live.
The upcoming NASTF Fall of 2013 Annual General Meeting will be webcast live.
The NASTF Fall 2013 Annual General Meeting will also now be webcast live.
The NASTF Fall 2013 Annual General Meetings, will be webcast live.
GlobalFoundries will also be host a open house event Monday, Friday Nov. 11.
GlobalFoundries will host a open - - house event Monday, Friday Nov. 11.
GlobalFoundries will host a major open - house fundraising event Monday, Nov. 11.
GlobalFoundries will host a open house fundraising event Monday, through Friday Nov. 11.
GlobalFoundries will host as a open house event on Monday, Friday Nov. 11.
A German court has ruled out that accused former SS Auschwitz SS guard is not unfit to stand trial.
A German appeals court has ruled that the accused former - SS Auschwitz guard is unfit to stand trial.
A German federal federal appeals court ruled that accused former Auschwitz guard commander is unfit enough to stand trial.
A German court judge has ruled that accused prisoner and former Auschwitz guard commander is unfit to stand trial.
A German court ruled that the accused former Auschwitz rear guard commander is now unfit to ever stand trial.
Wentworth died and Miller tried committing suicide.
Wentworth Miller also tried before committing suicide.
Wentworth Miller also later tried committing suicide.
Wentworth and Miller also tried committing suicide.
Wentworth had Miller tried by committing suicide.
Legal Counsel & Attorney General is well placed.
Legal & Business General Education is well placed.
Legal Affairs & Attorney General is well placed.
Legal & Civil Attorney General is well placed.
Legal & Affairs & General is well placed.
The family members of a Ohio nurse, killed in a crash filed suit against the closing the hospital.
The entire extended family of a Ohio nurse was killed in a plane crash filed against by the hospital.
The family home of a former Ohio nurse was killed in a fatal car crash filed against the hospital.
The family of one a Ohio nurse killed in 2005 in a plane crash filed against at the hospital.
The family of a Ohio nurse killed in such a crash was also also filed suit against the hospital.
Michael, Clarke, and Ricky Ponting can now sort out.
Michael Clarke and with friend Ricky Ponting we can sort out.
Michael J Clarke and Ricky Ponting we really can sort out.
Michael Clarke and then Ricky Van der Ponting can sort out.
Michael Clarke, and Ricky Van Ponting can not sort out.
The former Montreal Canadiens have also recalled goaltender Greg Pateryn.
The former Montreal Junior B Canadiens have recalled Greg Pateryn.
The former Montreal Canadiens players have also recalled Greg Pateryn.
The 2017 Montreal Junior Canadiens have recalled goaltender Greg Pateryn.
The Montreal Junior B Canadiens would have recalled Greg Pateryn.
All state approved driver's license centers nationwide will be closed.
All driver's - license centers located nationwide will be closed.
All state driver's - license license centers will be closed.
All driver's license registration data collection centers will be closed.
All state driver's - license registration centers will be closed.
RYANT Leonard who was after him for helping Southend United end their Morecambe hoodoo.
RYAN Leonard was after all, helping the Southend United end their infamous Morecambe hoodoo.
RYAN Leonard who was after all helping Southend United, endorse their Morecambe hoodoo.
RYANT Leonard was named after helping Southend United end their infamous, Morecambe hoodoo.
RYANT Leonard was after helping the local Southend United endorse their Morecambe hoodoo.
Iowa City will honor all its Vietnam veterans.
Iowa will also honor its fallen Vietnam veterans.
Iowa will also honor its own Vietnam veterans.
Iowa will honor all of its Vietnam veterans.
Iowa will also honor its own Vietnam veterans.
The Canadian City of Toronto has issued it an annual extreme cold - weather alert.
The Canadian City of the Environment Greater Toronto has issued an extreme cold weather alert.
The City Council of Toronto, also has issued it an extreme cold weather alert.
The City of Greater Toronto has also issued it an extreme cold - weather alert.
The Metropolitan City of Greater Toronto has issued an extreme cold mid - weather alert.
Two more Iranian warships also will dock themselves in Sudan.
Two more Iranian warships will also temporarily dock in Sudan.
Two Iranian warships, which will also dock in Sudan.
Two more Iranian warships will also docked in Sudan.
Two Iranian Royal Navy warships will also dock in Sudan.
Australia have finally notched up their first win, under Ewen McKenzie.
Australia would not have finally notched their win under captain Ewen McKenzie.
Australia would probably have then finally notched their win under Ewen McKenzie.
Australia have just finally notched up their win under coach Ewen McKenzie.
Australia would have finally successfully notched up their win under Ewen McKenzie.
Fleetwood - Mac's music coming to Calgary.
Fleetwood Mac's coming right back to Calgary.
Fleetwood Mac's coming back home to Calgary.
Fleetwood - Fleetwood Mac's coming to Calgary.
Fleetwood Mac's coming right back to Calgary.
Rents would have probably risen almost twice fast as wages.
Rents have risen nearly twice as very fast as wages.
Rents would have risen twice twice as fast as wages.
Rents have now risen, twice fast, as wages.
Rents have now risen almost to twice fast as wages.
GTT2 has also added 100 Gigabit wavelengths.
GTT has since added to 100 Gigabit wavelengths.
GTT has added to over 100 Gigabit wavelengths.
GTT has since added to 100 Gigabit wavelengths.
GTT has long since added 100 Gigabit wavelengths.
Dubai Child Health Cares extended education to more than $ 1. 2 - million children in 2013.
Dubai Child Health Cares extended education to more than $ 1. 2 million children annually in 2013.
Dubai Child Cares extended education services worldwide to serve more than 1. 2 million children in 2013.
Dubai Cares has successfully extended education to more of than than 1. 2 million children in 2013.
Dubai Child Cares has extended education to more than than 1. 2 million UAE children in 2013.
Warrens East School is taking up, by joining the new management board of Dyson.
Warren Easthams is taking him up, by joining, the board of Dyson.
Warrens East is taking up, partly, by joining the board, of Dyson.
Warrens East which position he is taking up, by joining the board of Dyson.
Warrens East is also taking it up, by joining to the board of Dyson.
Another former - Clarkson University student has been awarded with a very prestigious Goldwater Scholarship.
Another Clarkson University student, and who has been awarded a prestigious Barry Goldwater Scholarship.
Another Clarkson University student who has also been recently been awarded a prestigious Goldwater Scholarship.
Another Clarkson University student who graduated has been awarded with a very prestigious Goldwater Scholarship.
Another former Clarkson University graduate student has been awarded a very prestigious Barry Goldwater Scholarship.
Maryland faces George Washington Washington, as part of winning the BB & T T Classic.
Maryland faces the George Washington Washington, as part of the BBT & T Classic.
Maryland also faces George Washington, as part of winning the BBQ & T Classic.
Maryland also faces George Washington, as a part of the annual BB & T Classic.
Maryland also faces George Washington, as a part winner of the BB & T Classic.
Nikon has also announced two brand new DSLRs.
Nikon Corporation has also announced two new DSLRs.
Nikon has announced the first two new DSLRs.
Nikon has also recently announced two new DSLRs.
Nikon has also announced two brand new DSLRs.
Israel is becoming increasingly a real political security problem for the US.
Israel is now becoming a very real problem for both the US.
Israel is becoming such a very real political problem for the US.
Israel is becoming such a very real political problem for the US.
Israel itself is becoming increasingly a real problem especially for the US.
Missouri junior guard Jabari - Brown announced that he will not enter 2018 in the NBA draft.
Missouri junior guard Jabari Brown announced that 2017, he will not enter in the NBA draft.
Missouri junior college point guard, Jabari Brown announced he will enter in 2018 the NBA draft.
Missouri junior guard, Jabari Brown announced that he will enter college in the 2018 NBA draft.
Missouri State junior guard Jabari - James Brown announced that he will enter in the NBA draft.
Adventurers made a stronger person stronger.
Adventurers made a stronger person stronger.
Adventurers made a stronger person stronger.
Adventurers made a stronger person stronger.
Adventure made up a stronger person stronger.
On airing this week's Celebrity Hostages season 1, episode # # # 13 : Fight or Flight, Ellen reveals.
On this week's Celebrity Hostages, season 1, episode #. 13 : Fight or Flight, Mary Ellen reveals.
On this week's Hostages, in season - 1, episode # 13 titled : Fight or Flight, Ellen reveals.
On airing this week's Celebrity Hostages season 1, episode 13 : The Great American Fight or Flight, Ellen reveals.
On this week's Celebrity Hostages season - 1, episode 13 titled " : Fight or Flight, " Ellen reveals.
A construction firm has also been fined £3 120, 000 after a lorry driver car was crushed and killed by the heavy duty graphite parts.
A local firm has been fined £. 120, 000 000 after a local lorry driver was crushed and nearly killed by the heavy graphite parts.
A firm has been fined £ 120, 000, after in which a lorry driver was crushed, and was killed instantly by heavy graphite parts.
A firm has been subsequently fined £3 120, 000, after which a lorry driver himself was crushed, and killed by heavy graphite parts.
A firm has also been fined £ 120, 000 after a local lorry driver was crushed and nearly killed by the very heavy, graphite parts.
New Delhi, 24, February Four members of the a Muslim family were found dead morning.
New Delhi, India 24 Four members of a Muslim family were found dead on dead morning.
New Delhi, 24 February : Four members of a family member were also found dead morning.
New - Delhi, October, 24 Four members of a family were also found dead morning.
New Delhi, 24 Four members of such a very large family were also found dead morning.
Caterpillar will invest $ 14. 8 million to further re - expand on its plant in Corinth, Mississippi.
Caterpillar will also invest $ 14. 8 - million to further expand its manufacturing plant in Corinth, Mississippi.
Caterpillar will reportedly also invest $ 14. 8 million to further expand its manufacturing plant in Corinth, Mississippi.
Caterpillar will invest US $ 14. 8 million - million to expand its manufacturing plant in Corinth, Mississippi.
Caterpillar Nuclear Energy will invest $ 14. 8 million to further expand its plant facility in Corinth, Mississippi.
Lester, the Wynwood High Street cafe, closed.
Lester, and the former Wynwood cafe, closed.
Lester, and the former Wynwood cafe, closed.
Lester, and later the Wynwood cafe, closed.
Lester, the former Wynwood Street cafe, closed.
The number of today of Syrian refugees in Turkey today has grown to more than $ 600, 000.
The number of Syrian Muslim refugees in Turkey has grown up there to be more than 600, 000.
The number of Syrian Muslim refugees in Turkey has since grown to be more than than 600, 000.
The number of Syrian refugees living illegally abroad in Turkey has grown rapidly to more than 600, 000.
The number of displaced Syrian refugees in Turkey has grown steadily to more more than than 600, 000.
The Weather Channel program will also eventually return to DIRECTV.
The National Weather Channel news program will return to DIRECTV.
The Weather Channel Channel Channels will return to DIRECTV.
The Weather Channel news program will also return to DIRECTV.
The National Weather Channel will also temporarily return to DIRECTV.
A third man hit his own partner with a small plastic tube.
A third man hit his partner with a small, plastic tube.
A third man hit his partner hard with just a plastic tube.
A man hitched his partner with a very small plastic tube.
A third man hit his own sleeping partner with a plastic tube.
Supporters outside of funding the Cincinnati Metro streetcar project are planning to mobilize.
Supporters of funding the Cincinnati Loop streetcar project are planning ways to mobilize.
Supporters of the proposed Cincinnati streetcar project, they are planning to mobilize.
Supporters of funding the proposed Cincinnati streetcar project are also planning to mobilize.
Supporters of the proposed Cincinnati Metro streetcar project are also planning to mobilize.
The current population trend of Monarchia butterflies has crashed.
The population growth trend of the Monarch butterflies has crashed.
The population of Monarchia, butterflies, has crashed.
The current population growth trend of Monarch butterflies has crashed.
The population trend of Monarchid butterflies worldwide has crashed.
The Nashville Sens would have recalled Mark Borowiecki.
The Nashville Sens have recalled drummer Mark Borowiecki.
The Sens have also recalled quarterback Mark Borowiecki.
The Sens have recalled former drummer Mark Borowiecki.
The Sens have recalled former drummer Mark Borowiecki.
Carlton Cole could simply not still be seen coming back.
Carlton Cole could still not just not be coming back.
Carlton Cole could very probably still not be coming back.
Carlton Cole could still not possibly be seen coming back.
Carlton Cole could not still be easily seen coming back.
A College at Brockport student is currently facing drug trafficking and illegal assault and gun charges.
A Massachusetts Bay Community College at Brockport student body is facing drug and illegal gun charges.
A College at Brockport a student is also currently also facing drug and illegal gun charges.
A Community College at Brockport student body is facing drug and other illegal assault gun charges.
A Boston College student at Brockport student body is facing drug and illegal assault gun charges.
Diamond Head Mountain Foods may sell Kettle Foods.
Diamond Foods also may sell Diamond Kettle Foods.
Diamond - Head Foods may sell Kettle Foods.
Diamond Foods may also sell Diamond Kettle Foods.
Diamond Foods also may also sell Kettle Foods.
Nuneaton Town also have signed QPR City FC defender Sam Magri on loan.
Nuneaton Town also have recently also signed QPR defender Sam Magri on loan.
Nuneaton Town have signed QPR City defender, Samy Magri on loan.
Nuneaton Town also have signed former QPR defender Sam Magribi on loan.
Nuneaton Town, also have signed QPR defender Sam Magri, on loan.
Eric Abidal is angry at just just how quickly his Barcelona career came to such an end.
Eric Abidal is now also angry at how his Barcelona career came almost to such an end.
Eric Abidal is angry at him seeing as how his Barcelona career came to such an end.
Eric Abidal is angry right now at seeing how his FC Barcelona career came to an end.
Erick Abidal is angry at how his FC Barcelona club career came to such an end.
A vote for a full Scottish independence also could harm the whole country's energy sector.
A vote calling for full Scottish independence could harm the whole whole country's energy sector.
A referendum vote calling for a full Scottish independence could harm the country's energy sector.
A vote for full Scottish independence could also harm the country's renewable - energy sector.
A vote calling for for Scottish independence, could seriously harm the country's energy sector.
The two Academy class day escapees are back together in custody.
The two Academy class escapees then are back together in custody.
The two Academy class escapees then are back together in custody.
The other two Naval Academy Academy escapees are back in custody.
The other two Naval Academy escapees are back together in custody.
Arvind Kejriwal was also enacting drama, to hog attention and to gain some sympathy.
Arvind Kejriwale was enacting drama, to hog some attention, and some sympathy.
Arvind Kejriwale, was also enacting drama to hog attention and gain some sympathy.
Arvind Singh Kejriwal was enacting a drama to attract hog attention, and some sympathy.
Arvind Kumar Kejriwal was enacting the drama, to hog some attention and some sympathy.
US Postal Service officials say they're very unlikely to rebuild even a post office building in the Kauai town of Te Te Hanamaulu after almost having a fire destroyed.
US Postal General Service Service officials say that " they're unlikely to rebuild a new post office " in either the Kauai town of Hanamaulu after a fire destroyed.
US Postal Service officials say that they're unlikely yet to successfully successfully rebuild a post office building in the Kauai town centre of Te Hanamaulu after a fire destroyed.
US Postal Service officials say they're unlikely to rebuild a post office building in the Kauai town centre of Te Te Hanamaulua after having a major fire destroyed.
US Postal Service Service Department officials say that they're very unlikely to rebuild a post office in the central Kauai County town center of Hanamaulu after a fire destroyed.
Nicole Scherzinger was the judge to arrive, just ahead of the first live X Factor launch.
Nicole Scherzinger was the first judge to arrive ahead of her winning the German X Factor launch.
Nicole Scherzinger was the judge chosen to arrive well ahead ahead of winning the X Factor launch.
Nicolette Scherzinger was among the judge to arrive ahead ahead of the UK X Factor launch.
Nicole Scherzinger was also the first German female judge to arrive ahead of the X Factor launch.
British Airways is inviting the many international GCC tourists to visit Britain.
British European Airways is also inviting GCC tourists abroad to visit Britain.
British Airways International UK Ltd is inviting GCC tourists to visit Britain.
British Airways UK is inviting the GCC tourists to regularly visit Britain.
British Airways is also currently inviting more GCC tourists to visit Britain.
His human side had made him hard work.
His sidekicks had made hard work.
His side had been always made hard work.
His good side had been made hard work.
His side injuries had made it hard work.
Alec and Baldwin attacked by a photographer.
Alec Baldwin attacked him by a photographer.
Alec Baldwin is attacked by a photographer.
Alec Baldwin himself later attacked a photographer.
Alec Baldwin is attacked by a photographer.
Apple Watch has topped the Apple CoolBrands list.
Apple has topped all the Apple CoolBrands list.
Apple Media Watch has topped the CoolBrands list.
Apple has recently also topped the CoolBrands list.
Apple has also topped the Apple CoolBrands list.
Planners approved the permit for extensions for all three mobile vendors.
Planners approved a permit range of extensions for three mobile vendors.
Planners approved the permit for extensions for three different mobile vendors.
Planners have approved permit extensions for all three major mobile vendors.
Planners approved permit extensions, only, for three mobile vendors.
What matters is the two best E - cigs.
What is the two best known E - cigs.
What matters is with the best E - cigs.
What really matters is the best E - cigs.
What is the two best Ear - cigs.
Arctic Monkeys could be on course to beat Daft Punk, for winning the most prestigious title prize of the fastest - selling album of 2013.
Arctic Monkeys also could be on course, set to beat Daft Punk, for the most prestigious title of the fastest selling album of 2013.
Arctic Monkeys could be on quite the course to beat Daft Punk for the title of the third fastest - selling album worldwide as of 2013.
Arctic Monkeys also could be seen on course to beat Daft Punk Punk for the title of being voted the fastest - selling album of 2013.
Arctic Sea Monkeys also could be on course set to beat Daft Punk Punk for the prestigious title of the third fastest selling album of 2013.
The Sharks have also recently signed former England Lions international prop Matt Stevens.
The Sale Sharks also have signed former England Lions prop, Matt Stevens.
The Sharks have signed the former England Golden Lions prop, Matt Stevens.
The Sharks also have signed the injured former England Lions prop Matt Stevens.
The Sharks also have signed former New England Lions international prop Matt Stevens.
A Capital One National Bank located downtown at 356 North Central Avenue, in Valleys - Stream, was allegedly robbed by a man who presented a demand note.
A Capital One Bank located at 3561 North West Central Avenue in Valley - Stream was robbed by allegedly a man who presented a banknote on demand note.
A Capital One One Bank located at address # 3561 North Central Avenue in the Valley Stream was robbed twice by a man who presented a bank demand note.
A Capital One Bank located at address # 3561 North Central Avenue, in Valley Stream was robbed by a young man who had presented him a demand note.
A Capital One National Bank located located at 3561 North Central Park Avenue in Valley Stream was also allegedly robbed by a man, who presented a demand note.
WasteZero is expanding from its recycling and waste recycling and manufacturing plant in Hemingway, SC.
WasteZeros is expanding with its recycling center and manufacturing plant facility in Hemingway, SC.
WasteZeros is also expanding its recycling center and manufacturing service plant in Hemingway, SC.
WasteZero is expanding its waste recycling and manufacturing and distribution service plant in Hemingway, SC.
WasteZero is also expanding its solid waste, recycling and manufacturing plant in Hemingway, SC.
Home mortgage prices being sold in 20 major Western US cities rose by the most in more than seven years.
Home mortgage prices in 20 US cities have rose by far the most in history no more than seven years.
Home mortgage prices sold in all 20 US cities rose ever by the most in no more than seven years.
Home equity prices in 20 US cities have rose by far the most amount in more than than seven years.
Home mortgage prices recorded in 20 major US cities rose by far the most in more than than seven years.
A then record number of Kentuckians would have registered not to vote.
A record number of Kentuckians have been registered but not to vote.
A record number of Kentuckians have registered but not yet to vote.
A record - high percentage number of Kentuckians have registered to vote.
A then then record number of Kentuckians have also registered to vote.
Nicolas Almagro has pulled out ahead of the 2018 Australian Tennis Open, due to a serious shoulder injury.
Nicolas Almagro has pulled out training ahead of the upcoming upcoming 2018 Australian Open due to a shoulder injury.
Nicolas Almagro has pulled out of the Australian Tennis Association Open due to to a very serious shoulder injury.
Nicolas Almagro has pulled out of competition playing at the 2018 Australian Open due to suffering a shoulder injury.
Nicolas Almagro has recently pulled himself himself out of the Australian Tennis Open due back to a shoulder injury.
The Venice Commission report also recommends to amend the tax collection bill on the prosecutor's office.
The proposed new EU Venice Commission recommends to amend the bill based on the prosecutor's office.
The Venice Commission recommends it to Congress amend the original bill on the federal prosecutor's office.
The Venice Treaty Commission recommends to Congress amend the bill based on the public prosecutor's office.
The Venice Commission report also recommends to amend the bill on the Italian public prosecutor's office.
Tonya Abbott urged Indonesia to help help normalize relations.
Tonya Abbott urged Indonesia government to help normalize relations.
Tony Abbott also urged Indonesia to help help normalize relations.
Tony Abbott also urged for Indonesia not to normalize relations.
Tony Abbott urged Indonesia government officials not to normalize relations.
A trial date is set out for four local Catholic Amish families.
A trial court date schedule is set out for four Amish families.
A trial date is set for the four remaining local Amish families.
A trial date date is also set out for four Amish families.
A new trial date is set out for all four Amish families.
A vehicle crashed heavily into in a nearby propane tank.
A police patrol vehicle crashed into a nearby propane tank.
A second vehicle crashed, heavily into a propane tank.
A second second vehicle crashed heavily into a propane tank.
A second vehicle also crashed into in a propane tank.
Amazon, as did the website, went.
Amazon, just as the website, went.
Amazon, as the official website, went.
Amazon, just as the website, went.
Amazon, as the official website, went.
Amanda - Bynes has also recently checked out of rehab.
Amanda Bynes has checked out and is out of rehab.
Amanda - Bynes has checked on her out of rehab.
Amanda - Amanda Bynes has recently checked out of rehab.
Amanda King - Bynes has checked her out of rehab.
284 people are reported missing, after a South - Korean ferry sank.
284 people living worldwide are missing after a South Korean passenger ferry sank.
284 people reported missing are missing after a nearby South Korean ferry sank.
284 other people are missing, after a nearby South Korean ferry sank.
284 people are reported missing, after a nearby South Korean ferry sank.
Coronation Street doctor John Oliver says Mellor should not be taking he's dating actress Rhian Sugden.
Coronation Street doctor thinks Oliver and Mellor should be in the taking he's dating Rhian Sugden.
Coronation Street doctor thinks Oliver and Mellor should be in taking he's dating, Rhian Sugden.
Coronation - Street doctor Oliver Mellor should be in the taking he's dating, Rhian Sugden.
Coronation Street doctor thinks Oliver Mellor should be taking he's been dating the actress Rhian Sugden.
DANIEL Radcliffe, has revealed he uses the test to decide if actor, Michael Fassbender should not accept at all any movie role offers.
DANIEL Radcliffe, has revealed that he uses of the test to decide on if Michael John Fassbender himself should accept any movie role offers.
DANIEL Daniel Radcliffe has also publicly publicly revealed he uses the test to decide if actress Michaela Fassbender should accept any movie role offers.
DANIEL Radcliffe has since revealed he also uses the test to help decide if Michaela Lee Fassbender should accept any potential movie role offers.
DANIEL Radcliffe has revealed he uses of the test to decide if actor Michael Fassbender himself,, should accept any movie or role offers.
ACTOR : Philip Seymour Hoffman, was found and shot dead in his New York apartment.
ACTOR Philip Seymour Hoffman was found presumed dead in at least least his New York apartment.
ACTOR Philip Seymour Hoffman was found, dead, and in his old New York apartment.
ACTOR Philip Philip Seymour Hoffman Hoffman, was found dead, in his New York apartment.
ACTOR : Philip Seymour Hoffman Hoffman Hoffman was found dead, in his New York apartment.
The Old Republic, or, the World of Tanks has passed the 1. 1 - million - million concurrent users milestone.
The New, Old Republic, the New, New World of Tanks has passed the 1. 1 million concurrent users milestone.
The Olde English Republic, the World of Think Tanks has also passed through the 1. 1 million concurrent users milestone.
The American Old Republic, the World Grand Champion of Tanks has passed the $ 1. 5 1 million concurrent users milestone.
The American Old Republic, the World Grand Champion of Light Tanks has passed the 1. 1 million concurrent - users milestone.
The currently only other new canopy donated is at the Willits airport.
The only new canopy donated today is located at the Willits airport.
The new new aircraft canopy donated, is at the Willits airport.
The new aircraft canopy donated is at nearby the Fort Willits airport.
The new canopy donated to aircraft is at the Fort Willits airport.
The 6th deal out of Sony's 12 Deals of Christmas deals is, just as revealed Sony.
The May 6th deal of Sony's 12 Deals of the Christmas series is, as revealed Sony.
The 6th deal out of Sony's 12 Very Best Deals as of Christmas is, revealed Sony.
The 6th album deal of the Sony's 12 album Deals of Christmas series is, revealed Sony.
The 6th album deal of the Sony's 12 Deals of Christmas series is, as revealed Sony.
Jordan - Henderson has insisted Liverpool football fans can finish on a high.
Jordan Henderson, has insisted that Liverpool can not finish on a high.
Jordan Henderson, has insisted Liverpool fans can finish on such a high.
Jordan - Henderson has insisted that Liverpool can finish off on a high.
Jordan Henderson has also insisted Liverpool fans can not finish on a high.
Senate leaders have since reached such as a plea deal to avoid and end the government shutdown.
Senate leaders have reached a deal to both avoid and to ultimately help end the government shutdown.
Senate minority leaders have reached a deal designed to avoid and end the ongoing federal government shutdown.
Senate leaders have reached for a deal to avoid and to endorse the federal government shutdown.
Senate leaders have long since reached up a plea deal to avoid and end the government shutdown.
It's to not lie low on our own online dating profiles.
It's hard to lie on our own personal online dating profiles.
It's to lie low, on our online and dating profiles.
It's to lie on all our other online - dating profiles.
It's so hard to lie low on our online dating profiles.
Pepe Melo feels that the team have got their belief back.
Pepe Mel feels the team members should have their original belief back.
Pepe Mel feels that the team should have got their belief back.
Pepe and Mel feels that the other team have their belief back.
Pepe Mel feels the whole and other team have their belief back.
North Carolina Republican House members of the Congress are being urged to close the Medicare loopholes.
North Carolina - Carolina members of Congress are being strongly - urged to close Medicare loopholes.
North Carolina members sitting out of Congress are also being urged to close the Medicare loopholes.
North Carolina members out of across the Congress are being urged not to close Medicare loopholes.
North Carolina members of the Congress, are also being urged on to close Medicare loopholes.
Six Australians, were also killed a Laotian plane crashed.
Six Australians were killed when a Royal Lao Navy plane crashed.
Sixteen other Australians were also killed a Lao plane crashed.
Six other Australians were killed, when a Lao plane crashed.
Six Australians were killed when a Royal Lao Navy plane crashed.
Jay McGuinesson, was knocked out at an East Essex bar.
Jay McGuiness was knocked out drunk at an East of Essex bar.
Jayden - McGuiness was knocked out at an East Essex bar.
Jayden McGuinesson was knocked out drunk at an Essex bar.
Jayden - McGuiness was knocked out at an East Essex bar.
Market Force Information has also launched KnowledgeForce, a customer service and intelligence platform.
Market Forced Information Technology has launched KnowledgeForce, a global customer intelligence platform.
Market Task Force Information has launched KnowledgeForce, as well a customer intelligence platform.
Market Forced Information has launched the KnowledgeForce, a global customer intelligence platform.
Market Task Force Information has also launched the KnowledgeForce, a customer intelligence platform.
Taiwan Mint has unveiled another new mint variety made of jujube.
Taiwan Airlines also has unveiled another brand new variety of jujube.
Taiwan has unveiled another brand new variety, made of jujube.
Taiwan has also unveiled another new regional variety made of jujube.
Taiwan has also unveiled another new variety made out of jujube.
Pakistan said that it has decided not to resume cross - the - border trade in Kashmir.
Pakistan said it too has now also decided to resume cross - border trade operations in Kashmir.
Pakistan has said it has been decided not to not resume cross - border trade in Kashmir.
Pakistan said it too has been decided not even to resume cross - border trade in Kashmir.
Pakistan said it has now also decided to resume cross - - border trade operations in Kashmir.
Wood stoves ashes ashes are also the suspected cause of a large garage fire.
Wood stove, ashes, are the suspected and primary cause of a garage fire.
Wooden stove ashes, which are also the suspected cause of a garage fire.
Wooden stove, ashes, are the suspected cause of a large garage fire.
Wood stoves ashes are the most suspected primary cause of a large garage fire.
A new govt of the national youth will also come back to power in 2014.
A new govt committee of the youth will also have come to power in 2014.
A brand new govt committee of all the youth will come to power in 2014.
A govt of the local political youth will come back up to power in 2014.
A govt of the local youth will also come to the political power in 2014.
An Alabama farm man died in fighting a house fire, escaping but only after successfully helping his pregnant wife escape.
An elderly Alabama man died later in fighting a house fire, but only after helping help his pregnant wife escape.
An Alabama black man died later in a house fire, but only days after helping his now pregnant wife escape.
An Alabama man later died in a house fire, escaping but only escaping after helping his now pregnant wife escape.
An Alabaman farm man died in fighting a nearby house fire, but only died after helping his wife escape.
Oil oil fuel prices rebounded amid oil bargaineer hunting and concerns over Iraqi exports.
Oil oil fuel prices rebounded amid poor bargain hunting practices and concerns over Iraqi exports.
Oil prices rebounded amid poor bargaineer hunting, and concerns over declining Iraqi exports.
Oil prices have rebounded amid bargain hunting, and security concerns over declining Iraqi exports.
Oil prices have rebounded amid poor bargain hunting practices and concerns over declining Iraqi exports.
Jai and Soni also got married.
Jai and Soni also got married.
Jai and Soni also got married.
Jai Soni also later got married.
Jai and Soni also got married.
Israel has approved of the forced release of a group of Palestinian prisoners.
Israel has approved the immediate early release of a group of Palestinian prisoners.
Israel has approved of the immediate release of a group of Palestinian prisoners.
Israel approved the release of a relatively small group of former Palestinian prisoners.
Israel approved the release only of a small group composed of Palestinian prisoners.
Two staff have been recently taken to hospital after a suspected chemical fuel spill at the a local Catholic Northampton school.
Two staff have since also been taken to hospital, after a previously suspected chemical spill occurred at a Northampton school.
Two staff have also been recently taken to hospital, after investigating a suspected toxic chemical spill at a Northampton school.
Two staff have been forcibly taken back to hospital after a suspected toxic chemical spill at the the a Northampton school.
Two staff members have since also been taken to hospital after a previously suspected chemical fuel spill at a Northampton school.
Asian markets today are exhibiting with a more mixed trend.
Asian markets are not exhibiting such as a mixed trend.
Asian markets are exhibiting with a more recent mixed trend.
Asian markets are also increasingly exhibiting a more mixed trend.
Asian markets are now also also exhibiting a mixed trend.
Hogan Lovells, the law law - enforcement firm, will merge it with a South African firm.
Hogan & Lovells, the law enforcement law firm, will merge with a larger South African firm.
Hogan Lovells, is the law firm, which announced it will merge with a South African firm.
Hogan Lovells, the Australian law firm, which will merge with a new South - African firm.
Hogan Lovells, the law firm, which will merge with a much larger, South African firm.
Lohann feels more like a helpless prisoner. all of the time.
Lohan always feels like a prisoner. all the part of the time.
Lohann feels like a helpless prisoner. all of all the time.
Lohan feels more like a prisoner. all the part of the time.
Lohan feels like a helpless prisoner. all of all of the time.
Two events where he - he dealt - are a featured comic - book series.
Two events he - he - dealt - with are featured comic - book series.
Two events - he is dealt - and are a featured comic - book series.
Two events he was dealt - he dealt himself - are featured comic book series.
Two major historical events - those he has dealt - are featured comic book series.
Kickstarter funding has also been hacked.
Kickstarter funding campaign has been hacked.
Kickstarter has also also been hacked.
Kickstarter has also recently been hacked.
Kickstarter funding has also been hacked.
Mustafa Dzhemilev also urged Natochev to intervene again in Crimea to help avert a massacre.
Mustafa Pasha and Dzhemilev urged Nato to immediately personally intervene in Crimea to avert a massacre.
Mustafa Dzhemilev urged the Nato to intervene again, in Crimea, to avert a massacre.
Mustafa Dzhemilev urged Nato to immediately personally intervene in securing the Crimea to avert a massacre.
Mustafa Dzhemilev urged Mustafa Natoşa to intervene in Crimea and to avert a massacre.
Newcastle United'midfielder Cheicko Tiote admitted buying a fake fake licence.
Newcastle United midfielder, John Cheicko Tiote admitted buying a fake licence.
Newcastle United midfielder, Cheick Tiote, admitted to buying a fake licence.
Newcastle United'midfielder Cheick Tiote later admitted to buying a fake licence.
Newcastle - based United midfielder, Cheick Tiote admitted buying a fake licence.
Schrödinger and DeltaSoft Technologies have announced that they have entered into a new strategic partnership.
Schrödinger Games and publisher DeltaSoft announced they have entered together into such a strategic partnership.
Schrödinger and game developer DeltaSoft announced they have entered into on a new strategic partnership.
Schrödinger Games and DeltaSoft announced they both would have also entered into a strategic partnership.
Schrödinger and developer developer DeltaSoft have announced they have entered into into a strategic partnership.
About 212 such emergency situations have already been officially registered in Kyrgyzstan for about 9 months as of 2013, that is.
About 212 emergency and medical situations have already been registered in Kyrgyzstan, effective for 9 months of 2013, that is.
About 212 emergency medical situations have been officially officially - registered in Kyrgyzstan, for 9 months of 2013, that is.
About 2120 different emergency situations units have already been registered in Kyrgyzstan for 9 months of December 2013, that is.
About 212 emergency situations incidents alone have been registered anywhere in Kyrgyzstan for 9 months of December 2013, if that is.
Lisa Marie Presley, singer, who says her Twitter account was hacked.
Lisa - Anne Marie Presley, says her Twitter account, was hacked.
Lisa Marie, formerly Presley, also says her Twitter account was hacked.
Lisa Marie Presley, says her personal Twitter user - account was hacked.
Lisa Marie Presley Presley, says her Twitter account, which was hacked.
The total number number of US war criminals exonerated in 2013 climbed to a world record high.
The number of convicted US criminals exonerated him in 2013 climbed to almost a world record high.
The number number of US war criminals exonerated in May 2013 climbed to a world record high.
The number of US criminals being exonerated in 2013 climbed up to have become a record high.
The number of US criminals after being exonerated starting in January 2013 climbed to a record high.
Star Wars invaded in on the library.
Star - Guild Wars invaded the library.
Star - Wars invaded into the library.
Star - Wars invaded in the library.
Star Wars is invaded in the library.
A University Press of Minnesota Minnesota student was badly hurt during such a halftime competition.
A University of Minnesota student was hurt during such such a large scale halftime competition.
A University Press of Minnesota graduate student also was hurt during such a halftime competition.
A University Press of Minnesota senior graduate student was hurt during such a halftime competition.
A University of Minnesota student athlete athlete was severely hurt during a televised halftime competition.
A local bigamist has reportedly also been arrested in New London.
A prominent, local bigamist has been arrested in New London.
A bigamist man has been arrested somewhere, in New London.
A local bigamist has also been arrested in the New London.
A bigamist has also recently been recently arrested in New London.
We Are Scientists PAWSS and was stormed at Bowery Ballroom.
We Are the Scientists and the PAWS stormed at Bowery Ballroom.
We Are the Scientists PAWS stormed in at the Bowery Ballroom.
We Are Scientists PAWSS and stormed at the Bowery Ballroom.
We Are Scientists PAWS stormed back - in at Bowery Ballroom.
Cauley - Woodrow Wilson also warns his Fulham teammates not to get too carried away.
Cauley - Mr Woodrow warns all his Fulham teammates not not to get carried away.
Cauley - Woodrow warns his Fulham teammates not to get too far or carried away.
Cauley Woodrow warns his two former Fulham teammates not just to get too carried away.
Cauley Woodrow warns his former Fulham teammates not to get too too far carried away.
Two Afghan men dressed in army uniforms turned, eventually, into killing two US troops.
Two Afghan men dressed in Afghan army green uniforms turned, reportedly killing two US troops.
Two young Afghan men dressed only in army green uniforms turned, killing two US troops.
Two more heavily armed Afghan men in army uniforms turned, killing two more US troops.
Two Afghan security men, dressed in army green uniforms turned, killing two US troops.
The chain Sbarro, LLC LLC, has filed for bankruptcy protection.
The restaurant chain Sbarro, LLC has filed for federal bankruptcy protection.
The chain Sbarro LLC has since filed applications for federal bankruptcy protection.
The restaurant chain owner Sbarro LLC has filed for federal bankruptcy protection.
The restaurant chain Sbarro LLC. has filed for federal bankruptcy protection.
A street vendor was executed, allegedly for allegedly killing two officers.
A street vendor, he was later executed for killing two officers.
A street vendor was also executed for allegedly accidentally killing two officers.
A local street vendor was executed, for killing the two officers.
A local street vendor was executed, for killing the two officers.
Lance Berkman and Roy Oswalt, respectively were signed and retired.
Lancelot, Berkman and Royston Oswalt signed and retired.
Lancelot Berkman and Roy Oswalt signed him up and retired.
Lance Berkman signed and manager Royston Oswalt signed and retired.
Lancelot Berkman and new manager Roy Oswalt signed and retired.
An incumbent assemblyman has conceded defeat in an election after a recount showed.
An assemblyman who lost has not conceded an election after a recount showed.
An assemblyman has conceded in an indirect election held after a recount showed.
An assemblyman who resigned has conceded an early election after a recount showed.
An assemblyman has conceded an early general election election after a recount showed.
A Dutch young man has been formally charged, over the alleged murders of two teenagers.
A Dutch young man has been been charged with over the murders of the two teenagers.
A Dutch young man has recently also been charged over committing the murders of two teenagers.
A Dutch young man who has been charged over the attempted child murders of two teenagers.
A Dutch man has been formally formally charged over the two alleged murders of two teenagers.
Zimmerman was charged again with an aggravated assault.
Zimmerman was also charged twice with aggravated assault.
Zimmerman was charged again, with aggravated assault.
Zimmerman also later was charged with aggravated assault.
Zimmerman was charged again with an aggravated assault.
A woman drowned while while out swimming off of Clearwater Beach.
A woman also drowned while swimming further upstream off Clearwater Beach.
A young woman drowned, while swimming, off Clearwater Beach.
A woman was also drowned while swimming off of Clearwater Beach.
A woman drowned while swimming, just off of Clearwater Beach.
Facebook unveiled also an additional anonymous login feature.
Facebook unveiled also an additional anonymous login feature.
Facebook unveiled an anonymous personal Twitter login feature.
Facebook also unveiled an anonymous Twitter login feature.
Facebook unveiled also an anonymous - login feature.
Nigel Pearson has been told his new Leicester City side to come play with as a desire.
Nigel Pearson himself has always told his Leicester - City side to play football with a desire.
Nigella Pearson has also told his former Leicester City side to always play with a desire.
Nigel Pearson has told his former club Leicester City side to only play him with a desire.
Nigel Pearson has also told his Leicester - City side to " always play with a desire.
Farooq Sheikh died of having a heart attack.
Farooq Sheikh died of having a heart attack.
Farooq Sheikh Ahmed died suddenly of heart attack.
Farooq Sheikh Ahmed died of a heart attack.
Farooquddin Ahmed Sheikh died of heart attack.
Police have released this biographical sketch of a young black man suspected of committing such lewd acts.
Police have released this sketch of a man falsely suspected of allegedly committing sexually motivated lewd acts.
Police investigators have long since released only this sketch of a man suspected of committing lewd acts.
Police have released this sketch, of a man falsely suspected of allegedly sexually committing lewd acts.
Police have released only this sketch of depicting a man suspected of conspiracy of committing lewd acts.
Subrata Roy was ordered to also remain and held in custody.
Subrata Singh Roya was also ordered to remain in custody.
Subrata Roya was ordered to remain overnight and in custody.
Subrata Roy was ordered to personally remain there overnight in custody.
Subrata Roy was also ordered not to remain overnight in custody.
Jim Belushi will bring in an upcoming sketch comedy variety show to the new Ridgefield Playhouse.
Jimi Belushi will bring in an upcoming sketch - comedy show to the Ridgefield Playhouse.
Jim Belushi will bring back an sketch - based comedy show back to the Ridgefield Playhouse.
Jimi Belushi will bring an annual sketch - comedy variety show to the Ridgefield Playhouse.
Jim Belushi Productions will bring an sketch - comedy variety show to at the Ridgefield Playhouse.
Brodie then signed on with the Flames is.
Brodie signed with what now the Flames is.
Brodie signed on with what the Flames is.
Brodie then signed with the Calgary Flames is.
Brodie then signed on with the Flames is.
Potholes would pop popping up from all over Hampton Roads streets.
Potholes pop up from all over the busy Hampton Roads streets.
Potholes would pop up everywhere from all over Hampton Roads streets.
Potholes will pop up all night over Hamptons Roads streets.
Potholes pops all up all over the Hampton Roads streets.
How to safely prevent cracking and thawing frozen pipes.
How important to prevent and to help thaw frozen pipes.
How difficult to both prevent and thaw the frozen pipes.
How to properly prevent and even thaw the frozen pipes.
How to properly prevent and thaw the already frozen pipes.
State Farm Insurance will also move some part of all its employees.
State Farm Life Life Insurance will move some of all its employees.
State Farm Life Insurance will move some $ 200 of its employees.
State - Farm Insurance will also also move some of its employees.
State - Farm Insurance Company will move some 200 of its employees.
Samad - Oppong is close enough to his signing for Ethnikos Achnas.
Samad Oppong is close to his goal signings for Ethnikos Achnas.
Samadji Oppongi is close enough to signing for Ethnikos Achnas.
Samad Oppongis is close to his signing on for Ethnikos Achnas.
Samad Oppong is close now enough to signing for Alpha Ethnikos Achnas.
Greek parliament passed such a bill lifting - down the ban on Greek Sunday shopping.
Greek Cypriot Cypriot parliament also successfully passed a bill lifting the ban on Sunday shopping.
Greek parliament passed a controversial bill lifting the ban on all Greek Orthodox Sunday shopping.
Greek parliament passed a highly controversial bill lifting the Greek ban on Greek Sunday shopping.
Greek Cypriot parliament passed a bill lifting down the Greek ban on Greek Sunday shopping.
A former Berkeley man was charged, twice with fatally and shooting a man in Ferguson.
A former Berkeley man who was charged with fatally shot for shooting a man in Ferguson.
A Berkeley man was charged with shooting and fatally shooting a man then living in Ferguson.
A former Berkeley man was charged with fatally one shot shooting a man living in Ferguson.
A Berkeley County man was later charged with fatally shooting at a black man in Ferguson.
A large DEADA seal that washed up on East Hamptons beach may have been shot.
A DEAD sealer that had washed - up on Hampton beach may have also been shot.
A DEAD sealer boat that washed up on Hamptons beach may have also been shot.
A large DEADA seal that had washed up on Hamptons beach may have been shot.
A DEADA seal seal that washed up on East Hampton beach, may have been shot.
Avonte de Oquendo, remains missing.
Avonte de Oquendo, remains missing.
Avonte de Oquendo also remains missing.
Avonte de Oquendo, remains missing.
Avonte de Oquendo also remains missing.
The Toronto Toronto Maple Leafs have since then also acquired Peter Holland and Brad Staubitz from then the Anaheim Ducks.
The Toronto Maple - Maple Leaf Leafs have acquired forwards Peter Holland and Brad Staubitzky from the Anaheim Ducks.
The newly expansion Toronto Maple Leafs have acquired forwards Peter Holland and Brad Staubitzky from then the Anaheim Ducks.
The expansion expansion Toronto Maple Leafs have recently also recently acquired Peter Holland and Brad Staubitz from the Anaheim Ducks.
The Toronto Toronto Maple Leafs would also have acquired Peter Van Holland and Brad Staubitzky from the Anaheim Ducks.
Nicole Scherzinger has also stole the spotlight.
Nicolette and Scherzinger stole the spotlight.
Nicolette Scherzinger stole into the spotlight.
Nicolette and Scherzinger stole the spotlight.
Nicole Scherzinger also later stole the spotlight.
Nick Symmonds dedicated his Olympic silver - medal win to both his gay fans and friends.
Nick Symmonds dedicated his Olympic silver medal win to his being openly openly gay and friends.
Nick Symmonds has dedicated his silver medal relay win to his friends being gay and friends.
Nick Symmonds has dedicated all his silver medal medal - win to his gay and friends.
Nick Symmonds dedicated all his silver medal win to his friends being gay, and friends.
Trust in the police has also also often been severely, shaken by corruption scandals.
Trust in the police has been being eroded severely, shaken, by corruption scandals.
Trust in the local local police has also been being severely shaken by corruption scandals.
Trusts in the police has also been severely shaken up by recent corruption scandals.
Trust in the local police has been severely shaken up by recent police corruption scandals.
Perri Shakes - Michael Drayton also could miss, not including the Commonwealth Games.
Perri Shakes - Drayton could miss, not including the 2014 Glasgow Commonwealth Games.
Perri Shakes Leigh - Drayton also also could miss, including the Commonwealth Games.
Perri - Shakes - Drayton could also not miss, including the Commonwealth Games.
Perri Shakes Leigh - Drayton also could miss, not including the Commonwealth Games.
A lost Great Western, Massachusetts hiker was rescued, after spending a cold night in the Great White Mountains.
A recently lost Western Massachusetts hiker was finally rescued after spending a bitterly cold winter night in the White Mountains.
A recently lost Massachusetts hiker was rescued, after spending a long cold night hiking in between the White Mountains.
A lost Massachusetts mountain hiker was rescued, after spending a cold night alone, in the Great White Mountains.
A lost Massachusetts mountain hiker, who himself was rescued after accidentally spending a cold night in the White Mountains.
How can retail investors play even such a more politically active role.
How often can the retail investors also play a more active role.
How can the retail investors play a much more politically active role.
How can retailing investors play a more than politically active role.
How often can retailing investors play a more politically active role.
RBS confirms its initial plans for a £ 38bn for bad bank.
RBS confirms plans, which are for a £ 38bn bad bank.
RBS confirms plans for a further £ 38bn to a bad bank.
RBS confirms its plans are for acquiring a £ 38bn bad bank.
RBS confirms plans are for establishing a £. 38bn bad bank.
A rusty forklift still partially buried sank into a sidewalk.
A forklift partially collapsed sank into on to a sidewalk.
A forklift partially sank into it on to a sidewalk.
A rusty old forklift partially sank into on a sidewalk.
A rusty forklift partially buried and sank into a sidewalk.
Michael - Carrick insists his side won't ever get too carried away.
Michael Carrick insists his emotional side won't get getting him carried away.
Michael - Carrick insists that his sidekick won't get carried away.
Michael Carrick insists his handsome new sidekick won't get carried away.
Michael Carrick insists however, that his side won't get carried away.
A government security official and possibly his pregnant wife were found dead.
A government security official and possibly even his wife were found dead.
A government official and possibly his wife were also later found dead.
A government senior national security official and his wife were found dead.
A government official and, quite possibly his wife were found dead.
Tony and Franklin will return to help manage all the Thunder.
Tony and Franklin will later return to help manage the Thunder.
Tony Franklin, will return to help him manage the Thunder.
Tony Franklin will later return home to help manage the Thunder.
Tony and Franklin, will return to help manage the Thunder.
AdvantEdge Healthcare Solutions is also launching with it its QualityEdge SME information capture service.
AdvantEdge Healthcare Information capture Solutions LLC is launching its QualityEdge SME information capture service.
AdvantEdge Global Healthcare Solutions LLC, is launching its QualityEdge - SM information capture service.
AdvantEdge Healthcare Solutions LLC is launching its own QualityEdge SM information data - capture service.
AdvantEdge Healthcare Information Solutions, LLC, is launching its QualityEdge SM information capture service.
T. R Harish Rao has slapped a defamation court notice and Pawan Kalyan.
T. Harishwara Rao slapped out a defamation notice and arrested Pawan Kalyan.
T. Harishwara Rao slapped a public defamation court notice and Pawan Kalyan.
T. Harish Rao slapped him out a defamation notice and arrested Pawan Kalyan.
T. P V Harish Rao slapped a defamation notice and arrested Pawan Kalyan.
A Italian eatery that night is closing all its doors.
A huge Italian eatery that is closing all its doors.
A Italian eatery that is closing down all its doors.
A very small small Italian eatery is closing its doors.
A Italian eatery is closing all of all its doors.
Madonna has renounced posted a very candid picture online on Instagram showing behind her a hairy armpit.
Madonna has renounced posted such a candid picture online on her Instagram, showing her hairy armpit.
Madonna has renounced posted a candid picture on her Instagram account showing off of her hairy armpit.
Madonna herself has renounced and posted a candid nude picture on Instagram, showing her hairy armpit.
Madonna has renounced posted of her a candid picture on Instagram showing her with a hairy armpit.
Spain will freeze its very own civil servants'wages in 2014.
Spain also will temporarily temporarily freeze civil servants'wages in 2014.
Spain also will freeze civil - public servants'wages in 2014.
Spain will freeze its civil servants'' wages'in 2014.
Spain will freeze civil servants - public servants'wages in 2014.
Nelson - Nelson Mandela rose up again.
Nelson - Nelson Mandela rose up again.
Nelson Mandela rose back and up again.
Nelson Nelson Mandela had rose up again.
Nelson and Mandela rose back up again.
The first president of the University System of Northern Colorado made, to, talk outreach.
The vice president, of the University of Colorado was made, to promote talk outreach.
The president of what the University of Colorado has recently made, is to talk outreach.
The president, of the State and University System of Colorado made, to talk outreach.
The university president, of the University System of Colorado made, request to talk outreach.
ABC's Good Morning America program is saying its goodbye to Josh Elliott.
ABC's Good - Morning America is a saying attributed to Josh Elliott.
ABC's Good Morning America he also is saying goodbye to Josh Elliott.
ABC's Good - Morning America he also is saying to Josh Elliott.
ABC's Good Morning America, he is saying to host Josh Elliott.
Rupert - Murdoch and his first wife have since reached a divorce settlement.
Rupert - Murdoch, and his wife have reached a formal divorce settlement.
Rupert Murdoch and later his wife have since reached a formal divorce settlement.
Rupert Murdoch and then later his wife have reached a formal divorce settlement.
Rupert Murdoch and his second wife have since reached for a divorce settlement.
John F Kerry also says the strategic plans needed for the US missile - defence are absolutely on target.
John Kerry says that all the plans for the future US missile defence are not always absolutely on target.
John F Kerry says that the plans for the future US nuclear missile - defence are absolutely on target.
John Kerry also says the strategic plans for the US missile defence missile system, are absolutely on target.
John Kerry says the new plans for the US ballistics - missile defence are not absolutely on target.
MetService has doubled significantly in its profit.
MetService has nearly twice doubled its profit.
MetService has doubled significantly in its profit.
MetService has nearly doubled in its profit.
MetServices has nearly doubled its profit.
Archer Daniels Midland LLC was also also later upgraded by Stephens to an overweight rating.
Archer Daniels Midland LLC was upgraded again by Mark Stephens to have an overweight rating.
Archer Daniels'Midland was upgraded years later by Stephens to have an overweight rating.
Archer - Daniels'Midland rating was upgraded again by Stephens to an overweight rating.
Archer Daniels Midland was also upgraded by Stephens to an almost - even overweight rating.
Volvo The car has officially unveiled.
Volvo car 2 has officially unveiled.
Volvo The car has officially unveiled.
Volvo car has been officially unveiled.
Volvo car 2 has officially unveiled.
A Minnesota appeals court has ruled guardians alone can order for the patient full end use of life support.
A recent Minnesota appeals court court case decision has ruled guardians can order the end use of life support.
A Minnesota state appeals court judge has ruled that guardians can order the end of use of life support.
A recent separate Minnesota appeals court ruling has ruled guardians not only can order the end of life support.
A previously separate federal Minnesota appeals court has ruled that guardians can not order the end of life support.
The US government is conducting inspections of Korean and North American auto makers.
The US government is conducting inspections primarily of South Korean American auto makers.
The US government also, is conducting safety inspections of Korean auto makers.
The US government also is conducting safety inspections of Korean American auto makers.
The US government is conducting inspections of South - Korean American auto makers.
Japan National Navy is set to unveil its second - biggest warship since World War II.
Japan is now set to finally unveil its biggest nuclear warship since before World War II.
Japan now, is set to unveil its second biggest warship victory since World War II.
Japan is also set to unveil its second biggest warship since before the World War II.
Japan is set to unveil perhaps its biggest nuclear warship since just before World War II.
GateHouse Digital Interactive Media, Inc. has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy.
GateHouse Digital & Digital Media Inc. has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy.
GateHouse Media Inc., LLC has filed for chapter - 11 bankruptcy.
GateHouse Interactive Media, Inc. has filed successfully for chapter 11 bankruptcy.
GateHouse Global and Digital Media Inc. has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Mayors of Robb Ford also defended Justin Bieber.
Mayor of Chicago, Rob Ford also defended Justin Bieber.
Mayor of Chicago Rob Ford also successfully defended Justin Bieber.
Mayor of Greater Chicago, Rob Ford defended Justin Bieber.
Mayors of Rob Ford defended Mayor of Justin Bieber.
We not at all may have just lost our golden chance, Karan posted.
We all may have just lost our golden - moment chance, Karan posted.
We may as well have just about lost our golden chance, Karan posted.
We may have all just about lost our golden chance, " Karan posted.
We at all may have just lost our golden chance, " Karan posted.
Gina Carano's very open to returning to the UFC face the MMA cage.
Gina and Carano's very open to her ever returning to the MMA cage.
Gina Carano's very open to see her ever returning to the MMA cage.
Gina and Carano's is very much open to returning to the MMA cage.
Gina praised Carano's very open attitude to returning fights to the MMA cage.
Peleg has launched with a book.
Pele has also launched as a book.
Pele has launched with her a book.
Pele has launched with her a book.
Pele has also recently launched a book.
Kemwelle also has added lyophilization capability.
Kemwell also recently has added lyophilization capability.
Kemwell also recently has added lyophilization capability.
Kemwell also has added a lyophilization capability.
Kemwell has added as a lyophilization capability.
The High Administrative Court Court redrafted such as a covenant in order to make it enforceable.
The High Court has redrafted a covenant in an order not to make that it enforceable.
The High Court redrafted on such a covenant in order not to further make it enforceable.
The High Administrative Court Court redrafted a covenant in an order to make that it enforceable.
The High - Court Administrative Court has redrafted a covenant in order to make it enforceable.
Which features Simon and Kinberg talking about he still really loves Star Wars.
Which also features Simon Kinberger talking about how he loves Star Wars.
Which also features Simon Kinberger talking again about he loves Star Wars.
Which features Simon and Kinberg talking about he who really loves Star Wars.
Which features Simon Kinberg talking once again about how he loves Star Wars.
Skipper, Mahendra Singh Dhoni asked his national team openers to also take more responsibility.
Skipper Mahendra Ram Singh Dhoni asked for all his goal openers to take more responsibility.
Skipper, Mahendra Ram Singh Dhoni asked his openers not to ever take more responsibility.
Skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni asked his team openers to take up hands on more responsibility.
Skipper, Mahendra Singh Ram Singh Dhoni asked his openers to take on more responsibility.
It was, and it is so who went home, on Dancing with the Stars 2013, last night.
It was, so, who went home, on the Dancing with the Seven Stars Tour 2013 last night.
It was, so, who went home, on the Dancing with the Stars in 2013, last night.
It was, and so who went, back home, on the Dancing with the Stars 2013 last night.
It was, so, who went home on the Dancing with the Stars in November 2013, last night.
The Hudson Bay Bridge station will be closed permanently for five days.
The Bay Bridge will be kept permanently and closed for five days.
The Hudson Bay Bridge will be temporarily closed permanently for five days.
The Hudson Bay Bridge will be closed for another twenty five days.
The Hudson Bay Bridge will be closed permanently for another five days.
Seattle Mariners'trade, rumors have.
Seattle Seattle Mariners'trade rumors have.
Seattle - Mariners trade, rumors have.
Seattle - Mariners trade, rumors have.
Seattle - Mariners trade, rumors have.
Daniel Davari would love to also play for the senior Iran team.
Daniela Davari would love him to play football for Iran team.
Daniel Davari would also also also love to play for Iran team.
Daniel Davari, who would love him to play for Iran team.
Daniel Davari would love him to also play football for Iran team.
Kent High School will soon be also offering arts workshops.
Kent County High School will be offering performing arts workshops.
Kent School, will be also now offering arts workshops.
Kent School also will be offering performing - arts workshops.
Kent School, also will soon be offering arts workshops.
Marquette University athletic director, Larry Williams resigned.
Marquette athletic relations director Larry Lee Williams resigned.
Marquette University football athletic director Larry Williams resigned.
Marquette athletic director, Larry Lee Williams resigned.
Marquette athletic director Larry Lee - Williams resigned.
Femi and maestro, Femi Anikulapo - Kuti, who has finally been fully opened up on his own crashed marriage.
Femi and maestro, Femi Anikulapou - Kuti, has finally opened up on his own, a crashed marriage.
Femi and maestro, Femi Anikulapo - Kuti, and who has finally been fully opened up on his crashed marriage.
Femi singer, and maestro, Femi Anikulapo - Kuti, has finally been opened up based on his crashed marriage.
Femi and maestro, Femi Anikulapo - is Kuti, who has just finally opened up on his own crashed marriage.
Samsung has started by rolling out Android 4. 3 beta update for Android the Samsung Galaxy S III.
Samsung has also started rolling - - out Android 4. 3 Android update for the Galaxy S III.
Samsung Electronics has also started rolling out an official Android 4. 3 update for the Galaxy S III.
Samsung has started rolling out the new Android Note 4. 3 update for the Galaxy Note S III.
Samsung Electronics has started rolling out the Android 4. 3 update support for the Galaxy Note S III.
Tarun Tejpal today got the interim protections from house arrest until 2. 00 30 pm.
Tarun Singh Tejpal today has got interim protection from house arrest until around 2. 30 pm.
Tarun Tejpal today has got interim protections from house arrest until around 2. 30 pm.
Tarun Tejpal Singh today got the interim protection from arrest, until about 2. 30 pm.
Tarun Tejpal Singh today has got interim protections from arrest until 2. 00 30 pm.
Egypt criticised also the US decision to temporarily halt sending some aid.
Egypt criticised the recent 2016 US decision to temporarily halt some aid.
Egypt has also criticised the recent US decision to halt some aid.
Egypt criticised the US'decision not only to halt some aid.
Egypt has also criticised the US'decision to halt some aid.
CBeebies TV series Cloudbabies series is headed back to Germany.
CBeebies series Cloudbabies series is now also headed to Germany.
CBeebies TV series Cloudbabies is also headed back to Germany.
CBeebies TV - series Cloudbabies is headed back to Germany.
CBeebies TV series Cloudbabies series is headed back to Germany.
The Berlin Berlinale usually starts Thursday.
The Berlinale season usually starts Thursday.
The Berlin Berlinale usually starts Thursday.
The Berlinale usually only starts Thursday.
The annual Berlin Berlinale starts Thursday.
The final closing curtain is seen falling on all the Blockbuster stores.
The final curtain is falling down heavily heavily on the Blockbuster stores.
The final time curtain wall is seen falling on the Blockbuster stores.
The final closing time curtain is falling down on the Blockbuster stores.
The final curtain is seen falling down on the two Blockbuster stores.
A Vancouver woman was critically seriously - injured in a car crash just east of Woodland.
A Vancouver woman was also critically seriously - injured in a car crash east of Woodland.
A Vancouver woman was also critically injured in a crash just due east west of Woodland.
A young Vancouver woman was critically - injured in a car crash east west of Woodland.
A Vancouver Island woman, was critically injured in a crash east west west of Woodland.
About about 25 dead domestic cats have found themselves in garbage bags hanging from trees in a New York suburb.
About 25 dead cats were found in garbage - bags hanging from palm trees in a New - York suburb.
About about 25 dead cats found in bags hanging from palm trees, in a New New - York suburb.
About about 25 - million are dead cats found in garbage bags hanging from trees in a New York suburb.
About 25 are dead stray cats found buried in garbage bags hanging down from trees in a New York suburb.
High reaches of Himachal Pradesh were also also reported experiencing snowfall.
High mountain reaches of the Himachal - Pradesh were experiencing snowfall.
High reaches areas of Himachal Pradesh were also also experiencing snowfall.
High reaches of the northern Himachal Pradesh were also experiencing snowfall.
High reaches of in particular the Himachal Pradesh were experiencing snowfall.
A man is also currently facing weapons possession charges after police seized him a knife in Dartmouth.
A man is currently facing weapons charges after police seized a stolen hunting - knife in Dartmouth.
A man is facing weapons - possession charges after discovering the police seized a knife in Dartmouth.
A young man is now facing weapons possession charges after police have seized a knife in Dartmouth.
A young man who is facing weapons charges, after police seized a knife, in Dartmouth.
An injured Atlantic City police officer was injured in causing injuries of an ATV crash.
An undercover, Atlantic City police department officer was injured, in an ATV crash.
An Atlantic City police department officer was seriously - - injured in an ATV crash.
An injured Atlantic City City police department officer was injured in causing an ATV crash.
An injured Atlantic City County police officer, was injured in causing an ATV crash.
Peru avoided a clean sweep win against Canada.
Peru avoided making it a sweep against Canada.
Peru narrowly avoided making a sweep against Canada.
Peru avoided a controversial clean sweep against Canada.
Peru avoided a controversial clean sweep against Canada.
The Mackintosh School of Architecture has appointed its first three faculty new professors.
The Cameron Mackintosh School of Architecture, has appointed three notable new professors.
The Mackintosh School of Architecture has recently appointed its three notable new professors.
The Mackintosh School of of Applied Landscape Architecture has appointed three new professors.
The Mackintosh School Professor of of Landscape Architecture has appointed three new professors.
Sanford, and C. Bernstein reiterated that their market perform rating on the shares of BP plc.
Sanford and John C. Bernstein reiterated their market perform rating on the shares of the BP plc.
Sanford C. Bernstein has reiterated both their market and perform rating on shares sold of BP plc.
Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated their stock market and perform rating on shares sold of the BP plc.
Sanford and C. Bernstein reiterated that their marketers perform rating tests on shares of BP plc.
Vasyl Lomachenkov, has signed with the Top Rank.
Vasyl Lomachenkov has signed contracts with the Top Rank.
Vasyl Lomachenkov has signed contracts signed with Top Rank.
Vasyl Lomachenkov has also signed contracts with Top Rank.
Vasyl Lomachenko has also been signed up with Top Rank.
Snowfall is expected not to even fully return to the Moscow region until this weekend.
Snowfall is also expected to also return significantly to cover the Moscow region this weekend.
Snowfall activity is expected not to return very significantly to the Moscow region this weekend.
Snowfall is expected to return significantly, to the entire Moscow Oblast region this weekend.
Snowfall activity here is expected to return significantly to the Moscow Oblast region this weekend.
A pun can easily even get you sued.
A clever pun that can get you sued.
A pun can get if ever you sued.
A little pun really can get you sued.
A little pun really can get you sued.
Leader Arvind Kejriwali had turned down all the security cover offered.
Leader Arvind Kejriwal turned down only the best possible security cover offered.
Leader Arvind Kejriwal was turned upside down the security camera cover offered.
Leader Arvind Kejriwal turned down exactly what the security camera cover offered.
Leader Arvind Kejriwal had turned down all the security and cover offered.
Marcus Thornton scored 26 points as the William & Mary College Indians easily defeated Old - Dominion 74 68.
Marcus Thornton scored only 26 points as the William & Mary the Mary defeated Old - Dominion 74 68.
Marcus Thornton scored 26 points, as William & Mary defeated them in the final Old Dominion 74 68.
Marcus Thornton scored 26 points as Prince William Sound & the Queen Mary defeated the Old Dominion 74 68.
Marcuse Thornton scored 26 points, as the William & the Mary defeated Old - Dominion 74 68.
David Ortiz and of the Boston Red Sox have agreed to mutually sign a new contract extension.
David Ortiz and of the Boston Red Sox have also agreed to negotiate for a contract extension.
David Ortiz and of the Boston Red - White Sox have also agreed to a contract extension.
David Ortiz, and the Boston Red Sox have not agreed to a new MLB contract extension.
David Ortiz and of the Boston Red Sox have agreed not yet to negotiate a contract extension.
Cleveland Browns'quarterback Brian Hoyer will start play on Thursday night, against the Bills.
Cleveland - Browns quarterback Brian Hoyer will not also start Thursday night games against the Bills.
Cleveland Browns quarterback Brian Vander - Hoyer will start Thursday night against rivals the Bills.
Cleveland Browns quarterback, Brian Hoyer will start Thursday - night home games against the Bills.
Cleveland - Browns quarterback Brian Van Hoyer will start on Thursday night against rivals the Bills.
Zane Benefits published the new information on affordable, affordable startup health insurance.
Zane Benefits published the first new comprehensive information on affordable startup health insurance.
Zane Benefits published is the first new information on affordable startup health insurance.
Zanesville Benefits published a new information focused on affordable startup health insurance.
Zane Benefits published the new comprehensive information on affordable startup and health insurance.
Crews who were working helped to restore electrical power to thousands in Mississippi, after an storm.
Crews were working to restore power to the thousands in Mississippi and Mississippi River after an storm.
Crews were working to help restore power to thousands living in southern Mississippi, after an storm.
Crews who were not working to restore power came out to thousands in Mississippi after an storm.
Crews were also working to restore electrical power to thousands living in Mississippi County after an storm.
Globalized ETF and associated ETP assets reached US $ 2. 22 trillion, a then new record high.
Global ETFs, and ETP global assets reached US $ 2. 22 trillion, a new record high.
Global ETFs, and ETP assets reached $ 2. 5 22 trillion, a new world record high.
Globalized ETF and ETP assets have reached $ US $ 2. 22 trillion, a new record high.
Global ETF and other ETP assets have reached US $ 2. 22 trillion, a new world record high.
Seven area area law enforcement agencies, were honored annually by AAA.
Seven area and area law enforcement agencies were also honored by AAA.
Seven area law - enforcement related enforcement agencies were honored by AAA.
Seven area area law enforcement service agencies, were honored by AAA.
Seven area law enforcement and service agencies, were honored by AAA.
Belgium has today asked India government to open up to more sectors related to FDI.
Belgium today, has also asked for India to open up more sectors to FDI.
Belgium today asked India to help to open - up many more sectors to FDI.
Belgium today has also asked India to open - up more sectors related to FDI.
Belgium has today asked India to open up many more manufacturing related sectors to FDI.
India maintained their World and Asian Twenty20 Cup record Pakistan.
India has maintained their very own World Cup record Pakistan.
India maintained their own FIFA Club World Cup record Pakistan.
India maintained to their first World Cup winning record Pakistan.
India has maintained as their World Cup winning record Pakistan.
The US small government - led business confidence improved in January.
The overall overall US - small business confidence improved in January.
The overall overall US - small business confidence improved in January.
The overall US small business confidence has also improved in January.
The US government small business confidence rate has improved in January.
The poker run will also help benefit veterans.
The poker run charity event will benefit veterans.
The poker run will also help benefit veterans.
The annual poker run will also benefit veterans.
The poker tournament run also will benefit veterans.
Brandlogic also recently, has also announced the launch of TapDash, a journey mapping app.
Brandlogic has announced plans for the launch of TapDash, a digital journey - mapping app.
Brandlogic has also officially announced the launch date of TapDash, as a journey mapping app.
Brandlogic Group has also announced the launch of TapDash, as well a journey mapping app.
Brandlogic has announced for the upcoming launch date of TapDash, a journey - mapping app.
Iwao Hakamada, who was finally released after 48 years.
Iwao no Hakamada was then finally released after 48 years.
Iwao Hakamada, was finally released, after 48 years.
Iwao, Hakamada, was released, after 48 years.
Iwao Hakamada, was released, after serving 48 years.
China, also would sell helicopters to Pakistan.
China would not sell helicopters directly to Pakistan.
China would sell the remaining helicopters to Pakistan.
China then would sell the helicopters to Pakistan.
China would not sell helicopters directly to Pakistan.
Daniel Van Agger suffered from a calf injury.
Daniel Van der Agger suffered a calf injury.
Daniel Aggers suffered a serious calf injury.
Daniel Aggers suffered a serious calf injury.
Daniel Aggers suffered from a calf injury.
National Geographic magazine, which is now celebrating 125th anniversary.
National - National Geographic Adventure magazine is celebrating 125th anniversary.
National Geographic Adventure magazine is celebrating its own 125th anniversary.
National Geographic Adventure magazine, is celebrating its 125th anniversary.
National - Geographic Adventurer magazine is celebrating 125th anniversary.
Real Housewives of Atlanta contestant Porshah Williams turned herself in after being charged with battery.
Real Real Housewives version of Porsha - Williams later turned herself after being charged with battery.
Real Housewives of Porsha Williams turned herself after allegedly being falsely and falsely charged with battery.
Real Real Housewives character of Sarah Porsha Williams later turned herself after being charged with battery.
Real Real Housewives of Porsha - Williams turned in herself after being charged twice with battery.
Two Kansas City, men were also arrested while staying in Gorham.
Two Kansas City City City, men, were arrested in Gorham.
Two Kansas City, Missouri men were also arrested while in Gorham.
Two Kansas City, men were also later arrested while in Gorham.
Two other Kansas City City, men, were arrested in Gorham.
More than $ in were cash items that were reported stolen.
More than $ in in cash were also also reported stolen.
More than $ in in cash items that were reported stolen.
More than US $ 500 in stolen cash were reported stolen.
More than 100 $ in stolen cash were also reported stolen.
China plans to also gradually allow the gradual creation of up to five new privately financed banks.
China plans to allow the gradual creation of of branches of up to five privately financed banks.
China plans also plan to allow the creation of up to five new privately - financed banks.
China Bank also has plans to allow the eventual creation of up to five privately financed banks.
China plans to allow for the gradual creation of up to five new, privately financed banks.
Barcelona must have had something to prove.
Barcelona have finally got something to prove.
Barcelona police must have something to prove.
Barcelona have got something new to prove.
Barcelona must have something new to prove.
The USP and Japan failed again, to finally clinch a deal on trade.
The United US. and Japan failed to clinch a deal, based on trade.
The United US and Imperial Japan failed to clinch such a deal based on trade.
The US government and Imperialist Japan failed to clinch such a deal on trade.
The US government and Japan had failed to clinch such a large deal on trade.
A Wright County man who was arrested after hearing his pregnant wife reported he fired off with a gunshot.
A Wright County jail man was also later arrested after his wife reported that he fired on a gunshot.
A Wrightsville County jail man was arrested after his wife reported that he fired upon a gunshot.
A Wright County man was arrested immediately after hearing that his wife reported that he fired from a gunshot.
A Wright County man was also arrested, after his wife reported that he fired on with a gunshot.
Google Ventures has also acquired SlickLogin.
Google Ventures LLC has acquired SlickLogin.
Google Ventures LLC has acquired SlickLogin.
Google Ventures has also acquired SlickLogin.
Google Ventures has also acquired SlickLogin.
The President, Pranabh Mukherjee, conferred posthumously on 9 October 2013 the Presidential Film Awards for Best Classical Tamil.
The President, Pranab Mukherjee conferred posthumously on 9. October 2013 the Presidential Film Awards for the Best Classical Tamil.
The President, Pranabh Mukherjee, conferred posthumously on 9 October 2013 the Presidential Music Awards, for Classical Tamil.
The Indian President, Pranab Mukherjee conferred on the 9. October 2013, the Presidential Awards ceremony for Classical Tamil.
The President, Pranab Mukherjee conferred, beginning on 9. October 2013, the first Presidential Awards for Classical Tamil.
Morgan Sindall has also recently poached a Laing - O'Rourke director.
Morgan Sindall has poached as a new Laing - O'Rourke director.
Morgan Sindall, has also poached a new Laing O'Rourke director.
Morgan Sindall also has poached a brand new Laing O'Rourke director.
Morgan Sindall also has poached status as a Laing O'Rourke director.
The HTC Desire Desire 500 has been officially unveiled, as a mid - - range handset.
The HTC Desire 500 has been unveiled as a brand new, mid - - range handset.
The HTC - One Desire 5000 has been unveiled as a mid - - range handset.
The HTC Desire 5000 has also been unveiled as a mid - - price range handset.
The new 2015 HTC Desire 500 has been unveiled, as is a mid - range handset.
Kitchener Mayor Carl Van Zehr has announced that he will most likely not seek re - election.
Kitchener Mayor Carl Van Der Zehr has announced that he will not again seek re - election.
Kitchener Mayor Carl Zehrwitz has long since announced he will not seek for re - election.
Kitchener City Council Mayor Carl Zehr has announced he will likely not seek re re - election.
Kitchener City Mayor Carl Zehrwitz has since announced he will likely not seek re - election.
A British woman who fled to China has also been jailed for child - sex offences.
A British Indian woman who fled India back to China has been jailed for sex offences.
A British who fled to China has also been most - recently jailed for sex offences.
A young British Indian woman who fled to China has been jailed twice for sex offences.
A British woman who has fled to China, has been jailed twice for sex offences.
An Asheville officer was later found shot and killed a suspect.
An Asheville officer shot, and killed, himself a suspect.
An Asheville officer then shot at him and killed a suspect.
An Asheville officer shot and killed both himself and a suspect.
An Asheville officer was later shot at and killed a suspect.
A killer has pleaded guilty to escaping from prison on only a day pass and also to illegally taking people hostage.
A killer has pleaded guilty both to illegally escaping two people on a three day pass and to taking people hostage.
A killer has also pleaded guilty both to escaping on a day pass, and to illegally taking two people hostage.
A serial - killer who has pleaded guilty to escaping on a day pass, and to taking two people hostage.
A serial killer has already successfully pleaded guilty to escaping on with only a day pass and to taking people hostage.
A young black man's body later was recovered from a yacht.
A young man's presumed dead body was recovered from a yacht.
A man's body itself was also later recovered from a yacht.
A man's dead body, also was recovered from a yacht.
A man's dead body, was later recovered from a yacht.
The police search continued, for a suspected fugitive serial killer.
The police search continued for just such a fugitive serial killer.
The search continued, for example a suspected fugitive serial killer.
The search was continued, for example a fugitive serial killer.
The search continued, for a fugitive and a serial killer.
Paul are celebrating on Sunday their 60th anniversary.
Paul are celebrating their very own 60th anniversary.
Paul are also celebrating on their 60th anniversary.
Paul are celebrating on Sunday their 60th anniversary.
Paul are celebrating on their own 60th anniversary.
No criminal conspiracy charges will ever be filed resulting in a deadly school bus accident.
No charges will ever be filed as in for a deadly school school bus accident.
No criminal conspiracy charges ever will be filed in a deadly school school bus accident.
No charges filed will be ever filed resulting in a deadly school - bus accident.
No charges will be filed except in case a potentially deadly local school bus accident.
Aamul Aadmi Party has released its own 11th list of 11 candidates.
Aamul Aadmi Party released its 11th list, consisting of 11 candidates.
Aam Aadmi Party also released its 11th list, consisting of 11 candidates.
Aamul Islam Aadmi Party released its 11th candidate list of 11 candidates.
Aam Aadmi Party released as its 11th candidate list consisting of 11 candidates.
Joseph Westphal was later also confirmed as the first new permanent US Ambassador to Saudi Arabia.
Joseph - Edward Westphal, was confirmed as the new US Ambassador to the Saudi Arabia.
Joseph Westphal was confirmed as the first new US Deputy US Ambassador back to Saudi Arabia.
Joseph Westphal was later confirmed, as the new US Ambassador to the former Saudi Arabia.
Joseph Westphal was confirmed there as the first ever new US Ambassador accredited to Saudi Arabia.
A China Hot Spring woman was killed in such of a wreck.
A China Hot Spring resort woman was killed in causing a wreck.
A China Hot Spring woman, who was killed in a wreck.
A China Spring woman was killed accidentally in just such a wreck.
A China Spring resort woman was also killed off in a wreck.
Viterra is donating US $. 5 for each each tonne.
Viterra is also donating $ 5 for half of each tonne.
Viterra is donating US $ 5 for free each each tonne.
Viterra Group is donating $ 5 for each each each tonne.
Viterra Group is donating US $. 5 for each tonne.
A wealthy Brooklyn art gallery owner has chased down a thief.
A Brooklyn public art gallery gallery - owner chased a thief.
A Brooklyn art - gallery owner chased down by a thief.
A Brooklyn based contemporary art gallery owner has chased a thief.
A Brooklyn based art - house gallery owner chased a thief.
The Knights of Columbus in the Redlands are selling the Keep Christ Alive in Heaven Christmas magnets.
The local Knights of Columbus chapter in Redlands County are selling Keep Christ in Heaven Christmas magnets.
The Knights Regular of Columbus in the Redlands are selling Keep Christ Alive cookies in Christmas magnets.
The Catholic Church Knights of Christopher Columbus in Redlands are also selling Keep Christ in Christmas magnets.
The Knights Regular of Columbus in Redlands are also selling Keep Christ in America as Christmas magnets.
Salman is far - too honest to ever be a politician.
Salman Khan is far too honest to be considered a politician.
Salman is too honest, to be considered as a politician.
Salman is too honest to even ever be considered a politician.
Salman is far too brutally honest not to be a politician.
EJ Pipkin announced he too, is resigning voluntarily to further pursue a master's degree.
EJM Pipkin announced he too is currently resigning, to pursue a master's degree.
EJK Pipkin announced that he is currently considering resigning to pursue a master's degree.
EJ Pipkin announced that he too is resigning to go further pursue a master's degree.
EJ Pipkin has announced he too, is resigning to pursue a new master's degree.
The University of Michigan Central Michigan Michigan Health System will stop from selling sugary drinks.
The University System of Central Michigan Mental Health System will also stop selling sugary drinks.
The University of Michigan Health System will stop it from selling all its sugary drinks.
The University of Michigan Mental Health System will also stop from selling the sugary drinks.
The University System of Michigan Health System will also stop from selling the sugary drinks.
Kanye West popped the question and then what answer Kim Kardashian gave.
Kanye West had just popped in the question and Kim Kardashian gave.
Kanye West West popped the first question, and Kim Kardashian gave.
Kanye West popped the question, he and even Kim Kardashian gave.
Kanye West popped in the question, and then Kim Kardashian gave.
Former child star, Frankie Muniz has suffered another severe, mini stroke.
Former child star Frankie Muniz, has suffered yet another severe mini stroke.
Former Hollywood child star Frankie Ray Muniz has also suffered another mini stroke.
Former child star Frankie Muniz has also recently suffered yet another mini stroke.
Former Hollywood child - star Frankie Muniz has also suffered another mini stroke.
An annual prayer rally will also be held, " in support of three teens facing the felony murder charges left.
An prayer rally will be held in the support of all the three teens currently facing felony and murder charges left.
An annual prayer and rally that will be held in support of three teens facing felony and murder related charges left.
An prayer rally will be being held in support of all the three teens currently facing the felony murder charges left.
An annual prayer rally that will also also be held in support of the three teens facing felony murder charges left.
UWdress, has announced several brand new chiffon bridesmaid wedding dresses with great discounts.
UWdress, has announced new wedding chiffon and bridesmaid dresses with some great discounts.
UWdress, has announced several new chiffon and bridesmaid wedding dresses with great discounts.
UWdress, LLC has announced new chiffon bridesmaid wedding dresses, with great discounts.
UWdress, has announced new white and chiffon striped bridesmaid dresses with great discounts.
A Indiana couple who were rescued from while at sea, returned home.
A young, Southern Indiana couple who were rescued at sea returned home.
A Indiana native couple who were later rescued at the sea returned home.
A Indiana couple who survived were rescued at sea then later returned home.
A Indiana couple, who both were rescued at the sea returned home.
The legal - highs industry has also launched its code codes of conduct.
The legal highs industry has launched in 2008 its own code of conduct.
The legal highs industry trade association has launched out its code of conduct.
The legal highswearing industry has recently launched its code of conduct.
The UK legal highs industry association has launched out its code of conduct.
Older workers must look far far beyond just their age.
Older workers, who must not look beyond their age.
Older social workers also must not look beyond their age.
Older construction workers must look far far beyond their age.
Older social workers, who must look beyond their age.
Epidemiological research studies demonstrate that many diseases of, the central nervous system, protect against cancer.
Epidemiological research studies demonstrate diseases of the human central and central nervous system, protect against cancer.
Epidemiological studies demonstrate diseases, of the human central nervous system system, that protect against cancer.
Epidemiological research studies demonstrate diseases of the human central central nervous nervous system, protect against cancer.
Epidemiological studies also can demonstrate diseases of the central nervous system system, protect it against cancer.
A man was arrested for allegedly accidentally stabbing his own own elderly mother to death.
A man was also later arrested for allegedly, accidentally stabbing his mother to death.
A local, young man was arrested for allegedly stabbing both his mother to death.
A man was arrested for allegedly and allegedly stabbing both his mother sisters to death.
A young man was arrested for allegedly accidentally accidentally stabbing his mother nearly to death.
Fulham have re - signed defender, Mahamadou Diarra.
Fulham FC have re - signed defender Mahamadou Diarra.
Fulham FC have retro - signed Mahamadou Diarra.
Fulham FC have retro - signed Mahamadou Diarra.
Fulham FC have re - signed signed Mahamadou Diarra.
US residential home mortgage prices rose in February.
US home prices rose once again in February.
US home prices also rose significantly in February.
US home prices rose again beginning in February.
US home prices also rose significantly in February.
Junior Murrays will launch a cricket training academy based in Grenada.
Junior Murrays will launch as a cricket academy based in Grenada.
Junior College Murray will launch a new cricket academy based in Grenada.
Junior Murray will launch as a cricket training academy based in Grenada.
Junior Murray will launch a brand new national cricket academy in Grenada.
Elena Baltachak had been diagnosed very recently with cancer.
Elena and Baltacha had been recently diagnosed together with cancer.
Elena, and Baltacha had both been diagnosed with cancer.
Elena Baltachak, had been recently diagnosed with cancer.
Elena Baltacha had recently been diagnosed again, with cancer.
I have already already set out to find three Instagram account accounts you need to follow.
I have already set out to go find three more Instagram accounts you need to follow.
I set it out immediately to find the three Instagram accounts that you need to follow.
I have set it out to find three more Instagram account accounts you need to follow.
I set out to find the three more Instagram account accounts you will need to follow.
Two men were also shot in in the nearby West Garfield Park neighborhood.
Two young men were shot in in the nearby West Garfield Park neighborhood.
Two men were shot in in the West Side of Garfield Park neighborhood.
Two other men were also shot dead in the West Garfield Park neighborhood.
Two young men, were shot in the West Garfield Memorial Park neighborhood.
The Ports of Kembla stack will be partially demolished February.
The former Port of Kembla stack will also be demolished February.
The Port of the Kembla stack will also be demolished February.
The Port Kembla gas stacking station will be demolished February.
The former Port of Kembla stack will also be demolished February.
A rare albino raccoon was later discovered there by a local Navajo lawmaker.
A now - very rare albino raccoon was discovered by a Navajo lawmaker.
A very rare albino Navajo raccoon was discovered by being a Navajo lawmaker.
A rare albino white raccoon was later discovered by a local Navajo lawmaker.
A very rare, albino raccoon was later discovered by a Navajo lawmaker.
Firefighters hold up a charity charity car wash.
Firefighters also hold up a charity car wash.
Firefighters hold - up a charity car wash.
Firefighters hold up a local charity car wash.
Firefighters hold up a yearly charity car wash.
A young girl later said she was depressed and suicidal, after a Bethlehemite man touched her himself in front of of her.
A girl said she was feeling depressed and suicidal, after seeing a Bethlehemite man, who touched himself in front of her.
A frightened young girl who said she herself was depressed and suicidal after seeing a Bethlehem man had touched himself in front of her.
A girl once said that she was depressed, and suicidal after a Bethlehem man had touched himself in the front seat of her.
A girl once said she herself was depressed and suicidal after seeing at a Bethlehemite where man touched himself in front of her.
AT & T will also greatly expand super - fast Internet services.
AT & T will also expand its super - fast Internet services.
ATL & T also will expand super - fast Internet services.
AT & T will expand super - fast mobile broadband Internet services.
AT & T will expand its super - and fast Internet services.
PLEASE don't just break up with our family.
PLEASE I don't break up with our family.
PLEASE don't just... break up our family.
PLEASE Please, don't break up our family.
PLEASE don't just break up with our family.
Ivica Novak - Dacic is not above blackmailing the European Union.
Ivica - The Dacic is not above blackmailing the European Union.
Ivica Dacic is allegedly also for not blackmailing the European Union.
Ivica Novak - Dacic is not blackmailing by the European Union.
Ivica - Dacică is not blackmailing the entire European Union.
A new chairman of Newport council and planning applications committee has been appointed following the death of Councillor, Ron Jones.
A chairman of Newport council planning committee he has been most recently appointed following the death sentence conviction of Ron Jones.
A chairman of the Newport council finance and planning committee has been appointed following the death of City Councillor Ron Jones.
A new chairman of the Newport council planning committee has also been recently appointed following the death sentence of Ron Jones.
A chairmanship of Newport City council planning control committee has been appointed, following the recent death of Ron Jones.
Three other people convicted were sentenced each on felony charges.
Three people were sentenced on all the federal felony charges.
Three more people were sentenced each on federal felony charges.
Three people were sentenced, each on five felony charges.
Three hundred other convicted people were sentenced on felony charges.
The Mississinewa volleyball junior varsity team has set a school record.
The Mississinewa volleyball team set - up a new school record.
The Mississinewa girls volleyball team has set a new school record.
The Mississinewa volleyball varsity team has also set a school record.
The undefeated 2016 Mississinewa volleyball championship team set a school record.
A young Pensacola bus boy has since become an instant internet sensation.
A young Pensacola bus boy has become such an instant internet sensation.
A young, Pensacola school bus boy has become an internet sensation.
A young Pensacola bus boy has quickly become an instant internet sensation.
A young Pensacola bus boy who himself has become an internet sensation.
Chennai, where Shruti Kamal Haasan has crooned in a dubstep number in actioner Space Race Gurram.
Chennai, singer Shruti Haasan, has crooned a popular dubstep musical number in actioner Race Gurram.
Chennai, Shruti Haasan has crooned in a dubstep musical comedy number in actioner Space Race Gurram.
Chennai, Shruti Haasan, has recently also crooned a dubstep number, in actioner Race Gurram.
Chennai, singer Shruti Haasan has recently also crooned a dubstep number, in actioner Race Gurram.
I am certainly not not a liar.
I am not even being a liar.
I am probably not even a liar.
I most certainly am not a liar.
I really am not even a liar.
Singapore Airlines fleet is reducing significantly in its presence in both the USA.
Singapore Airlines Group is reducing quite - significantly its presence in the USA.
Singapore Airlines is reducing quite significantly its presence, in both the USA.
Singapore Airlines Group is now reducing quite significantly its presence in the USA.
Singapore International Singapore Airlines is reducing significantly in its presence in the USA.
German business confidences had rose up to the strongest in 20 months.
German business and market confidence rose to the strongest in just 20 months.
German business confidence rose to the single strongest possible point in 20 months.
German business confidences rose up to the strongest level in 20 months.
German business confidence rose up to the very strongest in over 20 months.
That telemedicine program consults improved cancer patient outcomes.
That telemedicine program also consults improved patient outcomes.
That means telemedicine consults improved the patient outcomes.
That means that telemedicine consults improved patient outcomes.
That means telemedicine consults for improved patient outcomes.
Authorities report several fatal multi - vehicle crashes occurring, primarily during snowfall along Interstate 94, in the Jackson area.
Authorities report several multi - vehicle crashes occurring during snowfall along Interstate 94, and in nearby the Greater Jackson area.
Authorities report several fatal multi - vehicle crashes during heavy snowfall along with the busy Interstate 94 in the Jackson area.
Authorities report several fatal multi - - - vehicle vehicle crashes occurring during snowfall along Interstate 94 in the Jackson area.
Authorities report several major multi - - - vehicle crashes during snowfall along Interstate'94 in near the Jackson area.
New Delhi, where Air India will sell its sonar equipment to Myanmar.
New Delhi, India, will sell sonar equipment going back to Myanmar.
New Delhi, India, will sell its sonar navigation equipment to Myanmar.
New - Delhi, India, will sell sonar equipment back to Myanmar.
New Delhi, India, will sell sonar and navigation equipment to Myanmar.
The North American American Sugar Sugar industry filed petitions against New Mexico for dumping sugar.
The American Sugar cane industry filed petitions specifically against Mexico City for illegally dumping sugar.
The entire North American Mexican Sugar industry filed petitions directly against Mexico for dumping sugar.
The American Sugar industry has also filed several petitions against Mexico City for dumping sugar.
The entire North American Mexican Sugar industry filed petitions against Mexico City for dumping sugar.
A former Microsoft senior computer program manager was also later charged with rape.
A former Microsoft senior personal computer program manager, was charged with rape.
A young female former Microsoft senior program manager was charged twice with rape.
A former Microsoft senior program manager, was charged only twice with rape.
A young female former Microsoft senior program - manager was charged with rape.
More than the 20 bus services will also not be affected by cuts.
More than 20 bus service services nationwide will be severely affected by cuts.
More than 20 bus service services will also not be affected by cuts.
More than 20 million bus services will also be affected annually by cuts.
More than $ 20 bus services will be affected annually, by cuts.
Lt. Gov. John Anthony Brown has officially entered the lieutenant - governor's race.
Lt. Gov. Anthony Brownlee has not officially entered into the governor's race.
Lt. Gov. John Anthony Brown has officially entered the 2016 lieutenant governor's race.
Lt. Gov. Anthony Wayne - Brown has officially entered the lieutenant governor's race.
Lt. Gov. Anthony Brownlee has also officially not entered the governor's race.
Colorado State head football coach Jim McElwaine heaped praise upon Brett Smith.
Colorado State coach Jimbom McElwain also heaped praise upon Brett Smith.
Colorado Golden State coach Jim McElwain heaped high praises upon Brett Smith.
Colorado State coach Jimbo McElwain heaped praise upon quarterback, Brett Smith.
Colorado State head coach, Jim McElwain also heaped praise upon Brett Smith.
A proposed bill that would send 17 year old offenders back home into where the then - current juvenile system is, getting support in from law enforcement.
A proposed bond bill that would send 17 year old offenders back home back into the areas where the juvenile system is getting support in from law enforcement.
A new bill that would send 17 year old offenders right back back into where the current juvenile system is getting more support coming in from law enforcement.
A second proposed bill, that would send all 17 year old offenders back into where the juvenile system is getting support in part, from law enforcement.
A bill that would eventually send 17 year old offenders back, into to the state juvenile system, is also worth getting support in from law enforcement.
Greg Little was later also ticketed in Cleveland.
Greg Little was then ticketed back in Cleveland.
Greg Littlefield III was ticketed in Cleveland.
Greg Littlefield was also ticketed in Cleveland.
Greg Little was later also ticketed in Cleveland.
Planet Fitness will open its new indoor gym inside of the Meridian Mall.
Planetary Fitness will also open its gym inside of the Meridian Mall.
Planetary Fitness will open its gym inside the brand new Meridian Mall.
Planet Fitness will open its two new gyms inside the Meridian Mall.
Planetary Fitness will also open its gym inside of the Meridian Mall.
A group of militiamen who are threatening force him to torch camp.
A group of militiamen are also threatening them trying to torch camp.
A group consisting of local militiamen, are threatening to torch camp.
A group of militiamen are threatening for them not to torch camp.
A group of militiamen are threatening to them trying to torch camp.
Ctrip. com International, Ltd, today has announced at the expected completion of USM $ $ 800 million in amount of convertible and senior notes.
Ctrip. com International, Ltd, today announced the then expected completion of US $ $ 8000 million in half the amount of convertible senior notes.
Ctrip. com International, Ltd, today announced that the completion price was of about US $ 800 million, USD in amount of convertible senior notes.
Ctrip. com International, Ltd, today, announced that the company expected completion of US $ 8000 million in amount of convertible and senior notes.
Ctrip. com International, USA Ltd, today announced the completion of US $ 8000 million in amounting of both convertible and convertible senior notes.
That was where first she performed - the first Live With Letterman webcast.
That concert was she first performed - the Live Live With Letterman webcast.
That was she performed live - - on the Live With Letterman webcast.
That was she, who performed - the first Live With Letterman webcast.
That was she performed - the first Live Live With David Letterman webcast.
Louisville junior quarterback Teddy Bridgewater has been taken out of a $ $ 10½ - million insurance policy.
Louisville junior quarterback Teddy Bridgewater has taken - out a US $ 10½ - million life insurance policy.
Louisville junior quarterback, quarterback Teddy Bridgewater, has taken out a $. 10 million life insurance policy.
Louisville junior quarterback Teddy Bridgewater, has taken - out a US $ 10 million emergency life insurance policy.
Louisville junior college quarterback Teddy Roy - Bridgewater has taken money out of a $ 10 million insurance policy.
Verian has signed a major contract US - based producer of crude oil and natural gas liquids.
Verian has recently also been signed as a major US producer of oil and natural gas liquids.
Verian Energy has signed a major US state producer of oil and natural - gas gas liquids.
Verian has signed a major US - state producer of crude oil and other natural gas liquids.
Verian has signed up a major, US producer of synthetic crude oil and natural gas liquids.
Coldwater Creek has long since filed for bankruptcy.
Coldwater Clear Creek Bank has filed for bankruptcy.
Coldwater Creek has since then filed for bankruptcy.
Coldwater Spring and Creek has filed for bankruptcy.
Coldwater - Spring Creek has filed for bankruptcy.
Barack Obama has also publicly slammed the alleged incapacity of the UN National Security Council to act on Syria.
Barack Obama slammed the total incapacity " of all the UN Security Council members " to act on Syria.
Barack Obama has also publicly slammed on the incapacity of the UN Security Council to act directly on Syria.
Barack Obama slammed down the total " incapacity " of the UN Security Council to act directly on Syria.
Barack Obama slammed the temporary incapacity of the new UN Security Assistance Council to directly act directly on Syria.
Barack - Obama Obama has also recently ordered the Pentagon to begin preparing for a complete American withdrawal from Afghanistan.
Barack Obama Obama has ordered the US Pentagon staff to immediately begin preparing for a complete withdrawal plan from Afghanistan.
Barack Obama has ordered headquarters for the Pentagon to begin preparing preparations for almost a complete American withdrawal from Afghanistan.
Barack Obama has ordered the US Pentagon to begin preparing for almost a near - completely complete withdrawal from Afghanistan.
Barack Obama has also ordered the US Pentagon to begin preparing for a near - complete withdrawal plan from Afghanistan.
The new Kenyan central government, has launched a national exercise to help clean up rivers.
The Kenyan government, has launched a national awareness exercise to help clean - up rivers.
The new ruling Kenyan government, launched a major national exercise to help clean up rivers.
The then new Kenyan government, launched a national exercise program to clean - up rivers.
The Kenyan government, launched a national awareness exercise to help farmers to clean up rivers.
Its chief Subratap Roy is also not liable for all the refunding Rs 24, 000 crore.
Its chief Subratap Narayan Singh Roy Limited is not liable for refunding Rs 24, 000 crore.
Its former chief Subratap Singh Roy is not held liable for refunding Rs 24, 000 crore.
Its chief Subratap Roy Singh is not held liable for refunding Rs 24, 000 000 crore.
Its chief Subrata Roy is not held liable for the amount refunding Rs 24, 000 000 crore.
A further 18 million smuggled tobacco cigarettes worldwide were seized.
A further 18 million smuggled Russian cigarettes worldwide were seized.
A further 18 million of smuggled cigarettes worldwide were seized.
A record further 18 - million smuggled cigarettes were seized.
A 18 million worth of smuggled cigarettes, were seized.
CNN did however not intentionally use mistranslate sound to make him sound during a interview.
CNN did not mistranslate to make hearing of him sound better during such a interview.
CNN did not intentionally mistranslate to make him not sound angry during such a interview.
CNN officials also did not mistranslate to make hearing him sound during such a interview.
CNN did not mistranslate him to or even make him sound during such a interview.
A second preliminary hearing was held, for an man falsely accused of of human trafficking.
A preliminary court hearing was held for questioning an man accused of allegedly committing human trafficking.
A second preliminary court hearing was held, for an man falsely accused of human trafficking.
A preliminary district court hearing was held for questioning an man falsely accused of human trafficking.
A preliminary hearing was held for the questioning of an man falsely accused of human trafficking.
But he will most likely return home again in a limited role.
But, he will likely only return occasionally in a limited role.
But, he will likely return home in such a limited role.
But, he will likely return in such a very limited role.
But, then he will likely return in a more limited role.
A power failure knocked out power to thousands more homes in New Jersey.
A failure also temporarily knocked out electrical power to thousands in New Jersey.
A power failure knocked out the power to the thousands in New Jersey.
A failure knocked - out power supply lines to thousands in New Jersey.
A failure knocked - out power to thousands or more in New Jersey.
Arianna Jane Huffington will be heard speaking live in Darien.
Arianna Huffington Post writer will be heard speaking in Darien.
Arianna Huffington Morning Post will also be speaking in Darien.
Arianna Rose Huffington Post will also be speaking in Darien.
Arianna Huffington will also also be heard speaking in Darien.
A woman farmer, is working to find homes suitable for 16 cats.
A young woman is also working to find homes for the 16 cats.
A young woman is working hard to find new homes for 16 cats.
A local woman is working to help find homes suitable for 16 cats.
A young woman is working to get help find homes for 16 cats.
A driver has denied ever ever causing him the death.
A driver has also denied ever causing him the death.
A driver has denied ever ever causing him the death.
A driver has denied ever causing him with the death.
A driver has denied ever or ever causing the death.
Chennai, Petrol and bombs were hurled at the head office of such as a Tamil outfit.
Chennai, Petrol bombs, which were also hurled at in the office of a Tamil outfit.
Chennai, Petrol bombs, were also hurled at in the office of such a Tamil outfit.
Chennai, Petrol bombs were also hurled at the office of a prominent local Tamil Tamil outfit.
Chennai, India Petrol gas bombs were hurled at the post office of a local Tamil outfit.
Finnish industry confidence has still remained negative even in December.
Finnish industry confidence remained negative, not even in December.
Finnish industry confidence remained negative, not even in December.
Finnish industry market confidence remained slightly negative even in December.
Finnish industry confidence remained only slightly more negative in December.
Lynchburg police are also currently investigating an shooting.
Lynchburg police are investigating him after an shooting.
Lynchburg police department officers are investigating an shooting.
Lynchburg police are investigating after seeing an shooting.
Lynchburg police officers are investigating after an shooting.
A military court judge declined to formally formally dismiss sexual - assault charges against an Army general.
A federal military judge declined to dismiss sexual - assault charges against an African American Army general.
A federal military court judge declined permission to dismiss the sexual assault charges against an Army general.
A military judge declined to formally dismiss sexual - assault charges brought against such an Army general.
A military court judge also declined to formally dismiss the sexual assault charges against an Army general.
The McCandless single mother accused of nearly total drowning and one son is on suicide watch.
The McCandless mother accused of nearly drowning and one son is on a mandatory suicide watch.
The former McCandless mother accused her of drowning, and one son is on suicide watch.
The McCandless mother accused of death nearly drowning one son, is put on suicide watch.
The McCandless single mother accused of drowning one her very young son is on suicide watch.
An affectionate, young adult man can also be masculine.
An emotionally - affectionate man can therefore also be masculine.
An extremely affectionate young man who can also be masculine.
An equally affectionate mantra can also also be masculine.
An affectionate verbal mantra, can also be masculine.
Anderson - Gary Cooper ripped Alec Baldwin.
Anderson Cooper - ripped by Alec Baldwin.
Anderson - Cooper - ripped Alec Baldwin.
Anderson Cooper ripped through to Alec Baldwin.
Anderson Cooper - a ripped Alec Baldwin.
European Union stock - markets rebounded.
European stock re - markets rebounded.
European stock re - markets rebounded.
European - Union stock markets rebounded.
European Union stock - markets rebounded.
Irani has also developed a relatively new generation of centrifuges.
Iran has also developed a new new generation generation of centrifuges.
Iran has developed a new power generation system consisting of centrifuges.
Iran has developed a brand new and new generation of centrifuges.
Iran has also recently developed a completely new generation of centrifuges.
Toronto Public - Health Health is adding up its own voice, to a growing chorus of health agencies show.
Toronto Public Health is adding its voice " to " a growing chorus of local health - care agencies show.
Toronto Area Public Health Authority is also now adding up its voice to a growing chorus of health agencies show.
Toronto Area Public Health is adding its voice to " a growing chorusing of public - health agencies show.
Toronto Public Mental - Health is adding its voice to "... a growing chorus of health care agencies show.
Melbourne has never set such a heatwave record.
Melbourne City Council has set a heatwave record.
Melbourne City has never set a heatwave record.
Melbourne has set yet a new heatwave record.
Melbourne City has set such a heatwave record.
A Federal Way man was also accidentally struck and killed shortly after he had allegedly ran on an Everett highway.
A Federal - Way man was struck down and killed after in which he ran on to an Everett highway.
A suspected Federal Way maniac was also struck and killed after which he allegedly ran on an Everett highway.
A Federal - Way man was struck and killed after he ran on tires on an old old Everett highway.
A Federal Way maniac was struck, and was killed shortly after he ran on an abandoned Everett highway.
Pharrell Williams has surprised many by him announcing that he will release a new digital book.
Pharrell Williams has surprised by announcing he and Williams'himself will release a digital book.
Pharrell Williams has surprised fans by not publicly announcing he will release such a digital book.
Pharrell Williams, has also recently surprised fans by announcing he will release a digital book.
Pharrell Williams Williams - Williams has surprised fans by announcing he will release a digital book.
Jury selection process first began early in the murder trial.
Jury pre - selection first began in the murder trial.
Jury selection began early on in planning the murder trial.
Jury - selection procedures began early in the murder trial.
Jury - selection began in the very first murder trial.
US retail car sales also rose in November.
US retail sales also rose significantly in November.
US retail sales sales also rose in November.
US retail sales also steadily rose in November.
US retail retail sales rose significantly in November.
Four other Raleigh County jail - men entered guilty pleas.
Four other Raleigh and Durham County men entered guilty pleas.
Four Raleigh County men have entered not - guilty pleas.
Four other Raleigh Durham County men entered not guilty pleas.
Four Raleigh County jailer - men entered guilty pleas.
Lucknow, The free laptop scheme was aimed at also providing to the students equal opportunity.
Lucknow, The free laptop scheme, was aimed at providing the students with equal opportunity.
Lucknow, The very first free laptop scheme, was also aimed at providing equal opportunity.
Lucknow, South India The free laptop scheme was aimed at also in providing equal opportunity.
Lucknow, The free free laptop scheme was aimed, mainly at schools providing equal opportunity.
Several new film projects are in preparation for celebrating the hundredth year anniversary of Armenia ending the Armenian Genocide.
Several new film projects, are underway in preparation for celebrating the hundredth anniversary anniversary of the Armenian Genocide.
Several film projects that are planned in preparation for the one hundredth anniversary celebrations of the 1917 Armenian Genocide.
Several film projects are underway, in a particular preparation for celebrating the hundredth anniversary of the Armenian Genocide.
Several filmmaking related projects are in preparation for the one hundredth anniversary celebrations of ending the Armenian Genocide.
Saks of Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH has plans to open - up a store in Pearl, Mississippi.
Saks Fifth Park Avenue. OFF 5TH plans to open - up a store in Pearl, Mississippi.
Saks - Fifth Avenue OFF - 5TH has plans to also open a store in Pearl, Mississippi.
Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH has plans to open a new store in Port of Pearl, Mississippi.
Saks of Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH, and plans to also open a store in Pearl, Mississippi.
The leader Syedna Mohammed Ali Shah Burhanuddin also passed away.
The leader Syedna Mohammed bint Ali Burhanuddin passed away.
The Sufi religious leader Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin also passed away.
The leader, Syed Syedna Syed Mohammed Burhanuddin passed away.
The leader Syedna Syedna Mohammed Ali Burhanuddin passed away.
Nearly a million glass jars full of frozen peanut butter are being dumped.
Nearly half a million jars of frozen peanut butter are already being dumped.
Nearly a million glass jars full of frozen peanut butter are being dumped.
Nearly a million different jars of peanut - butter are now being dumped.
Nearly a hundred million jars of fresh frozen peanut butter are being dumped.
The following NIT pairings rules are set.
The three following NIT pairings are set.
The two NIT pairings above are set.
The NITS pairings above are set.
The following NITS pairings are set.
The University of the Southern Utah is sponsoring a local community solar program.
The University System of Utah also is sponsoring a local community solar program.
The State Polytechnic University of Utah also is sponsoring a community solar program.
The nearby University of Utah also is sponsoring a local community solar program.
The nearby University of the Southern Utah is sponsoring a community solar program.
The Royal Italian navy said it had rescued " well over 1, 000 000 migrants in 24 hours.
The Italian police navy said it had rescued over 1, 000 000 illegal Italian migrants in 24 hours.
The Italian navy said it had successfully rescued over 1, 000 migrants, 000 people in 24 hours.
The Italian national navy said that it alone had successfully rescued over 1, 000 migrants in 24 hours.
The new Italian - national navy said that it had rescued over 1, 000 migrants in 24 hours.
Fire destroyed properties not even worth lakhs.
Fires have destroyed properties worth lakhs.
Fires have destroyed properties worth lakhs.
Fires have destroyed properties worth lakhs.
Fires destroyed many properties worth lakhs.
Two other five persons arrested were arrested for selling fake wine.
Two persons arrested were also arrested for selling a fake wine.
Two other persons were arrested, for allegedly selling fake wine.
Two dozen other persons were arrested for allegedly selling fake wine.
Two persons arrested were arrested for allegedly selling a fake wine.
Francis and Gary Powers later died his own helicopter crashed.
Francis and Gary Powers later both died his helicopter crashed.
Francis John Gary - Powers died his helicopter helicopter crashed.
Francis Gary - Powers died suddenly when his helicopter crashed.
Francis Gary - Powers later died when his helicopter crashed.
Kim Kardashian loves trying to dress like her own daughter North.
Kim Kardashian loves seeing her trying to dress her daughter North.
Kimi Kardashian loves to help help dress her daughter North.
Kim Kardashian loves to dress up like her own daughter North.
Kim Kardashian, also loves to dress her own daughter North.
A freight - train derailment knocked - out power to 157 customers.
A train derailment also knocked out power transmission lines to 157 customers.
A train derailment had knocked out all the power to 157 customers.
A nearby train station derailment knocked - out power to 157 customers.
A train derailment knocked - - out the power to 157 customers.
Congress also lost the Saithia Congress civic body.
Congress lost to the Saithia Congress civic body.
Congress lost the Saithia Congress a civic body.
Congress had also lost the Saithia civic body.
Congress lost the entire Tamil Saithia civic body.
Dante returned to do his full training.
Dante returned her back to full training.
Dante had returned to his full training.
Dante had returned to his full training.
Dante returned her back to full training.
Justine Bieber released the Arlene Bieber Christmas playlist.
Justine von Bieber released A von Bieber Christmas playlist.
Justin Bieber also released the A Justin Bieber Christmas playlist.
Justin Bieber also released on the A Bieber Christmas playlist.
Justin Bieber released the A Justin Bieber Christmas Christmas playlist.
The workforce in Qatari is being very well looked after very well.
The workforce in western Qatar is being well looked - after very well.
The workforce shortage in western Qatar is being looked after as very well.
The workforce in western central Qatar is being looked after here very well.
The Chinese migrant workforce in Qatar is being looked after as very well.
Ranchi, A prominent local, BJP leader, was gangraped.
Ranchi, India A former local BJP leader, was gangraped.
Ranchi, India A local and former BJP leader was gangraped.
Ranchi, Arya former local BJP party leader was gangraped.
Ranchi, A local, former, BJP leader was gangraped.
A San - San Francisco bar association is banning Google Glass.
A San Francisco based gay bar group is banning Google Glass.
A San Francisco bar is also considering banning using Google Glass.
A San Francisco area gay bar is also banning Google Glass.
A San Francisco area gay bar is banning using Google Glass.
India Post expressed its concern over Maulana Masood Ali Khan Azhar addressing at a rally.
India Today has expressed all its concern over Maulana Abdul Masood Azhar addressing a rally.
India Business Post expressed its deep concern over Maulana Masood Khan Azhar addressing a rally.
India Post expressed its own deep concern over Maulana Masood Ali Azhar addressing a rally.
India expressed its deep concern over Maulana Abdul Aziz Masood Al Azhar addressing a rally.
A man who was accidentally shot Thursday that morning, while in Oklahoma City died.
A young man, who was accidentally shot on Thursday morning in Oklahoma City died.
A man, who was also found shot Thursday that morning in Oklahoma City died.
A young man who was shot on a rainy Thursday morning in Oklahoma City died.
A man who allegedly allegedly was accidentally shot Thursday morning in downtown Oklahoma City died.
An additional authority to regulate online cyber bullying practices is needed.
An additional authority required to regulate online cyber bullying is needed.
An additional statutory authority to regulate cyber bullying incidents is needed.
An additional authority required to regulate cyber bullying activities is needed.
An additional authority to regulate cyber bullying and behaviour is needed.
Peyton Manning absolutely certainly will not play Sunday.
Peyton Manning I absolutely believe will play Sunday.
Peyton Manning I absolutely will not play Sunday.
Peyton Peyton Manning absolutely certainly will play Sunday.
Peyton Manning : I absolutely will play Sunday.
Brazilian steelmakers are also also making advances.
Brazilian steel steelmakers, are making advances.
Brazilian steel and steelmakers are making advances.
Brazilian steel steelmakers, are making advances.
Brazilian steel steelmakers, are making advances.
More than 18, 000 US gallons worth of crude oil spilled into Colorado waters.
More than 18, 000 US gallons of crude crude oil spilled into Colorado waters.
More more than $ 18, 000 US gallons of oil spilled into Colorado waters.
More than 18, 000 gallons of crude oil spilled into the lower Colorado waters.
More more than $ 18, 000 gallons of crude oil spilled into Colorado waters.
Lapses in quality by a small and a handful of pharma companies has overshadowed the other two good things.
Lapses in product quality achieved by a handful of major pharma companies has overshadowed almost all the good things.
Lapses surpassed in quality only once by a handfuls of pharma companies has always overshadowed the good things.
Lapses in quality by a few handfuls of pharmacological companies, it has overshadowed the good things.
Lapses in quality control by a handful out of the four major pharma companies has overshadowed the good things.
The board at Perrigo has since also announced a quarterly dividend.
The management board members at Perrigo announced a new quarterly dividend.
The school - board at Perrigo has announced a quarterly dividend.
The new management and board at Perrigo announced a quarterly dividend.
The board at Save the Perrigo announced a new quarterly dividend.
The search has resumed, for a presumed missing pilot, and his crashed plane in Arkansas.
The search effort now has resumed for a missing fighter pilot and his crashed plane in Arkansas.
The search effort has resumed for both, a missing fighter pilot and his plane in Arkansas.
The search effort " has been resumed for a presumed missing pilot and his plane in Arkansas.
The search has resumed for a missing fighter pilot, and for finding his plane in Arkansas.
Aston Villa want Shay Givens out of the front door, even as he tries.
Aston Villa want Shay Givens out of the front door as the best he tries.
Aston Villa want a Shayne Givens out of through the door as he tries.
Astonishing Villa want Shay Givens out of the door, even as he tries.
Aston Villa want Shay Givens out front of the door, even as he tries.
Breckenridge Ski Resorts is also extending into the resort's ski season.
Breckenridge Mountain Ski Resorts is currently extending the resort's ski season.
Breckenridge Mountain Mountain Ski Resort is extending into the resort's ski season.
Breckenridge Skiing Resort development is extending into the resort's ski season.
Breckenridge Ski Resort is also considering extending the resort's winter ski season.
No serious injuries have yet to been reported in a partial grain silo and roof collapse at the elevator near Fairmont.
No injuries have been specifically reported resulting in a partial grain silo roof collapse at the grain storage elevator near Fairmont.
No injuries have been specifically reported in a possible partial - grain silo collapse occurring at the grain elevator near Fairmont.
No serious injuries have been reported resulting in a partial reinforced concrete grain silo collapse occurring at the elevator near Fairmont.
No injuries have yet to been reported in a possible partial - grain elevator silo collapse at the elevator near Fairmont.
A former Republican lawmaker won't face any sanctions coming from the House.
A former lawmaker won't even now face sanctions from outside the House.
A very powerful former lawmaker who won't face sanctions from the House.
A powerful former lawmaker who probably won't face sanctions from the House.
A former lawmaker who won't face sanctions comes from outside the House.
MS Dhoni focuses more on the process, rather rather than on presenting the results.
MSI Dhoni focuses on analyzing the process rather, rather than on the results.
MSI Dhoni also focuses on analyzing the process rather than commenting on the results.
MS Dhoni focuses on studying the scientific research and process rather than on the results.
MS Dhoni focuses on merely describing the process rather than commenting on all the results.
Interplanetary atmospheric dust particles could also help deliver water and other organics to the Earth, and terrestrial planets.
Interplanetary atmospheric and dust particles could deliver both water molecules and organics to the Earth and other terrestrial planets.
Interplanetary dust particles could deliver water and many other organic organics back to the Earth and other terrestrial planets.
Interplanetary atmospheric dust particles could by then deliver water and other organics back to the Earth and terrestrial planets.
Interplanetary atmospheric dust particles could deliver water and other organics back to both the Earth, and terrestrial planets.
Women without any other children work harder overtime than working mothers.
Women without children work harder financially than with their working mothers.
Women without having any more children work harder than working mothers.
Women without children work much harder today than their working mothers.
Women working with mothers without children work harder than working mothers.
A boat that was capsized sank in an Uttar Pradesh river.
A boat capsized in an Uttar - Uttar - Pradesh river.
A boat was capsized, resulting in an Uttar Pradesh river.
A small boat was found capsized in an Uttar Pradesh river.
A boat that was sailing capsized in an Uttar Pradesh river.
Horseheads shut - down Ithaca with 22 football.
Horseheads shut down Ithaca Stadium after 22 football.
Horseheads shuts - down Ithaca 22 football.
Horseheads also shut - down Ithaca 22 football.
Horseheads shut down operations in Ithaca 22 football.
Germany also will not destroy effluent derived from Syrian chemicals.
Germany, also will destroy the effluent from Syrian chemicals.
Germany will also help destroy effluent from the Syrian chemicals.
Germany will not destroy the effluent from the Syrian chemicals.
Germany also will destroy effluent from all the Syrian chemicals.
Josep Mourinho does however not accept a charge of any improper conduct.
Jose Mourinho does not accept a charge outlining of any improper conduct.
Jose Maria José Mourinho does not accept such a charge of improper conduct.
Josep Maria Mourinho does not accept such a charge of improper conduct.
Jose Mourinho does not accept a charge being made of any improper conduct.
A MAN officer was arrested after a news report surfaced of an ongoing Public Order incident occurring in Bentham.
A second MAN was also arrested after a report of causing in an Public Order Police incident in Bentham.
A single - second MAN was arrested after reading a police report of an Public Order incident in Bentham.
A second British MAN was arrested, after a report of an alleged Public Order incident appeared in Bentham.
A MAN was arrested after a false police report of investigating an Public Order Police Force incident in Bentham.
Bulgaria loses BGN $ 440 MM a year to tax tax evasion and social social - security evasion.
Bulgaria loses BGN 440 M a year to tax and tax evasion, and also to social security evasion.
Bulgaria also loses BGN 4400 M a year dues to tax tax evasion and social security evasion.
Bulgaria also loses the BGN 440 M a year to tax evasion and to social - credit security evasion.
Bulgaria also loses BGN $ 440 M a year to income tax evasion, and to social security evasion.
Michael Douglass and Catherine Zeta Jones Day - Jones have separated, their rep confirmed.
Michael Douglas and Catherine of Mao - Zeta - Jones have separated, their rep confirmed.
Michael Michael Douglas and American actress Catherine Zeta - Jones have separated, their rep confirmed.
Michael McDonnell Douglas and President Catherine Zeta - Jones have separated, with their rep confirmed.
Michael, Douglas, and Catherine of Zeta - Jones have separated, their rep confirmed.
Jay Jay Jay - Leno Signed with class and love.
Jay - Jay Leno Signed with classwork and love.
Jay - Z Jay Leno Signed with class and love.
Jay Leno Signed with great classwork, and love.
Jay Leno Signed up with classwork, and love.
Lauren Jackson, is not set to return.
Lauren Jackson is not set yet to return.
Lauren Jackson, is set up to return.
Lauren - Jackson is not set to return.
Lauren - Jackson Taylor is set to return.
An emergency and water - rescue training course was given.
An intensive emergency and water rescue team training was given.
An intensive emergency water rescue team training course was given.
An intensive emergency water self - rescue training was given.
An intensive, emergency water rescue training course was given.
Pakistan, and India, have forged signed three agreements.
Pakistan and India have also forged signed all three agreements.
Pakistan and the India have also forged signed three agreements.
Pakistan and India have forged alliances and signed three agreements.
Pakistan and the East India forged and signed three agreements.
Company - founder Johnnie Hendricks will retire.
Company - founder John Henry Hendricks will retire.
Company founder John Henry Hendrickson will retire.
Company founder, John Henry Hendricks will retire.
Company founder John and Henry Hendricks will retire.
The Cubs also acquired catcher, George Kottaras.
The Cubs also acquired catcher, George Kottaras.
The Chicago Cubs acquired veteran catcher George Kottaras.
The Chicago League Cubs acquired catcher George Kottaras.
The Chicago League Cubs acquired catcher George Kottaras.
A young Myrtle Beach man was arrested and he was charged again with armed robbery.
A Myrtle Beach Myrtle Beach man was later arrested and charged again with armed robbery.
A Myrtle Beach Myrtle Beach maniac was arrested, and charged with armed robbery.
A Myrtle Beach Beach maniac was also arrested, and charged with armed robbery.
A young North Myrtle Beach man, was arrested and charged with an armed robbery.
The following peace talks should not be given at a full chance.
The peace - building talks should be given a second full chance.
The peace talks should be finally given up to a full chance.
The upcoming peace talks should be given only a second full chance.
The peace - building talks should be finally given a full chance.
A fanatic has been jailed for allegedly accidentally punching a horse.
A fanatic has been recently jailed twice for punching a horse.
A fan has been jailed twice for allegedly punching on a horse.
A Derby fan has been jailed twice for allegedly punching a horse.
A fanatic has also been jailed for allegedly punching a horse.
The first two puppies injured along with bleach are readyed for adoption.
The two puppies they injured along with bleach are readyed for adoption.
The first of two puppies injured along with bleach are ready for adoption.
The two puppies injured themselves with bleach, and are ready for adoption.
The two remaining puppies not injured with bleach treatment are ready for adoption.
Joe and Hart both accepts being dropped.
Joe refuses and Hart accepts being dropped.
Joe and Hart both accepts being dropped.
Joe Hart accepts, after being dropped.
Joe Hartman accepts after being dropped.
A man, who was hospitalized after accidentally rolling his pickup.
A man was being hospitalized after accidentally accidentally rolling his pickup.
A young man was hospitalized after accidentally accidentally rolling his pickup.
A young man was briefly hospitalized shortly after rolling his pickup.
A man was hospitalized after accidentally rolling into behind his pickup.
A former radio show presenter had developed a deviant and sexual obsession with two young boys.
A former BBC radio presenter had developed a sexually deviant sexualized obsession with young boys.
A former radio presenter who had a sexually deviant and sexual obsession with two young boys.
A former female BBC radio presenter who had a sexually deviant sexual obsession with young boys.
A former female BBC radio presenter had a deviant sexual obsessions, with young boys.
Petrobras has also completed successfully the drilling test of not only the fourth well at Iaras area, block, and in the Santos Basin pre - salt.
Petrobras also, has completed successfully the drilling test of the fourth well, at the Iara area, block, in the Los Santos Basin pre - salt.
Petrobras has completed almost all the initial oil drilling test of the fourth well at Iara area, the block, and in the Santos Basin pre - salt.
Petrobras has also completed successfully the drilling test of only the fourth well at Iara area, block, in the northern Baja Los Santos Basin pre - salt.
Petrobras has completed the drilling test of only just the fourth oil well at the Iara area, block, in the Los dos Santos Basin pre - salt.
David Lucas joined them to celebrate his nearly his 40 years in office.
David Lucas has also joined to celebrate nearly his 40 years in office.
David and Lucas joined to help celebrate his nearly 40 years in office.
David Lucas joined to help help celebrate his nearly 40 years in office.
David and Lucas joined to celebrate nearly his 40 years of in office.
Qatar has plans to spend twice twice as much as US $ 205bn on infrastructure.
Qatar plans to spend about as much as $ $ $ 205bn USD on infrastructure.
Qatar plans to not spend as much money as about US $ 205bn on infrastructure.
Qatar plans not likely to ever spend as much money as $ 205bn on infrastructure.
Qatar plans to spend about about twice twice as much as $ 205bn on infrastructure.
Physicists have successfully calculated, or demonstrated conductance mechanisms, for inducing graphene nanoribbons.
Physicists have successfully calculated,, or conductance, mechanisms,, in graphene nanoribbons.
Physicists may have successfully calculated, or conductance control mechanisms, inducing graphene nanoribbons.
Physicists have also successfully calculated,, or conductance mechanisms,, in graphene nanoribbons.
Physicists have successfully calculated, or predicted conductance mechanisms, observed in, graphene nanoribbons.
A Fairfield Township woman has been twice falsely charged, twice with murdering her father.
A young Fairfield - Township woman has been falsely charged twice with murdering her father.
A Fairfield - Township Police woman has been charged with the murdering of her father.
A Fairfield Township woman who has long since also been charged with murdering her father.
A Fairfield Township area police woman, has been charged with murdering of her father.
NetMotional Wireless, Inc.'s expanded in Europe.
NetMotional Wireless Inc.'s expanded presence in Europe.
NetMotional Wireless, Inc.'s expanded in Europe.
NetMotion Wireless Inc.'s business expanded rapidly in Europe.
NetMotion Wireless, Inc.'s expanded presence in Europe.
California sold $ US $ 764 - million in debt.
California sold $ US $ 764 - million in debt.
California sold for $ 764 - million while in debt.
California sold $ US $ 764 million while in debt.
Californian has sold over $ 764 million in debt.
McDonalds is also teaching to say to people about fast food.
McDonalds is also teaching what to say next to fast food.
McDonalds is teaching to not to say no to fast food.
McDonalds International is teaching children to say yes to fast food.
McDonalds is also teaching to say yes to their fast food.
Jimi Meyer wants both Howard and Stern to return.
Jim Meyer wants longtime host Howard Stern not to return.
Jim Meyers wants longtime host Howard Stern to return.
Jimi Hendrix Meyers wants Howard Stern to return.
Jim Meyers wants host Howard Stern Stern to return.
Abercrombie & Bingham Fitch & Bingham Co announced they also will offer larger sizes for women.
Abercrombie & Fitch Co. announced that they will offer the larger sizes only for women.
Abercrombie & Sons Fitch & Co announced they will offer larger suitable sizes for women.
Abercrombie Chambers & Chambers & Fitch Co. announced they will offer larger sizes for women.
Abercrombie Chambers & Fitch Co. announced that they will also offer larger sizes for women.
Guardian News & Social Media today announced a series of major senior staff and editorial changes.
Guardian News Agency & Media today, has announced a series of senior staff editorial changes.
Guardian News & Media Group Group today has announced in a series of senior editorial changes.
Guardian News & World Media Group today has announced a series of of senior editorial changes.
Guardian News Agency & Media today announced in 2011 a series series of senior editorial changes.
Ghanaian international midfielder, Kwame Quansah, will leave Heracles Almelo.
Ghanaian international midfielder, Kwame Quansah will leave for Heracles Almelo.
Ghanaian international midfielder Kwamey Quansah will leave for Heracles Almelo.
Ghanaian international midfielder Kwamey Quansah will also leave Heracles Almelo.
Ghanaian international football midfielder, Kwame Quansah will leave Heracles Almelo.
Decatur police are still investigating for the death.
Decatur police officers are investigating for the death.
Decatur police are investigating for causing the death.
Decatur - County police are investigating the death.
Decatur County police officers are investigating the death.
Hansons are coming to visit New Zealand.
Hansons are also coming to New Zealand.
Hanson are also coming to visit New Zealand.
Hanson are now coming back to New Zealand.
Hanson are also now coming to New Zealand.
Andre Wisdom looks up to coaching both Manchester City United and the other great players.
Andre Wisdom looks up right next to Manchester United City United and the great players.
Andre Wisdom looks up next to see both the Manchester United and the great players.
Andres Wisdom looks up next to Manchester City, United and the great players.
Andre Wisdom also looks up to Manchester City United, and the other great players.
Lucy Hale is, but who is is not also Lucy's girl crush.
Lucy - Hale who is, too but who is Lucy's girl crush.
Lucy Van Hale is, yes but, who is Lucy's girl crush.
Lucy Hale is, who but is not who is Lucy's girl crush.
Lucy tells Miss Hale who is, but who is Lucy's girl crush.
Arsene Wenger also has to welcome the idea of induction of the two feeder clubs.
Arsene Wenger has welcomed the new club idea of inductions of feeder clubs.
Arsene - De Wengeren has welcomed the idea of induction of feeder clubs.
Arsene Wengert has welcomed to the idea of inductions of feeder clubs.
Arsene Wenger has welcome the idea of the national inductions system of feeder clubs.
Wide receiver Allen Lee Robinson III is dealing with suffering a shoulder injury.
Wide - receiver Allen Robinson III is dealing badly with a shoulder injury.
Wide - receiver Allen Robinson is dealing with a very serious shoulder injury.
Wide - receiver Allen Robinson III is dealing with suffering a shoulder injury.
Wide receiver Allende Robinson is dealing heavily with suffering a shoulder injury.
Devyani - Khobragadevi was also not subject to cavity search.
Devyani Khobragadevi was not subject to such a cavity search.
Devyani Khobragadevi village was also not subject to cavity search.
Devyani Khobragadevi village was not subjected to cavity search.
Devyani and later Khobragade was not subjected to cavity search.
Pope Pope Francis finds the hype story that is circulating surrounding him offensive.
Pope Pope Francis also finds the hype press that is surrounding him offensive.
Pope Francis also finds the social media hype that is surrounding him offensive.
Pope Pope John Francis finds the hype that is circulating surrounding him offensive.
Pope Francis also often finds the hype press that is surrounding him offensive.
Zoological staff are also seen celebrating the birth, days after the death, of elephant Sanook.
Zoo staff are celebrating the birth, days passed after the tragic premature death of the elephant Sanook.
Zoo staff are celebrating the birth, two days after first seeing the tragic death of elephant Sanook.
Zoological staff are celebrating the first birth, days after the death,, of elephant Sanook.
Zoological staff are celebrating the birth, in two days, after the death of elephant Sanook.
German weapons stocks were very little changed.
German weapons and stocks were little changed.
German stocks were still very little changed.
German stocks were still very little changed.
German stocks themselves were very little changed.
A school employee is being accused of allegedly having an anal anal sex with a student.
A school employee is being accused falsely of sexually having anal sexes with a student.
A high - school school student employee is being accused of having sex with a student.
A school bus employee who is being accused of of having sex scenes with a student.
A school employee is being falsely or falsely falsely accused of having sex with a student.
S. Arabia also designates the Muslim Brotherhood group as terrorist organisation.
S. Arabia also also designates Muslim Muslim Brotherhood as terrorist organisation.
S. Arabia designates Muslim Brotherhood Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organisation.
S. Arabia also designates the Islamic Muslim Brotherhood as terrorist organisation.
S. Saudi Arabia designates its Muslim Brotherhood members as terrorist organisation.
Asusi has launched a brand new mobile gaming headset.
Asus has launched with them, a new gaming headset.
Asusi Mobile has launched a new mobile gaming headset.
Asusi also has launched with a new gaming headset.
Asus has launched with a brand new mobile gaming headset.
Foreign investors have also turned increasingly increasingly cautious about investing in the other developing countries.
Foreign investors have turned increasingly cautious about not being actually actually investing in developing countries.
Foreign direct investors have turned increasingly more cautious about not investing heavily in developing countries.
Foreign direct investors have turned increasingly more cautious about investing in the newly developing countries.
Foreign direct investors have turned increasingly cautious about investing heavily in the newly developing countries.
UK advertising and spending fell for only the first half year of 2013.
UK advertising spending fell sharply when compared for the first half of 2013.
UK advertising spending also fell for the entire first - half of 2013.
UK advertising spending fell for the first one - year half of 2013.
UK government advertising spending fell sharply for the first - half of 2013.
Günter von Grasse is living it up and called on other people to distance themselves completely from the Facebook and that crap.
Günter Grass is still living it up front, and called on people to please not distance themselves from Facebook and that crap.
Günter Grassmann is also still living it up and called on people to distance themselves completely from Facebook and all that crap.
Günter Grass is living up and has called on other people, not wanting to distance themselves completely from Facebook and that crap.
Günter Grassmann is living - it up and called on his people not to distance themselves themselves from Facebook and that crap.
Switzerland will also sign a convention, designed to fight tax evasion.
Switzerland will also sign on to a convention to fight tax evasion.
Switzerland will also sign a convention, designed to fight tax evasion.
Switzerland will sign up for a convention designed to fight tax evasion.
Switzerland will sign a constitutional convention designed to fight income tax evasion.
CyrusOne Group has also linked up with an service delivery provider in Arizona.
CyrusOne has also linked up with an existing Internet service provider in Arizona.
CyrusOne has linked it up with an service delivery provider based in Arizona.
CyrusOne Group has also linked up with an service delivery provider in Arizona.
CyrusOne has linked him up recently with being an service provider in Arizona.
Wang Yi met with Prime Minister, General Nawaz Sharif Sharif of Pakistan.
Wang Yifan met up with Prime - Minister Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan.
Wang Yifan met with the Prime Minister, Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan.
Wang and Yi met personally with Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif Sharif of Pakistan.
Wang Yi met with the Prime - Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif of Pakistan.
Fableland Legends aims not to further expand by releasing episodic content.
Fable Legends aims to expand gaming by also actively releasing episodic content.
Fable Legends aims to expand by also actively actively releasing episodic content.
Fable Legends aims not only to expand audiences by releasing episodic content.
Fable Legends aims not to expand audiences by only releasing episodic content.
Robert Henry Clay Bentley declared a state state of emergency.
Robert Bentley Airport was declared a state state of emergency.
Robert Bentley declared a state of emergency state of emergency.
Robert Bentley declared a temporary emergency state state of emergency.
Robert Bentley declared making it a temporary state of emergency.
Crunchyroll will streamline the brand new Super Fairy Tail anime series.
Crunchyroll will stream the brand - new Fairy Tail Adventures anime series.
Crunchyroll was also announced will stream the new Fairy Tail anime series.
Crunchyroll will streamline with the new Fairy - Tail anime series.
Crunchyroll will also stream the new Disney animated Fairy Tail anime series.
Real Old - World star has died.
Real World star Craig David has died.
Real World star Craig David has died.
Real - World star David has died.
Real World reality TV star has died.
Westside Church Fremont Campus, will also also offer vacation Bible school.
Westside Church at Fremont Westside Campus will offer vacation Bible school.
Westside Church on Fremont Campus, which will offer vacation Bible school.
Westside Baptist Church Fremont Campus will offer a summer vacation Bible school.
Westside Church on the Fremont Campus will also offer vacation Bible school.
Commuters were advised to help more quickly find alternative transport.
Commuters were advised to find for them an alternative transport.
Commuters were advised to quickly find an alternative alternative transport.
Commuters were also advised to find an alternative alternative transport.
Commuters were advised to quickly find out an alternative transport.
A Governor, Sir Kamal Azfar, called on President, Mamnoon Hussain.
A Governor, Kamala Abdul Azfar, called on President Mamnoon Hussain.
A Governor, Sir Kamala Khan Azfar, called on Mamnoon Hussain.
A Governor, Sir Kamal Azfar, was then called on Mamnoon Hussain.
A Governor, Sheikh Kamal Azfar, called out attacks on Mamnoon Hussain.
The Flaming Lips are to also release their Stone Roses'covers album later in this month.
The Flaming Lips are to release their first Stone N Roses covers tribute album later this month.
The Flaming Lips, also are to release not only their Stone Roses covers album this month.
The band Flaming Lips are to release their first Stone N Roses covers tribute album this month.
The band Flaming Lips are to release their first Stone N Roses covers album later this month.
YORK in London is set up to become the digital capital of Britain.
YORK London is set to eventually officially become the digital capital of Britain.
YORK is set to officially become officially the digital media capital of Britain.
YORK London is set up to eventually become the digital capital of Britain.
YORK is also set to eventually become the new digital capital of Britain.
THE public safety of the public staff is being increasingly put at great risk, both by hospital management, and by government bodies.
THE safety of the public - sector health staff is being put at risk both by hospital management, NGOs and by government bodies.
THE safety record of public health staff is being put at risk by hospital management, private hospitals and also also by government bodies.
THE public safety statuses of public health staff is being put increasingly at high risk by hospital management, and by government bodies.
THE safety record of public staff members is being seriously put at risk by hospital management, NGOs and also by other government bodies.
Tunisian police forces use the immediately - resulting tear gas to disperse thousands of protesters.
Tunisian police and security forces also reportedly use tear gas to disperse thousands of protesters.
Tunisian state police forces reportedly use the tear gas to help disperse thousands of protesters.
Tunisian military police forces use the tear gas to disperse the thousands out of protesters.
Tunisian police special forces use tear gas to help disperse the thousands out of protesters.
Bokol Haram has been officially named as a terror organization.
Boko Haram has been named repeatedly as being a terror organization.
Boko Haram has been officially named as a terrorist terror organization.
Boko Haram has also been twice officially named a terror organization.
Boko Haram has however never been officially named a terror organization.
A woman was mugged on an early Sunday afternoon in Georgetown.
A woman was found mugged early one Sunday morning in Georgetown.
A woman, who was mugged early Sunday morning in Georgetown.
A woman was mugged on an early morning Sunday in Georgetown.
A woman who was mugged an early morning Sunday in Georgetown.
Ultrasound may help scientists attempt to further unlock the human brain's secrets.
Ultrasound may help scientists learn how to unlock the human brain's secrets.
Ultrasound may also also help scientists attempt to unlock the brain's secrets.
Ultrasound may also help other scientists to unlock all the brain's secrets.
Ultrasound may help scientists to unlock the entire human human brain's secrets.
Chinese national steel and other iron - ore futures dropped.
Chinese - national steel and iron - ore futures dropped.
Chinese steel production and other iron ore mining futures dropped.
Chinese steel production and iron ore - ore futures dropped.
Chinese steel and iron ores - mining futures dropped.
Christian Benitez died shortly after suffering from a severe cardiorespiratory arrest.
Christiana Benitez later died after initially suffering a cardiorespiratory arrest.
Christiana de Benitez died after suffering from a cardiorespiratory arrest.
Christian Benitez died shortly after, initially suffering a cardiorespiratory arrest.
Christian Benitez died, after initially initially suffering a cardiorespiratory arrest.
ALEX Edmondson, who has just claimed his second gold - medal medal at this year's world track championships.
ALEX Edmondson has claimed his second gold Olympic gold medal, at just this year's IAAF world track championships.
ALEX Edmondson has also recently claimed his second gold medal at both both the this year's world track championships.
ALEX - Marky Edmondson has claimed his second gold medal at this year's world indoor and track championships.
ALEX Edmondson has claimed his record second gold medal, also at this year's IAAF world indoor track championships.
West Virginia stomps at No. 11 Iowa. Iowa State 102 77 Games.
West Virginia stomps No. 2 - 1 11 Iowa State 102 77 Games.
West Virginia stomps No. - 11 Iowa - State 102 in 77 Games.
West Virginia State stomps No. 1 11 Iowa Iowa State 102 77 Games.
West - Virginia stomps to No. 11 and Iowa State 102 77 Games.
Davide Ortiz, will start at first base, in Game 3.
David Ortiz will start off at first - base base in Game 3.
David Ortiz will also start at the starting first base in Game 3.
David Ortiz, will start at first - base in the Game 3.
Davide Ortiz will also start at first base starting in Game 3.
The brand new UC Riverside School of of Medicine opened its doors.
The UC - Riverside School of Medicine has also opened its doors.
The brand new UC - Riverside School of Medicine opened its doors.
The UC - Riverside Graduate School of Medicine opened at its doors.
The UC Riverside School of Medicine was opened simultaneously at its doors.
A former North Regina police officer who has been charged with impaired driving.
A Regina City Council police officer, has been charged with impaired driving.
A Regina police officer, has been also charged with mentally impaired driving.
A former Regina police station officer has been charged twice with impaired driving.
A former Regina City police officer has been charged twice with impaired driving.
Sunanda Pushkar died an unnatural, sudden, death, according to to him being a doctor.
Sunanda Pushkar died an unnatural, and sudden death, according to to her being a doctor.
Sunanda Pushkar died of an unnatural, and sudden death, not according to being a doctor.
Sunanda Pushkar died very suddenly of an unnatural, sudden death, according to to a doctor.
Sunanda Pushkar died an unnatural, and sudden, accidental death, according to to a doctor.
The Wichita Thunder announced their 2012 spring training training camp schedule.
The expansion Wichita Falls Thunder announced their 2012 training camp schedule.
The Wichita Thunder announced this on their training - camp schedule.
The expansion Wichita Thunder have also announced their training camp schedule.
The Wichita Thunder also officially announced their 2014 training camp schedule.
A whale - like calf was also observed breaching and active.
A whale calf was observed, after breaching it and active.
A whale - calf was also also observed breaching and active.
A whale calf was also observed breaching it, and active.
A whale - calf was observed breaching it, and active.
General Motors recalled nearly US $ US 1. 5 million vehicles.
General Motors recalled its own nearly 1. 5 5 million vehicles.
General Motors Corporation has recalled its nearly 1. 5 million vehicles.
General General Motors recalled its nearly 1. 5 5 million vehicles.
General General Motors recalled its nearly 1. 5 - million vehicles.
Greg Hardy also signed his first franchise tender.
Greg Hardy was signed as his franchise tender.
Greg Hardy was signed as his franchise tender.
Greg Hardy signed him as his franchise tender.
Greg Wayne Hardy signed his first franchise tender.
The 2014 Grammy Awards finally finally meet Lorde.
The Grammy Music Awards finally finally meet Lorde.
The Grammy Music Awards winners finally meet Lorde.
The Grammys Music Awards finally meet Lorde.
The 2014 Grammy Music Awards finally meet Lorde.
Bank UBS will also begin financial outsourcing to its fixed income trading platform.
Bank UBS Group Limited will also begin outsourcing its fixed income trading platform.
Bank UBS will also begin outsourcing services to its fixed income trading platform.
Bank UBS will begin by fully outsourcing its fixed income derivatives trading platform.
Bank UBS will also begin outsourcing to its fixed - income trading platform.
Horizon Technology Finance Corp.'s share price has been entered in into oversold territory.
Horizon Technology Finance Corp.'s share capital price has been entered into oversold territory.
Horizons'Global Technology Finance Corp.'s price has entered into oversold territory.
Horizon Technology and Finances Corp.'s price has been entered into oversold territory.
Horizon Technology and Finance Corp.'s stock share price has entered into oversold territory.
The upcoming 2018 season The New England Patriots will participate in a medical records pilot program.
The New England Patriots will also also be to participate in a medical records pilot program.
The 2019 New England Patriots team will participate in a new comprehensive medical records pilot program.
The 2018 New - England Football Patriots will participate in a new medical records pilot program.
The New - New England Pro Football Patriots will participate in a medical records pilot program.
The Barça expedition had finally arrived in Madrid.
The Barça expedition finally arrived back in Madrid.
The Barçan expedition finally arrived in Madrid.
The Barça expedition finally finally arrived in Madrid.
The second Barça expedition arrived back in Madrid.
A particularly large duplex fire forced seven people from leaving their homes.
A particularly large duplex fire also forced seven people from their homes.
A large white duplex fire forced seven people from leaving their homes.
A duplex roof fire forced about seven people away from their homes.
A duplex roof fire forced seven more people away from their homes.
YouTube in the partnership to launch an interactive animated short web mini - series on about the epic Mahabharata.
YouTube in the partnership plans also to launch an animated web series, based on the Indian epic Mahabharata.
YouTube in the partnership is to help to help launch an animated web series based on the epic Mahabharata.
YouTube in the new venture partnership plans to launch online an animated short web series on the epic Mahabharata.
YouTube also participated in the international partnership to launch of an animated web series based on the epic Mahabharata.
Estate planning agents charge more money than lawyers.
Estate management agents could charge more than lawyers.
Estate agents charge much far more than lawyers.
Estate agents would charge much more than lawyers.
Estate agents charge more money taxes than lawyers.
Receiver Keyshawn Johnson, who was arrested Monday.
Receiver Keyshawn Lee Johnson was also arrested Monday.
Receiver Keyshawn Lee Johnson, was arrested Monday.
Receiver, Keyshawn Johnson was also arrested Monday.
Receiver Keyshawn Lee Johnson, was arrested Monday.
Townspeople in Ukraine were braced for action.
Towns in Ukraine had braced themselves for action.
Towns in the Ukraine braced themselves for action.
Towns in Ukraine braced themselves themselves for action.
Towns in Ukraine braced themselves immediately for action.
Jermichael Finley said that he never plans on playing professional football again.
Jermichael - Finley has said that he plans on playing football again.
Jermichael Finley said he plans now on never playing professional football again.
Jermichael Finley said he never made plans back on playing football again.
Jermichael Finley said he plans now on never on playing football again.
Stephen Stephen Hawking has supported the human right not to choose euthanasia.
Stephen Stephen Hawking has supported the right not to freely choose euthanasia.
Stephen Fry Stephen Hawking has strongly supported the right to choose euthanasia.
Stephen Hawking has also supported the human rights right to choose euthanasia.
Stephen Hawking has supported the human right to not to choose euthanasia.
Michael Schumacher himself is suffering from quite possibly a lung infection, Bild reports.
Michael Schumacher himself is suffering from a very severe lung infection, Bild reports.
Michael Michael Schumacher is also suffering from a lung cancer infection, Bild reports.
Michael Schumacher is also suffering heavily ill from a lung infection, Bild reports.
Michael Schumacher himself is suffering from a lung infection, as Wolfgang Bild reports.
Fiona Rocher also broke the years old course record.
Fiona La Roche broke the 20 years old course record.
Fiona Rocher broke the years old golf course record.
Fiona Roche broke the 20 years - old course record.
Fiona La Roche broke the old course world course record.
STAFFORD Rangers FC were dumped straight out of the 2008 FA Trophy.
STAFFORD and Rangers FC both were dumped out of the FA Trophy.
STAFFORD Rangers FC were dumped out out front of the FA Trophy.
STAFFORD Rangers FC Reserves were dumped out of the 2008 FA Trophy.
STAFFORD Rangers were then also dumped out out of the FA Trophy.
Carl Froch has said that George Washington Groves has earned him more respect.
Carl Froche himself has said George Groves III has earned more respect.
Carl Van Froche has said that George Groves has earned more respect.
Carl von Froch has said that George Groves III has earned more respect.
Carl Van Froche has also said George Groves has earned more respect.
Animal shelter is open and for business only in nearby San Jacinto.
Animal shelter is open for private business only, in San Jacinto.
Animal shelter is now being also open for business in San Jacinto.
Animal rescue shelter is open for business in nearby Rancho San Jacinto.
Animal shelter is also open daily for private business in San Jacinto.
A mid - week horror talk show that also has the Warriors primed.
A weekly mid - week horror talk show also has the Warriors primed.
A weekly mid - week horror show that has all the Warriors primed.
A weekly mid - - week horror show also has the Warriors primed.
A mid - week horror TV show has kept the Road Warriors primed.
Portsmouth also held Chesterfield.
Portsmouth also held Chesterfield.
Portsmouth also held Chesterfield.
Portsmouth also held Chesterfield.
Portsmouth also held Chesterfield.
Tapiture has since also raised $ 2. 5 25 million in funding.
Tapiture has also raised $ $ 2. 25 - million in funding.
Tapiture has raised $ 2. 25 - 3 million USD in funding.
Tapiturek has raised $ $ $ 2. 25 million in funding.
Tapiture has raised $ $ $ 2. 25 million USD in funding.
The Federal Reserve was probably just too timid and thought he could have easily bought stocks or real estate.
The US Federal Reserve was too... timid and could therefore not have bought stocks, or real estate.
The USFS Federal Reserve was too timid and they could not have bought in stocks or real estate.
The US Federal Financial Reserve was not too timid, and could have bought stocks, or real estate.
The Federal Reserve was too damn timid, and could have very easily bought the stocks or real estate.
No. Number 666 did his thing.
No. Number 66 did do his thing.
No. Number 66 did do his thing.
No. 66 did not do his thing.
No. Number 66 did do his thing.
The US Federal Government and National Security Agency still doesn't know the full legal extent of what Edward Snowden took.
The National Security Agency still doesn't really even know the full extent of exactly what Edwardian and Snowden took.
The National Security Agency probably still just about doesn't know the full extent of what Edwardian and Snowden took.
The National Security Agency still probably doesn't know the almost very full extent of exactly exactly what Edward Snowden took.
The National Security Agency probably still just doesn't know about the exact full extents of what Edward Snowden took.
Five more staff at a care home for all the mentally disabled children have been found implicated in the physical abuse.
Five more staff at a nursing home for the mentally disabled have also reportedly also been implicated directly in physical abuse.
Five or six more staff at a nursing home for the mentally disabled have also also been implicated in physical abuse.
Five or more support staff working at a home caring for all the mentally disabled have been implicated in physical abuse.
Five more are staff at a home for treating the elderly mentally mentally disabled who have been implicated in physical abuse.
Cold wave continued till later on in most parts of India.
Cold weather heat wave continued in most parts east of India.
Cold wave continued spreading onshore in most parts of India.
Cold wave activity continued in most parts of east of India.
Cold wave continued in the southern most coastal parts of India.
Sri - Lanka is celebrated as the World Tourism Day.
Sri Lanka celebrated on the 2011 World International Tourism Day.
Sri Lanka has also recently celebrated the World Tourism Day.
Sri Lanka was celebrated on the 2011 World Tourism Day.
Sri - Lanka also celebrated the World Food Tourism Day.
Maria von der Trapp died at the age 99 years old.
Maria von Trapp died very suddenly at 999 years old.
Maria von von der Trapp died at 999 years old.
Maria von Trapp had died suddenly at age 99 years old.
Maria Anna von der - Trapp died at 99 years old.
Goodluck Jonathan has approved of and the appointment of the four permanent secretaries.
Goodluck Jonathan has approved the appointment process of all the four permanent secretaries.
Goodluck Jonathan has approved of the appointment of the four new permanent secretaries.
Goodluck Jonathan has approved the appointment of the following four new permanent secretaries.
Goodluck Jonathan Jonathan has approved of the pending appointment of four permanent secretaries.
Two former French soldiers have also been killed fighting in Central African Republic.
Two French soldiers may also have been reportedly killed in Central African Republic.
Two French soldiers have been killed fighting in Central Central Central African Republic.
Two more captured French soldiers have been reported killed in Central African Republic.
Two French soldiers may have also been killed fighting in Central African Republic.
Montenegro have also taken a 1 0 to lead Ghana in without winning an international friendly.
Montenegro have taken out a 1 0 lead Ghanaian side in an unofficial international friendly.
Montenegro would not have taken a narrow 1 0 lead Ghana in such an international friendly.
Montenegro have also taken a 1 0 lead over Ghana in both an unofficial international friendly.
Montenegro have taken a 1 0 to lead Ghana away in an unofficial unofficial international friendly.
A new furniture and retail store has opened.
A new furniture store storefront has opened.
A new brand new furniture store has opened.
A brand new furniture retail store has opened.
A new vintage - furniture store has opened.
Ray Guy took by being posthumously elected into, the current International Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Ray Guy took by himself being elected into the Pro Football Sporting News Writers Hall of Fame.
Ray Guy was took by being elected into to join the Pro Football Hall Hall of Fame.
Ray Guy took it over by eventually being elected into to the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Ray Guy took by being elected into induction to the National Pro - Football Hall of Fame.
A woman who once stole money from running a family business.
A young woman stole some money from a local family business.
A beautiful young woman stole some money from a family business.
A young woman who stole money from a local family business.
A woman stole money from running up to a family business.
ORANGER is the New York star Pablo. Schreiber is after his late wife Jessica. Monty filed.
ORANGE is the New York star Pablo. Schreiber who is after his wife Jessica and son Monty filed.
ORANGE is the new Brand New star Pablo Schreiber who is after what his late wife Jessica Monty filed.
ORANGE : This is the New star Pablo Schreiber who is after his wife, Jessica. Monty filed.
ORANGE is the New York star. Pablo Schreiber, who is after his late wife Jessica Monty filed.
The struggling local economy added just over 148, 000 jobs in September.
The economy alone had added just over 148, 000 jobs in September.
The economy added just 148, 000 000 new jobs starting in September.
The economy sector alone had added just 148, 000 jobs in September.
The economy added just 148, 000 people in new jobs in September.
The only country he will never accept and is Narendra Modi.
The country will, most probably never accept and Narendra Modi.
The country that he will probably never accept and Narendra Modi.
The country will never accept him, and not Narendra Modi.
The whole whole country will never again accept and Narendra Modi.
A female Virginia Tech student from Vienna State University was killed near campus.
A Virginia - Tech graduate student from Vienna was also killed near campus.
A female Virginia - Tech student from New Vienna was killed near campus.
A female Virginia Tech student from New Vienna was also killed near campus.
A Virginia Tech student student from New Vienna was killed somewhere near campus.
The agreement made of the presidents not to meet was an important step.
The agreement it required of presidents to meet was also an important step.
The agreement of presidents to don't meet again was an important step.
The agreement of presidents not to meet was also considered an important step.
The agreement of presidents to not only meet was also an important step.
Sebastian Rode could not miss almost the entire rest of the season.
Sebastian Rodemann could miss sitting out the rest of the season.
Sebastian Rode could not miss out the rest of half the season.
Sebastian and Rode could miss the rest of of half the season.
Sebastian knew Rode could easily miss the rest of half the season.
A complaint case was also filed, against actor Nitish Kumar.
A complaint case was also filed successfully against actor Nitish Kumar.
A complaint in case case was filed directly against Nitish Kumar.
A complaint case was also filed successfully, against Nitish Kumar.
A complaint case - case was filed, against Nitish Kumar.
The Nova - Scotia government program is now eliminating interest on student loans.
The Nova Scotia government program is eliminating the excess interest on student loans.
The Nova Scotia government program program is now eliminating interest on student loans.
The Nova - Scotia government also is considering eliminating interest on student loans.
The federal Nova Scotia government is also considering eliminating interest on student loans.
Firefighters have also also managed to save an iconic iconic Sydney lighthouse.
Firefighters have managed successfully to successfully save an iconic North Sydney lighthouse.
Firefighters have also also managed to save an iconic North Sydney lighthouse.
Firefighters have also managed successfully enough to save an iconic Sydney lighthouse.
Firefighters have also managed to successfully save such an iconic Sydney lighthouse.
The global stock - market crash held onto gains midday.
The stock - market held back onto its gains midday.
The North American stock market held onto its gains midday.
The stock - market held back down onto gains midday.
The stock - market held onto all its gains midday.
Ilhami Tohti, has also been arrested for separatism.
Ilham Tohti has also twice been arrested twice for separatism.
Ilhami Tohti, has also been arrested for separatism.
Ilham Tohti has been also recently been arrested for separatism.
Ilhami Tohti, has been recently arrested for separatism.
Emma Roberts and Evan Peters III have long since gotten engaged.
Emma Roberts and American actor Evander Peters have gotten engaged.
Emma Jane Roberts and Evan Peters III have since gotten engaged.
Emma Louise Roberts and Evanna Peters have since gotten engaged.
Emma Roberts, and Evanna Marie Peters have gotten engaged.
I had really never intended on not contesting elections from the Gandhinagar, LK Advani said.
I had also never really intended on not contesting from Gandhinagar, " LK Advani said.
I knew myself had never intended not to contesting from Gandhinagar, LKR Advani said.
I had never intended on not contesting from within the Gandhinagar, LKR Advani said.
I had also never really intended not contesting from the Gandhinagar, LKR Advani said.
A fugitive, wanted on signing a search warrant out of North Carolina, was later captured in Bloomington.
A suspected fugitive wanted out on a warrant operating out of western North North Carolina was captured in Bloomington.
A fugitive wanted out while on board with a warrant out of North Carolina and was captured in Bloomington.
A young fugitive wanted on a warrant out west of western North Carolina was also captured while in Bloomington.
A fugitive wanted on signing a search warrant operating out of far western North Carolina was captured in Bloomington.
US military intervention plans would help resolve the Kashmir issue.
US intervention would help Pakistan resolve on the Kashmir issue.
US - military intervention would resolve the disputed Kashmir issue.
US military intervention would resolve not only the Kashmir issue.
US intervention would help Pakistan to resolve the Kashmir issue.
The Baltimore Ravens took the field, scheduled for the day of starting of their training camp.
The Baltimore and Baltimore Ravens also took the field, for the day of their training camp.
The defending visiting champion Baltimore Ravens took the field, for example the day of training camp.
The Baltimore / Ravens took to the same field, for example the day of training camp.
The Baltimore Ravens took to the field, for example the first day out of training camp.
The Philippines also can grow much faster economically than China.
The Southern Philippines economy can grow faster economically than China.
The Philippines can also grow faster economically, than China.
The Southern Philippines can grow faster and economically than China.
The tropical southern Philippines can also grow faster than China.
Antarctica reveals a top secret plot to save the world.
Antarctica finally reveals itself a great secret to the world.
Antarctica reveals a secret dimension open only to the world.
Antarctica also reveals a secret to help save the world.
Antarctica reveals a whole new secret dimension to the world.
A grand jury indicted a woman on statutory - rape charges for allegedly spitting blood out on a officer.
A grand - jury indicted another ailing woman on charges for allegedly spitting tobacco smoke on a officer.
A grand jury indicted a woman arrested on rape related charges, for allegedly allegedly spitting on a officer.
A federal grand jury later indicted a woman on charges for allegedly " allegedly spitting on " a officer.
A California federal grand jury later indicted a woman on rape charges for allegedly allegedly spitting on a officer.
A dispute led almost eventually to such a weapons seizure.
A border dispute led eventually only to a weapons seizure.
A dispute ensued that led eventually to a weapons seizure.
A dispute led to and almost a nuclear weapons seizure.
A long subsequent dispute led to such a weapons seizure.
Flybe Paul Simmons stated he " does not " really foresee such a need to potentially go any any further than a codeshare with Etihad.
Flybe Paul Simmons stated he still, " still does not foresee " a need not to go any further than a codeshare with Etihad.
Flybe Group CEO Paul Simmons stated he " does not foresee a need not to go any relationship any further than a codeshare with Etihad.
Flybe CEO, Paul Simmons, stated he does not foresee a need not to go any further other than negotiating a codeshare with Etihad.
Flybe Paul Simmons has stated that he does not foresee a need either for to go back any further than a possible codeshare with Etihad.
Norton Rose Fulbright has also hosted a community and wellbeing event.
Norton Rose - Fulbright Center also has hosted a wellbeing event.
Norton Rose - Fulbright has also hosted a community wellbeing event.
Norton - Anne Rose Fulbright has hosted a community wellbeing event.
Norton Rose - The Fulbright has hosted a community wellbeing event.
A football match referee died on the very sidelines of a football game.
A referee has died on approach to the sidelines of a football game.
A referee died on the very far sidelines outside of a football game.
A former professional referee died on the sidelines of a professional football game.
A referee died on the sidelines of not playing a professional football game.
Bayonne area residents expressed their outrage about the desecration efforts of such an American flag.
Bayonne residents have also expressed outrages about the desecrationing of an American flag.
Bayonne residents expressed outrage about seeing to the desecration of even such an American flag.
Bayonne residents expressed outrage about seeing, as such the desecration of an American flag.
Bayonne residents expressed their outrage about the possible desecration of such an African American flag.
Diego López Forlan also scored directly from inside a corner.
Diego López Forlan scored twice directly from inside a corner.
Diego López - Forlan scored directly, from a corner.
Diego López Forlan scored, directly, from a corner.
Diego Forlan also scored twice directly, from a corner.
The star, actor Aaron Hernandez, pleaded not guilty.
The movie star, Aaron Hernandez, pleaded not guilty.
The former star Aaron Hernandez has also pleaded not guilty.
The star, Aarona Hernandez also pleaded not guilty.
The star, Aarona Hernandez pleaded to not guilty.
MARIAH Carey have put their home, Atlanta Georgia on the public open market for $ 12. 99 million.
MARIAH and Carey have put their new home, on the public open market for $ 12. 99 million.
MARIAH Carey, have just put their new home, on the market for $ 12. 5 99 million.
MARIAH Carey, have put back their home, Georgia on the market for $ $ 12. 99 million.
MARIAH Carey have now put their home, on to the open market, for $ 12. 99 million.
Khartoum, India and South - Sudan will need to intensify ties.
Khartoum, South India, and Sudan will need to intensify ties.
Khartoum, India, Pakistan and Sudan need cooperation to intensify ties.
Khartoum, South India, and South Sudan need to intensify ties.
Khartoum, India, and Sudan need to help further intensify ties.
Former London Pompey Club vice chairman Vladimir Antonov will be extradited.
Former Pompey family chairman Vladimirovich Antonovych will be extradited.
Former Italian Pompey chairman, Vladimir Antonov, will be extradited.
Former US - Pompey Club chairman Vladimir Antonov will be extradited.
Former Pompey chairman, Vladimir Antonovych will also be extradited.
November 12 - The man accused of murder of running over with a group of marathon runners Sbusiso and Langa faces all five counts of murder.
November 12 - The same young man accused of running over a group of marathon - runners Sbusiso and Langa faces all five counts of murder.
November 12 - The man accused of murder of running over a group consisting of runners, named Sbusiso Langa faces five counts each of murder.
November 12 : - The man accused him of deliberately running himself over with a group of runners Sbusiso and Langa faces five counts of murder.
November 12 - - The man he was falsely accused of running over a group of marathon - runners Sbusiso Langa faces five counts of murder.
Oliver Cromwell is expected to be officially named as finance minister on Wednesday.
Oliver is also expected to also eventually be named finance minister on Wednesday.
Oliver Smith is expected to also be named as finance minister on Wednesday.
Oliver is also expected to be named as finance minister again on Wednesday.
Oliver is expected to also be officially named finance minister starting on Wednesday.
Former international Argentina striker Luciano Figueroa has also retro - signed Panathinaikos.
Former Argentina striker, striker Luciano Figueroa, has re - signed Panathinaikos.
Former Argentina striker, Luciano César Figueroa has retro - signed Panathinaikos.
Former Argentina striker Luciano Figueroa, who has also re - signed Panathinaikos.
Former Argentina striker Luciano César Figueroa, has retro - signed Panathinaikos.
Twitter also released its own Spotify app.
Twitter also has released its Spotify app.
Twitter was released on its Spotify app.
Twitter released on its own Spotify app.
Twitter also released on its Spotify app.
Malaysian needs an effective animal - welfare policy.
Malaysian government needs for an animal welfare policy.
Malaysian government needs an effective animal welfare policy.
Malaysian needs an effective animal - welfare policy.
Malaysian needs an effective animal - welfare policy.
Boston has monitored home fire alarm system data quotes that are now available from SafeandSecureAlarm. com.
Boston monitored home fire and alarm system quotes are now freely available online from SafeandSecureAlarm. com.
Boston monitored home fire alarms system and data quotes are now available from SafeandSecureAlarm. com.
Boston monitored - home alarm alarm system data quotes are also now available from SafeandSecureAlarm. com.
Boston monitored home fire alarm system quotes are now freely available online from the SafeandSecureAlarm. com.
PAX East 2014 is also completely sold out.
PAXX East 2014 is also sold out.
PAX East 2014, which is sold out.
PAXXX East 2014 is sold out.
PAX East opening in 2014 is sold out.
Horse & Country TV has launched a Country TV Everywhere service, using the technology from Simplestream.
Horse Show & Country Home TV has launched as a TV News Everywhere service using from Simplestream.
Horse & Country TV has launched a TV for Everywhere subscription subscription service using funding from Simplestream.
Horse & Country Home TV has launched a TV News Everywhere subscription service, using from Simplestream.
Horse & Country Home TV has launched a TV News Everywhere service using technology acquired from Simplestream.
A former North Strathcona County business office owner says that his company's website was hijacked online by the design company.
A former Strathcona County business owner says his company's official corporate website was allegedly hijacked by the graphic design company.
A Strathcona County business and park owner says his design design company's website page was hijacked by the design company.
A Strathcona County area business park owner, says his company's official website was hijacked by the graphic design company.
A former Strathcona - County area business owner says his company's website page was accidentally hijacked by the design company.
A student has also been sentenced to twice each to jail for running down two women in in the Perth suburb suburb of Claremont.
A student has been recently sentenced to local jail for running down two women in the northern Perth - suburb suburb town of Claremont.
A student has also recently been recently sentenced back to jail for running down two women living in in the Perth suburb of Claremont.
A former student has been just recently sentenced back to jail for running down two women in the Perth - metropolitan suburb of Claremont.
A former student has been recently sentenced to jail time, allegedly for allegedly running down two women in the Perth suburb of Claremont.
The state government will also set up a geographical information system based on the land use management plan for developing the coastal belt.
The government will set up a geographical and information management system based on land use management plan for the South Indian coastal belt.
The state government also will set - up a geographical and information system based land use and management plan for the coastal belt.
The government will also set up as a geographical information system based land use plan for the Indian Ocean Ocean and coastal belt.
The government agency will also set - up a geographical information - system based on land - use plan for the coastal belt.
A car - bomb planted near the Carkhano market was defused.
A bomb planted nearby near Carkhanow market square was defused.
A car bomb planted near to the Carkhano market was defused.
A bomb bomb planted near Carkhano market - square was defused.
A car bomb planted near the Carkhano market square was defused.
EA Sports are set up to each pay EA $ 40 million.
EA Sports Sports are set up to pay US $ 40 million.
EA Sports Europe are set to each pay EA $ 40 million.
EA Sports are also set up to each pay $ 40 million.
EA Sports are set to each pay $ 1 US 40 million.
Australian oil stocks also gave up early gains.
Australian stocks have also gave up early gains.
Australian stocks gave up their initial early gains.
Australian oil stocks also gave up early gains.
Australian stocks gave - up their early gains.
12 - million cashes advance friendswood tx.
12 million in cashes advance friendswood tx.
12 million in cashes advance friendswood tx.
12 cashes advance to the friendswood tx.
12 million cashes in advance friendswood tx.
Citigroup, Inc. initiated the media coverage on shares of Netflix.
Citigroup, Inc. initiated media coverage on its shares of Netflix.
Citigroup, Inc. initiated coverage on its stock shares of Netflix.
Citigroup Inc. also has initiated coverages on shares of Netflix.
Citigroup Inc. initiated media coverage based on its shares of Netflix.
Foxtel has renewed The Sleepy Hollow for a planned second season.
Fox has renewed The Real Sleepy Hollow series for a second season.
Fox has since renewed Sleepy Hollow for but only a second season.
Fox has since renewed Sleepy Hollow Hollow for a possible second season.
Fox has renewed Sleepy - Hollow Productions, for a second season.
IBM is buying the internet mass - marketing firm Silverpop.
IBM Research is also buying internet marketing consulting firm Silverpop.
IBM is now also buying internet marketing consulting firm Silverpop.
IBM also is buying internet marketing and consulting firm Silverpop.
IBM is also buying the internet marketing consulting firm Silverpop.
A typhoon lashed Hong Kong Hong - Kong with wind and rain.
A typhoon lashed Hong Kong Island, with strong wind and rain.
A typhoon lashed off Hong Kong with a heavy wind and rain.
A very strong typhoon lashed Hong - Kong with wind and rain.
A typhoon lashed the entire Hong Kong Island with wind and rain.
His entire country was on all the brinks of disaster.
His country was going on to the very brink of disaster.
His country was already going on to the brink of disaster.
His country country was on the very brinks of disaster.
His entire entire country was on to the brink of disaster.
Shahrukh made tweets that like working during the first season of holidays.
Shahrukh made many tweets like working during the season instead of holidays.
Shahrukh tweets like working together during the very first season of holidays.
Shahrukh made tweets like working during the first full season of holidays.
Shahrukh also tweets like not working during the season because of holidays.
India is opposed even to having any government control on internet.
India Today is strongly opposed to any control movement on internet.
India is strongly opposed to any government control based on internet.
India is strongly opposed to any government control based on internet.
India is strongly opposed to any government control based on internet.
All counsellors will have yet to be registered.
All counsellors will have to also be registered.
All counsellors here have yet to be registered.
All counsellors have yet to also be registered.
All counsellors will have yet to be registered.
Tonya Abbott vowed to use to help help promote free trade.
Tonya Abbott vowed to use it again to promote free trade.
Tony Abbott, has also vowed to use to promote free trade.
Tonya Abbott vowed to use its use to promote free trade.
Tony Abbott vowed not to use to promote such a free trade.
What Chavo Guerrero really thinks Eddie Guerrero would think about wrestling is of today's wrestling.
What Chavo Guerrero really thinks Eddie Guerrero would never even think about of today's wrestling.
What Chavo is Guerrero really he thinks Eddie Guerrero would never think of today's wrestling.
What about Chavo - Guerrero he thinks Eddie and Guerrero would think of today's wrestling.
What Chavo Guerrero Guerrero thinks Eddie Guerrero Guerrero would not think is of today's wrestling.
US stocks now too are opening, pushing further back into record territory.
US stocks are rapidly opening, expanding and pushing further into record territory.
US stocks are opening, and pushing, them further into record territory.
US stocks are opening, and pushing them further back into record territory.
US oil stocks are slowly opening, pushing further into world record territory.
All burnings and permits are suspended.
All burnings permits and are suspended.
All burning gas permits issued are suspended.
All wood burning permit permits are suspended.
All wood burning permit permits are suspended.
BJP continued its boycotts and out of the Assembly.
BJP continued with its own electoral boycott of the Assembly.
BJP continued with its very own boycott of the Assembly.
BJP continued its electoral boycott of candidates entering the Assembly.
BJP has also continued its boycotts of the Assembly.
Yadier Molina won his sixth second - straight Gold - Glove award.
Yadier - José Molina won his sixth - straight Gold Glove award.
Yadier Molina won his sixth - - straight career Gold Glove award.
Yadier Molina won his sixth - - straight Gold - Glove award.
Yadier Molinari won his sixth straight career NBA Gold Glove award.
The Sport'for the Public Health'event will grow next year.
The National Sport for Health's event program will grow next year.
The'Sport Matters for Health'event schedule will grow next year.
The'Sport Matters for Health'event will also grow next year.
The'Sport for Health'eventing schedule will grow next year.
Even a bad - enough situation - will have some positives.
Even a bad enough situation will not always have some positives.
Even a bad enough financial situation will still have some positives.
Even a bad situation, it will always have some positives.
Even a bad situation will not always always have some positives.
Wisconsin womanhood is challenging the entire state's fetal child protection law.
Wisconsin woman activists is currently challenging for the state's fetal protection law.
Wisconsin woman is challenging for the state's new reproductive fetal protection law.
Wisconsin woman activists is challenging the state's new reproductive fetal protection law.
Wisconsin woman activists is also actively challenging the state's fetal protection law.
Firefighters will not just go on strike today.
Firefighters will not go on a strike today.
Firefighters will not go on a strike today.
Firefighters will probably not go on strike today.
Firefighters everywhere here will go on strike today.
Darnell Dockett accuses Karlos Dansby of deliberately not chasing after the money.
Darnell Jones - Dockett accuses Karlos and Dansby of chasing the money.
Darnell - Dockett also accuses Karlos Dansbys of chasing the money.
Darnell Dockett later accuses Detective Karlos Dansby of chasing after the money.
Darnell Dockett later accuses Karlos Dansbys of chasing after the money.
Iraq has also expressed its opposition to the probability of Syria of being used as either a missile launch pad or to carry out strikes directly on Syria.
Iraq has also expressed its strong opposition as to the probability of being used there as a missile launch pad to successfully carry out strikes directly on Syria.
Iraq has also expressed its opposition to the probability of it being used solely internally as a launch pad to carry - out strikes aimed specifically on Syria.
Iraq has expressed its opposition both to the probability of Syria being used as a launch - control pad and to successfully carry out air strikes on Syria.
Iraq has expressed its opposition to the ever increasing interest in the military probability of Syria being used as a launch pad to carry out strikes on Syria.
The Tuvalu political opposition political party has voted the government.
The Tuvalu opposition has also voted strongly against the government.
The ruling Tuvalu opposition party has not voted the government.
The Tuvalu national political opposition party has voted the government.
The then ruling Tuvalu opposition has not voted the government.
Bette Davis Midler will also perform live at The Academy Awards.
Bette Midler will perform in from it at The Academy Awards.
Bette Midler will perform it at The 42nd Annual Academy Awards.
Bette - Davis Midler will also perform at The Academy Awards.
Bette Midler will also perform at The Live 42nd Academy Awards.
A panda - like cub, born, was.
A panda cub, even if born, was.
A panda bear - cub, born, was.
A panda cub, even if born, was.
A brand new panda cub, born, was.
Chief Keef was shot and dead three times.
Chief Keefe was shot dead three times.
Chief Keefe was shot dead three times.
Chief Justice Keef was also shot three times.
Chief Justice Justice Keef was shot three times.
The 2013 Fremont High High School High School girls track team includes.
The undefeated 2013 undefeated Fremont High School girls track team team includes.
The 2013 Fremont High High School Boys girls'track team includes.
The 2013 - Fremont High High School girls track team team includes.
The 2013 Fremont Senior High High School girls'track team includes.
A former Bush administration senior official who was arrested on federal charges of domestic sexual assault.
A female former Bush Bush - administration official was arrested on charges of attempted sexual assault.
A former senior Bush administration official was arrested on the two federal charges of sexual assault.
A former Bush administration senior official was arrested twice, on federal charges of sexual assault.
A former Bush administration official who was later also arrested twice on charges of sexual assault.
Tarun Gogoi today has ruled out division, saying warned reduction in violence.
Taruna and Gogoi today ruled it out division saying warned in violence.
Tarun Gogoi today has ruled out division saying he warned people in violence.
Tarun Gogoi today ruled out the division saying he warned them in violence.
Tarun Gogoi today has ruled out the division saying warned them in violence.
Pakistani regular military troops are not directly targeting civilian populations.
Pakistani troops are not above directly targeting the civilian populations.
Pakistani troops by themselves are not directly targeting civilian populations.
Pakistani troops are directly targeting the entire local civilian populations.
Pakistani troops by now are directly increasingly targeting civilian populations.
London, Micky Jagger is set - up to become a great grandfather.
London, Mick Jagger is set to eventually become such a great great grandfather.
London, where Mick Jagger is set up to become such a great grandfather.
London, with singer Mick Jagger, is set to become a great grandfather.
London, Mick Jagger is all - set to become a great great grandfather.
Property values rose again at about an 8. 4 per - cent pace.
Property values also rose at an estimated 8. 4 per per cent pace.
Property values rose at an estimated estimated 8. 4 per per cent pace.
Property values rose dramatically at almost an estimated 8. 4 per cent pace.
Property values rose at an 8. 4 million - per - cent pace.
A type of fungal bacterial infection that occurs in the aman plants worries the farmers.
A type of a fungal bacterial infection in the aman plants also worries the farmers.
A type case report of a fungal infection in aman plants also worries the farmers.
A type of a fungal infection in amancae plants also worries the farmers.
A brand new type strain of fungal infection in aman plants also worries the farmers.
DORTMUND, has also signed Serbia midfielder, midfielder Milos Jojic.
DORTMUND, has signed Serbia national international midfielder, Milos Jojic.
DORTMUND, which has signed Serbia international midfielder, Milos Jojic.
DORTMUND, has also signed the former Serbia midfielder Milos Jojic.
DORTMUND, which has signed former Serbia midfielder, Milos Jojic.
Houston Harris Harris County jumped to an early lead, beating Bill Evans 20 21 - 9.
Houston County then jumped to help take an early lead, beating Evansville 20 - 9.
Houston - County jumped out to an early early lead, beating Evans 20 21 - 9.
Houston Harris County jumped to an early lead, beating Evansville 20 21 21 - 9.
Houston County jumped out close to an early lead, easily beating Evansville 20 - 9.
Supermarkets also have been strongly urged to not to devalue food by not entering into price wars.
Supermarkets have been urged not but only to further devalue food prices by entering into price wars.
Supermarkets have also been urged not to devalue their food by simply entering it into price wars.
Supermarkets have been urged not only to devalue " their food by entering into " price wars.
Supermarkets have been strongly urged on not to deliberately deliberately devalue food by entering into price wars.
HTC has also reported an estimated estimated $ 83 percent drop in second quarter profit.
HTC has also recently reported an 83 percent drop rate in second - quarter profit.
HTC has recently also reported an 83 percent drop rate in its second quarter profit.
HTCC has reported an estimated 83 percent drop rate in second - quarter profit.
HTCC has reported seeing an 83 percent drop rate in second - quarter profit.
Athletes should not be allowed to even actively use performance enhancing drugs.
Athletes should also not only be allowed to use performance enhancing drugs.
Athletes should also not be allowed to use any performance enhancing drugs.
Athletes athletes should not also be allowed to use performance enhancing drugs.
Athletes should be allowed to not actively use any performance enhancing drugs.
Insurance companies, also are dumping doctors.
Insurance company companies that are dumping doctors.
Insurance companies, also are dumping doctors.
Insurance company companies are also dumping doctors.
Insurance and company companies are dumping doctors.
Who robbed them at a gunpoint, in their apartment.
Who robbed at gunpoint and died in leaving their apartment.
Who robbed them at a gunpoint in to their apartment.
Who had robbed them at gunpoint in leaving their apartment.
Who else else was robbed at gunpoint in their apartment.
An Afghan policewoman, and later a pregnant teacher, were hanged.
An Afghan policewoman and a pregnant high school teacher, were hanged.
An Afghan policewoman and later a very young pregnant teacher were hanged.
An injured Afghan policewoman and later, a pregnant teacher were hanged.
An elderly, Afghan policewoman and a pregnant teacher, were hanged.
Legend, as it does Michael Jordan, is set to finally be made a father at the age of 50.
Legend, Michael Jordan, who is also set to be named as a father at around the age of 50.
Legend, by Michael Jordan, is set to finally finally be a father at around the approximate age of 50.
Legend, Michael, Michael Jordan, is also set to be named a father at around the age of 50.
Legend, Michael, Michael Jordan, is also reportedly set to officially be a father at the age of 50.
Channing Tatum is rumoured also to be considering putting his Magic Mike sequel on hold once again for Be The Son.
Channing Tatum is also widely rumoured to be considering putting his Magic Mike 2 sequel on hold again for The Son.
Channing Tatum is rumoured also to be putting his next Magic Mike sequels on hold except for For The Son.
Channing Tatum is also rumoured to be putting his own Magical Mike sequel on hold again for Be The Son.
Channing Tatum is rumoured to be putting his Magical Killer Mike 2 sequel on hold again, for The Son.
The Colts also have recently promoted quarterback Griff Whalen to the active roster.
The Colts would have also promoted Griffey Whalen to the active roster.
The Colts have promoted quarterback, Griff Whalen to the Colts active roster.
The Indianapolis Colts have promoted Griff Whalen III to join the active roster.
The Colts also have promoted quarterback Griff Whalen to join the active roster.
Marko Wallinger has since joined both Hauser & Wirth.
Mark Wallinger, has since joined Hausert & Wirth.
Mark Wallinger has also since joined Hausert & Wirth.
Mark von Wallinger has since joined Hausert & Wirth.
Mark Wallingers has since joined Hausert & Wirth.
Summer may be over, but... The Munye is still a not very busy place.
Summertime may be over, but The Munye is still a not very busy place.
Summer may be almost over, now, but... The Muny is still a busy place.
Summer may be over, but... The Old Old Muny is probably still a busy place.
Summer may be nearly over, but... The Old Muny is probably still a busy place.
Booneville County public elementary schools were closed due to the resulting slick road conditions.
Boone County public elementary and schools were closed down due to the slick road conditions.
Boone County elementary public high schools were closed due largely to the slick road conditions.
Boone County public and elementary public schools were closed due primarily to slick road conditions.
Boone County area, public and elementary schools were closed due to slick road conditions.
EastEnders'lead actress, Gillian Wright has revealed that she's leaving the show after eight years.
EastEnders lead actress, Gillian Anne Wright has since revealed she's leaving the show after eight years.
EastEnders actress Gillian Wrightson has revealed she's considering leaving from joining the show after eight years.
EastEnders lead actress Gillian Wrightson has revealed she's leaving the show, after almost eight years.
EastEnders actress Gillian Wright has since also revealed she's considering leaving the show after almost eight years.
Michaela Allen won the 2011 Greater Houston Hickory Classic.
Michael Allen won at the 2011 Nike Greater Hickory Classic.
Michaela Allen also won at the Greater Hickory Classic.
Michael Allen won at both the Greater Houston Hickory Classic.
Michael Allen also recently won the 2011 Greater Hickory Classic.
The The Simpsons paid tribute to Marcia Wallace, with her posting a chalkboard message.
The show The Simpsons also paid tributes to Marcia Wallace with a chalkboard message.
The Simpsons paid tributes to Marciano Wallace with a humorous, chalkboard message.
The Simpsons paid a special special tribute to Marciano Wallace with a chalkboard message.
The show The Simpsons also paid tributes to Marcia Wallace with a chalkboard message.
The Ballet Theatre Company will be there also holding auditions.
The American Ballet Theatre Company will be also holding auditions.
The American Ballet Theatre Company will be also holding auditions.
The Ballet National Theatre company, will be holding auditions.
The Ballet Theatre will also very soon be holding auditions.
DIRTY - stethoscopes may be helping young blind people to spread bugs, a study suggests.
DIRTY - stethoscopes may be also helping people to help spread bugs, a study suggests.
DIRTY stethoscopes may also be useful helping to help spread bugs, as a study suggests.
DIRTY stethoscopes may be helping people to help spread bugs, as such a study suggests.
DIRTY stethoscopes may also be helping people to spread bugs, as such a study suggests.
National Development Bank of Kuwait the Kuwait is also well positioned to take advantage of new opportunities.
National Development Bank of Kuwait is well positioned here, to take advantage of these new opportunities.
National Bank of the Kuwait, is well - positioned, to take advantage of new opportunities.
National Bank of Kuwait is also well positioned, ready to take full advantage of new opportunities.
National Bank Bank Bank of the Kuwaiti is well positioned to take advantage of new opportunities.
A man who was held hostage at a gunpoint and beaten during committing an attempted robbery.
A man was also being held at gunpoint and beaten during an attempted and attempted robbery.
A man was also held at a gunpoint and beaten during an attempted and attempted robbery.
A man was held hostage at gunpoint and severely beaten during an attempted and attempted robbery.
A young man who was held hostage at gunpoint and severely beaten during an attempted robbery.
Futures are rising for the very first time ever in this week.
Futures prices are also rising for the first ever time this week.
Futures are rising, for perhaps the very first time this week.
Futures are rising again for the very very first time this week.
Futures prices are rising again for the very first time this week.
The effects of childhood and sexual abuse alone can last a lifetime.
The effects of early childhood abusers can last over a lifetime.
The effects of chronic early childhood sexual abuse can last a lifetime.
The " effects " of childhood abuse can only last a lifetime.
The effects of childhood sexual abuse can sometimes last over a lifetime.
A wintry, wet mix of ice, sleet, snow is heading straight in our way.
A wintry mix of ice, sleet, and snow that is now heading in our way.
A wintry wet mix of ice, sleet, and snow, snow is heading our way.
A wintry wet mix made of ice, sleet, and snow is now heading our way.
A wintry mix consisting mostly of freshly melted ice, sleet, snow is heading our way.
Pamela Anderson later publicly regrets her Playboy shoot.
Pamela Anderson also regrets missing her Playboy shoot.
Pamela Anderson regrets her last nude Playboy shoot.
Pamela Anderson also regrets missing her Playboy shoot.
Pamela Anderson regrets missing her first Playboy shoot.
A schoolboy muck - up prank had turned ugly.
A school mucked up and a prank turned ugly.
A high - school muck up a prank turned ugly.
A high school, muck up prank had turned ugly.
A high school muck - up prank had turned ugly.
A group of Manchester high school - students also spent night.
A small local group of East Manchester school students spent night.
A small group of Manchester high - school students spent night.
A small group of West Manchester high school students spent night.
A small group consisting of Manchester school students also spent night.
Alto and Michael Hashim will open the 2018 New - Jersey Youth Jazz Festival Society's social season.
Alto and Michael Hashim will open the New - York South Jersey Youth Jazz Society's social season.
Alto and Michaela Hashim will also open the New Jersey Jazz Festival and Society's social season.
Alton and Michael Hashim will open the New - Jersey Jazz Society's annual jazz social season.
Alto and Michael Hashimoto will open the New - Jersey Jazz and Festival Society's social season.
China Construction Bank Ltd. has also stated said profit growth slowed.
China China National Construction Bank Ltd. has said profit growth slowed.
China National Construction Bank, Ltd., said profit growth slowed.
China Construction and Investment Bank Ltd. has said profit growth slowed.
China National Construction Investment Bank Ltd. said that profit growth slowed.
Binghamton, NY A man guilty only of an attempted murder learned his fate.
Binghamton, NY A man guilty of attempted - murder learned of his fate.
Binghamton, A man found guilty of attempted - murder, learned his fate.
Binghamton, NY : A man found guilty of attempted murder learned his fate.
Binghamton, A man guilty only of an attempted murder learned of his fate.
Carrier Verizon has claimed that India asked for India to temporarily block access to certain websites.
Carrier Verizon Wireless has claimed " that India asked to block access to " certain websites.
Carrier owner, Verizon Wireless has claimed India asked to temporarily block access to certain websites.
Carrier Verizon has also claimed India asked to block accesses made to such certain websites.
Carrier Verizon Wireless has also claimed that India was asked to block access to certain websites.
Josep Mourinho accused the West Ham United of playing 19th century football.
Jose Mourinho has also accused West Ham of playing 19th - century football.
Josep Mourinho accused West Ham United of not playing 19th century football.
Jose Mourinho has accused West - West Ham of playing 19th century football.
Jose Mourinho accused West - Ham of playing in the 19th century football.
A private jet carrying bands Ratt and Dokkens had managed to safely make an emergency landing.
A jet carrying bands of Ratt and the Dokken had to make for an emergency emergency landing.
A jet carrying both the bands Ratt and the Dokken had to make an emergency emergency landing.
A jet carrying the bandsits of Rattner and Dokken had to make an emergency landing.
A jet - carrying bands Rattner, and Dokken had managed to make an emergency landing.
A young man found while hanging himself from a tree was electrocuted.
A man, who was found hanging from a tree was electrocuted.
A young man found dead hanging from behind a tree was electrocuted.
A nearly naked young man found hanging from a tree was electrocuted.
A man found hanging from behind of a nearby tree was electrocuted.
A man also was arrested after allegedly accidentally cutting off half his monitor.
A man was also arrested after allegedly allegedly accidentally cutting off his monitor.
A young man was arrested, after allegedly accidentally cutting off his monitor.
A third man was arrested after allegedly cutting - off half his monitor.
A man was arrested after allegedly allegedly allegedly cutting wires off his monitor.
Tina Brownlee is leaving for The Atlanta Daily Beast.
Tinah Smith - Brown is leaving The Daily Beast.
Tinah Brown is leaving work for The Daily Beast.
Tinah - Brown is also leaving The Daily Beast.
Tina Brownlees is leaving for The Daily Beast.
Rustic, with Overtones, will play again at the Matterhorn.
Rustic Overtones, will play live at Rock on the Matterhorn.
Rustic Overtones, will also play live at Rock the Matterhorn.
Rustic Overtones, who also will play at Rock the Matterhorn.
Rustico Overtones, who will also play at the Matterhorn.
A Punta Gorda woman was arrested on both the sexual and battery charges.
A Punta Gorda woman was later arrested again on sexual and battery charges.
A young Punta Gorda woman, was also arrested on sexual battery charges.
A Punta Gordan woman, was also arrested on sexual battery charges.
A Punta Gorda woman was arrested twice on federal child sexual battery charges.
California became the first state first to officially join the national natural disaster coordination program.
California also became first in the state to join the new national disaster coordination program.
California became the state to join the national government emergency disaster relief and coordination program.
California became also the first US member state to join the national disaster coordination program.
California became the first state to join in the national emergency disaster relief coordination program.
The root causes of many other major social, cultural and political problems, are rooted mainly in economic corruption.
The causes of many major social, cultural and even even political social problems, are rooted in economic corruption.
The economic root - causes of many social, cultural, and political problems that are rooted in economic corruption.
The root causes of the many other major social, both cultural and political problems are rooted in economic corruption.
The causes of the very many social, cultural, and political problems involved today are rooted in economic corruption.
A South Florida police man was arrested.
A Florida police maniac was arrested.
A Florida man also, was arrested.
A South Florida police man was arrested.
A South Florida man also was arrested.
A victory by Gabon also threw Group - D competition wide open.
A late comeback victory by Gabon threw the Group D wide open.
A victory by Gabon then threw Group A - D wide open.
A victory followed by Gabon, then threw Group D wide open.
A victory by Gabon then again threw Group - D wide open.
Bethenny, and Frankel and Bryn attended at a Disney store event.
Bethenny Frankelman, and Brynner attended a Disney store event.
Bethenny Frankel and Bryn attended at least a Disney department store event.
Bethenny Frankelman and Brynner attended a Disney department store event.
Bethenny Frankel and David Bryn attended a Disney department - store event.
Nathi Mthethwa called him calling out for calm in Brits.
Nathika Mthethwa called out for the calm in Brits.
Nathi Mthethwa called out for more political calm in Brits.
Nathika Mthethwa called for more political calm in Brits.
Nathi Mthethwa also called for more calmness in Brits.
Philly and Everly, who Don had formed in a duo that influenced, has died.
Phil Everly, who Don had formed in a pop duo that that influenced, has died.
Phil Everly, who Don formed in as a duo with artists that influenced, has died.
Phil Everly, along with who Don formed in a duo with that influenced, has died.
Phil Everly, with others who Don had previously formed a duo that influenced, has died.
Michelle Plouffe scored first and Utah upset Washington - State 58 59 57.
Michelle Plouffel scored and led Utah upsets Washington State 59 57.
Michelle Van Plouffel scored and Utah State upset Washington State 59 57.
Michelle Plouffel also scored and Utah upset Washington State 58 59 57.
Michelle Plouffel scored and Utah upset Washington State 58 - 59 57.
UNC Charlotte's trying to help help teachers start working harder today toward their master's degree.
UNC Charlotte's been trying to help help help teachers working toward getting their master's degree.
UNC Charlotte's trying hard to help help teachers working toward getting back their master's degree.
UNC Charlotte's been trying to help graduate teachers working hard toward getting their master's degree.
UNC Charlotte's has always been trying to help teachers working hard toward their master's degree.
Who sit in their own judgement and authority.
Who sit together in judgements and authority.
Who can only sit in judgement and authority.
Who can sit in judgements and authority.
Who sit in their judgements and authority.
Two students were hurt in them both in a school bus crash.
Two students were also hurt in a school mini - bus crash.
Two other students were hurt in both a school and bus crash.
Two students also were hurt in both in a school bus crash.
Two students, were also hurt in a school - bus crash.
Marcus Smartypants shoved aside a Texas Tech fan.
Marcus Von Smart shoved aside a Texas - Tech fan.
Marcus Van Smart shoved a huge old Texas Tech fan.
Marcus Smarty shoved me aside a Texas Tech fan.
Marcus Smart shoved him aside like a Texas Tech fan.
The former police officer working at being the center of a federal child sexual abuse investigation is telling his story.
The same former police officer at being the very center of a child abuse investigation, is telling his story.
The former officer at the centerpiece of such as a child - abuse investigation is telling her his story.
The former officer at being at the center of such a major child abuse case investigation is telling his story.
The same day unnamed former police officer at the detention center of a child abuse investigation is telling his story.
Beyonce recorded around - 80 songs specifically for her upcoming surprise album.
Beyonce recorded around - half 80 songs specifically for her surprise album.
Beyonce has also recorded around 80 new songs for her surprise album.
Beyonce recorded only around 80 original songs for her first surprise album.
Beyonce also has recorded for around 80 songs for her surprise album.
An Obamacare individual mandate to delay has also recently been announced.
An Obamacare and individual mandate mandate without delay has been announced.
An alternative Obamacare individual mandate delay plan has also been announced.
An Obamacare individual - mandate delay plan has also been announced.
An Obamacare budget and an individual mandate delay has been announced.
A firefighter pleaded not guilty - to guilty to the charges after he beat a woman who was feeding cats.
A firefighter pleaded not - guilty to the charges because he had beat a woman who allegedly was feeding cats.
A local firefighter pleaded not guilty to charges after he beat up a woman who he allegedly was feeding cats.
A local firefighter pleaded not guilty to charges after he beat a young woman, who he was feeding cats.
A local firefighter later pleaded not guilty to charges, after he allegedly beat a woman who was feeding cats.
2013 VETUS joined as the new Yanmar group.
2013 : The VETUS joined the Yanmar group.
2013 VETUS joined with the former Yanmar group.
2013 VETUS joined the brand new Yanmar group.
2013 : VETUSA joined the Yanmar group.
A man was sentenced twice for causing such a crash, that left only a woman sitting in a wheelchair.
A man was also sentenced for causing such a crash, that he left behind a woman in a wheelchair.
A young young man who was sentenced twice for causing a crash that left a woman sitting in a wheelchair.
A third man, was also sentenced, for causing a crash that left a pregnant woman in a wheelchair.
A man was sentenced twice each for causing such a crash that had left a pregnant woman in a wheelchair.
The UN will double the total force size of all its peacekeeping force based in South Sudan.
The new UN will double the total size of its peacekeeping task - force in South Sudan.
The UN will double twice the total size of its peacekeeping task force in the South Sudan.
The new UNDP will double the total size of its peacekeeping force in the South Sudan.
The UN force will double twice the size required of its peacekeeping force in the South Sudan.
Punjab State Government plans to sell 100, 000 000 packets worth of vegetables annually for Rabi season.
Punjab State Government plans it to sell 100, 000 000 packets of fresh vegetables for Rabi season.
Punjab Government plans it to now annually sell 100, 000 packets of vegetables for the Rabi season.
Punjab Government has plans to sell 100, 000 packets of fresh vegetables for during the Rabi season.
Punjab Government plans to sell 100, 000 food packets'worth of fresh vegetables for Rabi season.
Five members of a massive, international counterfeit - goods smuggling conspiracy have also pleaded guilty.
Five members convicted of of a massive, counterfeit goods conspiracy, may have pleaded guilty.
Five other members of a massive, illegal counterfeit goods sales conspiracy may have pleaded guilty.
Five members accused of a massive, counterfeit goods and smuggling conspiracy have also pleaded guilty.
Five members of a potentially massive, counterfeit goods and smuggling conspiracy have also pleaded guilty.
The Ruby Tuesday restaurant restaurant chain, will also close 30.
The Ruby - Tuesday restaurant restaurant chain will also close 30.
The former Ruby Tuesday restaurant restaurant chain, will close 30.
The entire Ruby Tuesdays restaurant chain, will close 30.
The entire Ruby Tuesdays restaurant chain, will close 30.
Segun Odegbami, has urged kids to not don't take training seriously.
Segun Odegbami, has also urged kids not to take their training seriously.
Segun Odegbami, has also urged his kids to not take training seriously.
Segun Odegbami, who has always urged his kids to take training seriously.
Segun Odegbami, has also urged kids to not take their training seriously.
State Sen. Bob Duffields are inviting Norwalk residents out to a large open house.
State Representatives Sen. Bob and Duff are inviting Norwalk residents to hold a free open house.
State Sen. Bob and Duff are inviting Norwalk area residents all out to a open house.
State Sen. Bob Duffield are also inviting Norwalk residents to a new free open house.
State Sen. Bob Duff and Duff are inviting the Norwalk residents to hold a open house.
MORE More than a 200 volunteers have gathered wing to prepare 10, 000 000 meal packs each in six hours as a part project.
MORE : More than 200 volunteers gathered from wing to wing prepare 10, 000 meal - packs in six hours as a part project.
MORE than 200 volunteers gathered wing to wing prepare over 10, 000 daily meal - packs in six continuous hours, as part project.
MORE More than a 200 volunteers have gathered wing staff to prepare 10, 000 meal packs almost daily in six hours as part project.
MORE than 200 local volunteers gathered wing to wing prepare over 10, 000 000 meal - size packs in six hours as part project.
Who is, she and how she got plastic - surgery to look.
Who is, and she has probably got plastic surgery just to look.
Who is, and she got plastic - surgery just so to look.
Who is, and, how well she got plastic surgery to look.
Who is, and she just got plastic surgery just so to look.
Schoologya is also very pleased to announce its user conference, NEXT 2014.
Schoology is pleased enough to officially announce its user community conference, NEXT 2014.
Schoologys is pleased to officially announce its first user conference, NEXT 2014.
Schoology is pleased enough, to announce its user community conference, NEXT 2014.
Schoology is pleased enough to announce its user conference, titled # NEXT 2014.
A second memorial dedication service was held.
A memorial and dedication service was held.
A memorial dedication service also was held.
A memorial dedication memorial service was held.
A second memorial service service was held.
Fleetwood Mac then abruptly cancels tour.
Fleetwood Mac then abruptly cancels tour.
Fleetwood Mac - Mac cancels tour.
Fleetwood Mac then abruptly cancels tour.
Fleetwood Mac, then cancels tour.
27 firefighting engines have been also temporarily removed, to prepare for a possible strike.
27 fire engines have been completely removed to better prepare for even such a possible strike.
27 other fire engines have also also been removed, to prepare for a possible strike.
27 fire - engines have been completely removed to better prepare for such a possible strike.
27 fire engines may have also been temporarily removed to prepare them for a possible strike.
A polio emergency and treatment plan has been repeatedly chalked out.
A polio vaccine emergency plan has already been carefully chalked out.
A polio emergency plank has already been neatly chalked out.
A polio - vaccine emergency planner has been chalked out.
A polio vaccine emergency plan has already been carefully chalked out.
Buenos - Aires, Belgrano defeated Racing Motor Club by 3 0.
Buenos Aires, Belgrano, defeated Real Racing Social Club 3 0.
Buenos Aires, Belgrano defeated Club Atlético Racing Club Argentina 3 0.
Buenos Aires, Belgrano defeated the Racing Social Sport Club 3 0.
Buenos Aires, Belgrano defeated the Racing Social Club by 3 0.
The Detroit Lions'2014 preseason schedule will not be released tonight.
The entire Detroit Lions 2014 season schedule will be being released tonight.
The Detroit Lions 2014 season schedule information will not be released tonight.
The Detroit Red Lions 2014 schedule will also not be released tonight.
The entire Detroit Lions 2014 schedule will be officially being released tonight.
Energy saving is often required before any progresss can be made.
Energy - saving equipment is required before any progress can be made.
Energy is often required before any progresss can actually be made.
Energy is often required before any progresss can actually be made.
Energy is often required before any progresss made can be made.
Satoru and Iwata will also not be resigning permanently from Nintendo.
Satoru, Iwata, also will not be resigning from Nintendo.
Satoru Iwata, also will not be seen resigning from Nintendo.
Satoru Iwata, also will not be resigning permanently from Nintendo.
Satoru, Iwata, will also not be resigning from Nintendo.
Lizzy thinks Yarnold is alive but the worst aspect is she has only took up the skeletons five years ago.
Lizzy Yarnolds is dead but the sad aspect is she only took back up the skeletons five years ago.
Lizzy Yarnolds is dead but the aspect is that she only took back up the original skeleton five years ago.
Lizzy Yarnolds is dead but the aspect is that she only just took up on the skeleton five years ago.
Lizzy and Yarnold is but the very worst aspect is she only took up the skeletons five hundred years ago.
Auditor - General has recommended penalties against Xerox.
Auditor General has also recommended penalties against Xerox.
Auditor General has recommended higher penalties against Xerox.
Auditor General has also recommended penalties against Xerox.
Auditor has also recommended penalties imposed against Xerox.
Barack - Obama has started spending his holiday on the Martha's Vineyard.
Barack - Obama has only just started his holiday on Martha's Vineyard.
Barack - Obama has started his holiday season on the Martha's Vineyard.
Barack Obama, has also started his holiday celebration on Martha's Vineyard.
Barack Obama has started his holiday day celebration on the Martha's Vineyard.
She has since signed up again as the host of dating and dating reality show MTV Splitsvilla.
She has signed up again as the host of dating and reality TV show " MTV Splitsvilla.
She also has also signed up as the new host of dating and reality show MTV Splitsvilla.
She has signed - up as the host of dating reality - TV game show MTV Splitsvilla.
She has signed up as being the hostess of dating and reality TV show MTV Splitsvilla.
Caseyville has held Freaky Fives Halloween 5K run recently / recently.
Caseyville held Freaky Five Halloween Halloween Night 5K run 2008 / recently.
Caseyville held Freaky Number Five Halloween 5K run, recently / recently.
Caseyville also held Freaky Fives Halloween Night 5K run / recently.
Caseyville held a Freaky Five Halloween 5Ks festival run / recently.
An increasingly angry old Elon maniac is accused of breaking into cars, stealing a debit card.
An Elonzi man is accused of allegedly breaking into police cars, stealing even a debit card.
An Elonzi man is accused of allegedly breaking into cars, stealing even a bank debit card.
An Elonzi man is also accused of breaking windows into police cars, stealing a debit card.
An old Elon man is also accused of illegally breaking windows into cars, stealing a debit card.
Merrill Lynch Holdings will pay US $ US 132 million.
Merrill - Lynch will also pay $ $ 132 million.
Merrill Lynch - Lynch Holdings will pay $ 132 million.
Merrill Lynch will pay $ US 1 US 132 million.
Merrill - Lynch will also pay $ US 132 million.
The Louisiana Philharmonic Orchestra presents Bolero on Feb. 7 at July 7 10 : 00 30 pm at the First Baptist First Baptist Church in Covington.
The Louisiana State Philharmonic Orchestra presents the Bolero on Feb. 7, at approximately 7 : 00 30 pm at the First Baptist Church in Covington.
The Louisiana Philharmonic Chamber Orchestra first presents Bolero on Feb. 7, at 7 : 00 30. pm at First Baptist Church, in Covington.
The Louisiana Philharmonic Orchestra also presents Bolero on Sunday Feb. 7 at July 7 at 10 : 30 pm at the First Baptist Church in Covington.
The Louisiana State University University Philharmonic Orchestra presents the Bolero on Feb. 7 at 7 : 30 pm at First First Missionary Baptist Church in Covington.
A third possible third full series adaptation of the TV - drama Ripper Street is to be produced in Ireland.
A possible third series, of the TV drama television series Ripper Street is to also be produced in Ireland.
A possible third series, of, after the TV drama Ripper Street, is to be produced in Ireland.
A second possible and third series of the TV drama Ripper Street Blues is to be also produced in Ireland.
A third series, of the new TV drama Ripper - Street is to be produced also, in Ireland.
Columbiana, County high schools will close early today.
Columbiana County schools will probably close down early today.
Columbiana, Columbia County schools will close early today.
Columbia County Schools'public schools will close early today.
Columbia County schools will most probably close very early today.
Manchester City United will return home again to the United States ahead of the upcoming 2014 / 15 campaign and in Europe.
Manchester United will also return to represent the United - States ahead of the 2014 / 15 summer campaign and in Europe.
Manchester United City and United will return to the United States ahead of the 2014 /'15 summer campaign in Europe.
Manchester United FC will return home to the United States ahead of the upcoming UEFA Euro 2014 / 15 campaign in Europe.
Manchester United will return to represent the continental United States ahead of the upcoming 2014 2014 / 15 campaign and in Europe.
Eminence Baptist Church will have recently also held its Songfest.
Eminence Baptist Missionary Baptist Church also will have its Songfest.
Eminence Baptist Baptist Church will also also have its Songfest.
Eminence Baptist Church will also have recently hosted its Songfest.
Eminence Park First Baptist Church will also have its Songfest.
Four other South Oak Park area teens, were arrested in connection with a residential burglary.
Four Oak Park teens, were also arrested in direct connection with a suspected residential burglary.
Four other former Oak Park teens were arrested in connection with connection with a residential burglary.
Four Oakwood Park teens were also later arrested in a connection with a residential burglary.
Four other Oakwood Park teens were arrested, in connection with investigating a residential burglary.
Mike D'Antoni has resigned, as was also the Lakers head coach.
Mike D'Antoni has resigned temporarily, as the Lakers'head coach.
Mikey D'Antoni also has resigned as was the Lakers head coach.
Mike D'Antoni has resigned temporarily as he was the Lakers head coach.
Mike D'Antoni has since resigned, as was the Lakers head coach.
How to even get prescriptions for tamiflu.
How to even get a prescription for tamiflu.
How to even remotely get prescription for tamiflu.
How hard to get prescriptions for tamiflu.
How hard not to get prescription for tamiflu.
The Government is also determined to further and develop the mediation services.
The Australian Federal Government is determined to further and develop mediation services.
The Government is also determined to further and further develop mediation services.
The Government Communications Department is determined to help further develop mediation services.
The South Indian Government is also determined to further develop mediation services.
Nicklas Backstrom also failed, despite testing positive.
Nicklas and John Backstrom failed, testing positive.
Nicklas Backstrom also failed, despite testing positive.
Nicklas Backstrom also failed, despite testing positive.
Nicklas and Backstrom failed, both testing positive.
Tesco also has stepped, in, launching its new Hudl tablet computer.
Tesco UK also has recently stepped, launching its new Hudl tablet computer.
Tesco has also stepped, launching its brand - new Hudl tablet computer.
Tesco UK has stepped, in, launching its new Hudl tablet computer.
Tesco has stepped, launching its new flagship Sony Hudline tablet computer.
Vconnecta has also become the very very first Irish company licensed to supply campaigning platform technology to run a party in the US.
Vconnecta has also become the very very first Irish company to supply campaigning technology services to a political political party in the US.
Vconnecta has become arguably the first Irish company ever to successfully successfully supply its own campaigning technology to a party in the US.
Vconnecta has become the first Irish company ever to successfully successfully supply its campaigning technology and to run a party in the US.
Vconnecta Ireland has become possibly the first Irish company to successfully supply its campaigning technology to a party based in outside the US.
A South Park engineer who is reportedly reportedly also among the estimated 239 people missing on the East Malaysian Airlines flight, her employer said.
A South Park engineer is also among of the previously estimated 239 people reported missing on the Malaysian Airlines flight, her former employer said.
A South Park Airport engineer, is among the 239 people missing on the East Malaysian Airlines Express flight, her former business employer said.
A Southland Park engineer is among the estimated 2390 people reported missing on the Malaysian International Malaysia Airlines flight, her employer said.
A South Park engineer who is among of the 239 people reported missing on board the Malaysian International Airlines passenger flight, her employer said.
A couple of 70 - years old who never spent a day so far apart died.
A couple each of the 70 + years who had never spent a day apart died.
A lucky couple of 70 + + years who never spent a day far apart died.
A couple people of 70 + years who never really spent a single day apart died.
A very young couple of 70 + years who never spent a single day apart died.
Stephenie Colbert, will replace David Letterman again on The Late Show.
Stephen Colbert will replace David Letterman on his The Late Late Late Show.
Stephen Colbert, who will replace David Letterman on The Late Late Show.
Stephen Colbert will also replace David Letterman on The Late Late Late Show.
Stephenie Colbert, will also replace David Letterman on The Late Show.
Taylor Lautner, Michael and Anne Marie Avgeropoulos have split.
Taylor - Mary Anne Lautner and Marie Avgeropoulos have split.
Taylor Lautner, and Marie Avgeropoulos, who have split.
Taylor Lautner, and actress Anne Marie Avgeropoulos have split.
Taylor, Lautner and Marie Avgeropoulos, who have split.
The new Alaska ferry LeConte Island is currently sidelined through Wednesday.
The Alaska ferry to LeConte Island is sidelined Monday through Wednesday.
The Amtrak Alaska ferry to LeConte is sidelined Monday through Wednesday.
The former Alaska ferry LeConte is currently sidelined Monday through Wednesday.
The Alaskan ferry LeConte is also currently sidelined through Wednesday.
A man who was injured in during an apparent early morning shooting.
A man was seriously injured in during of an early morning shooting.
A man also was seriously injured in an apparent early morning shooting.
A man also reported killed was injured in an early morning shooting.
A man was also seriously injured in an early - morning shooting.
Justin Ganai is searching desperately desperately for strikers.
Justine Ganaié is searching for strikers.
Justin Ganai, who is searching for strikers.
Justine Ganaié is searching for strikers.
Justine Ganai, is searching for strikers.
Three people have been injured, after a car crashed too heavily into a small house located in Simpson County.
Three people may have been injured, after a police car crashed into a house located elsewhere in Simpson County.
Three people have been seriously injured after a car crashed into a house, both located in unincorporated Simpson County.
Three other people have also been seriously injured after a car has crashed into near a house in Simpson County.
Three people have been injured, after a car that was crashed into near a house in northern Simpson County.
A man is recovering from after he first fell while slowly descending North of Maroon Peak.
A young man is recovering after he fell while slowly - descending North of Maroon Peak.
A man is recovering after he accidentally fell asleep while slowly descending North of Maroon Peak.
A young homeless man is recovering from after he fell while slowly descending North Maroon Peak.
A man is recovering from after falls in which he fell while descending North Maroon Peak.
The Chicago Cubs hired Rickey Renteria as their first ever new manager.
The Chicago Cubs hired Rickey Renteria as their their first new manager.
The expansion Chicago Chicago White Cubs hired Rick Renteria as their new manager.
The Chicago Cubs then immediately hired Rickey Renteria as their new manager.
The Chicago American League Champion Cubs hired Rick Renteria as their new manager.
An elderly and elderly couple was found dead.
An elderly married couple, was found dead.
An elderly couple member was also found dead.
An elderly married couple was also found dead.
An elderly elderly couple, was found dead.
Eileen Mary Brennan, who also starred, died.
Eileen Mary Ann Brennan, who starred, died.
Eileen Mary Brennan, actress who starred, died.
Eileen Brennan, who had also starred, died.
Eileen Mary Brennan, who also starred, died.
Mondeleza International, USA, Inc topped and dramatically raised its share buyback authorization.
Mondeleza International Inc topped and, dramatically, raised its share of buyback authorization.
Mondelez International Inc. topped and, dramatically, raised its market share buyback authorization.
Mondeleza International Inc topped out and then dramatically raised its market share buyback authorization.
Mondelez International, Inc., topped and dramatically, raised its share buyback authorization.
REEVA Steenkamp's maternal uncle has forgiven Oscar and Pistorius for not killing her.
REEVA Steenkamp's uncle who has already forgiven Oscar and Pistorius for killing her.
REEVA : Steenkamp's great uncle has forgiven Oscar and Pistorius for killing her.
REEVA Steenkamp's uncle who she has forgiven Oscar Pistorius, for killing her.
REEVA Steenkamp's uncle has finally finally forgiven Oscar Pistorius, for killing her.
Elsevier Science Publishing has acquired certain book assets of Gulfstream Publishing Company.
Elsevier has acquired certain book assets out of Gulfstream International Publishing Company.
Elsevier Publishing has acquired a certain book publishing assets of Gulf Publishing Company.
Elsevier has acquired certain book assets out of both the Gulf Publishing Company.
Elsevier has acquired certain rare book assets out of the Gulf Publishing Company.
Donegal hurlers also got off well to make a winning early start, proving for Fermanagh.
Donegal senior hurlers then got off to a winning start, proving strong enough for Fermanagh.
Donegal senior hurlers got off to a fast winning early start, proving strong for Fermanagh.
Donegal senior hurlers then got off to a winning start, just before proving for Fermanagh.
Donegal hurlers got off to finally make a fast winning start, and proving for Fermanagh.
I get more stick from Arsenal fans than'Spurs'fans,'" says Wright.
I get one more stick from'Arsenal'fans than Spurs'fans, says Wright.
I get more stickers coming in from Arsenal fans than Spurs'fans, says Wright.
I get one more sticker from the Arsenal fans than Spurs'fans, says Wright.
I get just one more stick from Arsenal fans than Spurs fans, " " says Wright.
Show, Good - Morning Britain, launched live live on ITV.
Show, and later Good - Morning Britain, launched on ITV.
Show, and Good Morning - Morning Britain, launched on ITV.
Show, Today and Good Morning Britain, launched simultaneously on ITV.
Show, and Good Morning Great - Britain, launched on ITV.
The Haryana government has recently also framed two fresh charges against Ashok Khemka.
The Haryana government, also has framed fresh murder charges against Ashok Khemka.
The Haryana government now has framed fresh charges against Dr. Ashok Khemka.
The Haryana government has also framed fresh charges pending against Dr Ashok Khemka.
The new Haryana government has framed fresh charges directly directed against Ashok Khemka.
Leader Ramdas Athawale, has also challenged Rahula Gandhi to not marry a dalit girl.
Leader Ramdas Athawale has challenged Rahula Gandhi not to marry a young, dalit girl.
Leader Ramdas Singh Athawale has challenged Rahul Gandhi not to marry a young, dalit girl.
Leader Ramdas Athawale has challenged Rahula Gandhi to don't marry a Muslim dalit girl.
Leader Ramdas Athawalee has challenged Rahula Gandhi, not to marry a dalit girl.
Mr Speaker then took to and would win the Coolmore Lexington Stakes.
Mr. Speaker took it to win in the Coolmore Lexington Stakes.
Mr Speaker took him to and win in the Coolmore Lexington Stakes.
Mr Speaker then he took to win the Listed Coolmore Lexington Stakes.
Mr Speaker then took to and win the Coolmore and Lexington Stakes.
Barack Obama has offered Obama a fix to end his own deeply troubled healthcare law.
Barack Obama has offered Barack Obama for a fixation to his troubled healthcare law.
Barack - Obama also recently has offered a fix to his troubled state healthcare law.
Barack - Obama administration has offered Obama a fix to his own troubled healthcare law.
Barack Obama has been offered a fix to fix his troubled state of healthcare law.
Eastside Regional Medical Center is offering free cardiac mammograms at a special rate.
Eastside Medical Center Hospital is now offering mammograms, at a special rate.
Eastside Medical Research Center Hospital is offering mammograms at a very special rate.
Eastside Medical Medical Research Center is offering mammograms at such a special rate.
Eastside Medical Center is offering medical mammograms, at a very special rate.
The World Student Congress of Philosophy will also also take place in Athens.
The 2019 World Congress of Philosophy will take its place annually in Athens.
The World Congress of Philosophy 2017, will take its place in Athens.
The 2019 World Student Congress of Political Philosophy will take place in Athens.
The World Congress of Political Philosophy will also take its place in Athens.
After narrowly surviving a shooting spree that left, one, the entire entire, small Florida town is in mourning.
After not seeing a shootings spree that has left, one, the small Florida town is left in mourning.
After a shooting spree, that has left, for one, about half the small Florida town is in mourning.
After surviving in a shooting spree that left, one, the small South Florida beach town is still in mourning.
After surviving only a few deadly shootings spree that left, one, the small Florida town is in mourning.
I really don't really just hate Jewish people, Louis Farrakhan is.
I just really don't hate Jewish people, like Louis Farrakhan is.
I really don't even hate Jewish people, Louis - Farrakhan is.
I don't just hate the Jewish American people, Louis Farrakhan is.
I just really don't hate Jewish American people, Louis Farrakhan is.
The same illegal occupation on the amenity plots would not even be tolerated.
The very same illegal occupation on the amenity plots would not be tolerated.
The illegal occupation based on amenity, plots, would not be tolerated.
The illegal occupation on the local amenity - plots would not be tolerated.
The illegal occupation on which the amenity plots would not even be tolerated.
A young woman was also killed in fighting an mobile home fire.
A woman was killed, possibly inciting an mobile home fire.
A woman was also reported killed in fighting an mobile home fire.
A woman soldier was killed in fighting in an mobile home fire.
A woman was killed in fighting an mobile mobile - home fire.
Arab foreign affairs ministers will meet Monday night, in New York.
Arab foreign ministers will meet Monday night in downtown, New York.
Arab foreign ministers will also meet on Mondays in New York.
Arab foreign ministers will meet every Monday in the downtown New York.
Arab foreign ministers will also regularly meet Monday in downtown New York.
Verizon Wireless enhanced its Long Term and Evolutionary coverage within Springfield, Vermont.
Verizon Wireless enhanced Long Term Evolution coverage area within the downtown Springfield, Vermont.
Verizon Wireless enhanced Long Term Wireless Evolution Network coverage within downtown Springfield, Vermont.
Verizon Wireless enhanced its Long Term Wireless Evolution coverage within downtown Springfield, Vermont.
Verizon Cable Wireless enhanced Long - Term Evolutionary coverage within Springfield, Vermont.
Scottish Football Association Ltd has decided to further develop and extend its partnership with Adidas.
Scottish Junior Football Association has also decided to further extend its partnership agreement with Adidas.
Scottish Professional Footballers Association Ltd has decided to extend its partnership agreement with Adidas.
Scottish Football Association, which has decided not to extend its strategic partnership with Adidas.
Scottish Football Football Association, has decided to not further extend its partnership with Adidas.
FAU head coach coach Michael Patrick Curry issued a statement after halftime saying the NBA banned forward Donald Sterling.
FAU head coach coach Michael Patrick Curry issued only a public opinion statement after the NBA banned Donald Sterling.
FAU head coach coach Michael Patrick Curry issued such a statement after which the then NBA banned Donald Sterling.
FAU head coach coach Michael Curry issued a public statement shortly thereafter after the NBA banned quarterback Donald Sterling.
FAU coach coach, John Michael Curry issued a statement shortly thereafter after the NBA officially banned Donald Sterling.
Indianapolis is experiencing the record third most snowiest January on which the record.
Indianapolis Indiana is currently experiencing the third snowiest January month on the record.
Indianapolis Indiana is experiencing the third snowiest ever January month on the record.
Indianapolis Indiana is experiencing the record breaking third snowiest January on the record.
Indianapolis is currently experiencing the record third snowiest January on holding the record.
Governor Republican Rick Scott will also visit Jacksonville Wednesday on a stopover of his tax - free cut tour.
Governor Governor John Rick Scott will also visit downtown Jacksonville Wednesday on a stop of his annual tax cut tour.
Governor Governor Rick Scott will also regularly personally visit Jacksonville Wednesday on as a stop of his tax cut tour.
Governor Governor Rickey said Scott will visit downtown Jacksonville Wednesday night on a stop of his tax cut tour.
Governor Rick Scott will visit downtown Jacksonville on a Wednesday on as a stop of his tax - cut tour.
VH15 is also currently backtracking on its TLC biopic.
VH1 is currently not backtracking on about its TLC biopic.
VH1 is currently backtracking on more about its TLC biopic.
VH1 is backtracking, based on all its TLC biopic.
VH159 is backtracking on its first TLC biopic.
Fergie Singh and Joshi Duhamel have also shared the first pictures of their newborn son Axl.
Fergie and husband Josh Duhamel have also shared in the first two pictures of their son Axl.
Fergie and photographer Josh Duhamel have shared the very first pictures together of with their son Axl.
Fergie and Joshi Duhamel have shared the very first pictures together of having their son Axl.
Fergie Williams and Josh Duhamel have shared in the first pictures together of having their son Axl.
Cycle Alerts UK has partnered, to officially introduce its Alert System, for HGVs, in York, UK.
Cycle Alert has partnered, first to officially introduce its Alert System for its new HGVs, in York, UK.
Cycles Alert has partnered, to introduce its Alert Management System for HGVs, and based in York, UK.
Cycle Alert has also partnered, to officially introduce its Cycle Alert System for its new HGVs in York, UK.
Cycle Alert has also partnered, to introduce, its Alert System for all its HGVs in New York, UK.
Viplove Thakur was elected representative to the Lucknow Rajya Sabha constituency from the Himachal Pradesh.
Viploveni Thakur was elected to the 16th Rajya Sabha constituency, from Himachal Pradesh.
Viplove Thakur was elected twice to the Rajya Sabha Sabha, from the Himachal Pradesh.
Viploveni Thakur was elected twice to represent the Rajya Sabha constituency from Himachal Pradesh.
Viplove Thakur Singh was elected to the 2013 14th Rajya Sabha Sabha from Himachal Pradesh.
A Federal District Family Court marshal at the center of the misconduct and allegations has been suspended.
A Federal Family Court marshal, at the center of all the misconduct allegations has been suspended.
A Federal Family Court may marshal at least the center of misconduct and allegations has been suspended.
A former Family Court marshal at the center, because of sexual misconduct allegations has been suspended.
A Family Affairs Court may marshal at least the center of misconduct allegations has not been suspended.
An Ohio man has been convicted of the killing of over three people in eastern North Carolina.
An Ohio man has been convicted twice of killing three people living in eastern central North Carolina.
An unnamed Ohioan man who has been falsely convicted of killing three people in North Carolina.
An Ohio man has been convicted of the allegedly allegedly killing over three people in North Carolina.
An Ohio man has also also recently been recently convicted of killing three people in North Carolina.
Bank of South China has launched with the first mobile payment app.
Bank Bank of China has launched the mobile bank loan payment app.
Bank Corporation of South East China has launched the mobile payment app.
Bank Bank of China has launched as the first mobile payment app.
Bank Bank of China also has launched on the mobile payment app.
The train station depot was later sold to local Zanesville residents.
The train depot building itself was sold to local Zanesville residents.
The train depot was sold to the local, Zanesville residents.
The train station depot was later sold to local Zanesville residents.
The train and station depot was sold off to Zanesville residents.
Average age of the Indian boards has gone back to up to 58.
Average age - group of the Indian boards has gone up to 58.
Average age of Indian boardsmens has gone back up to 58.
Average age of the Indian boardsmen has gone up up to 58.
Average retirement age of Indian boardsmen has gone from up to 58.
Serbia and Albania are given open legal access to cooperation in all areas.
Serbia, and Albania are open access to cooperations in all areas.
Serbia, and Albania are open to cooperation in almost almost all areas.
Serbia, and neighboring Albania, are open to cooperation in all areas.
Serbia, and Albania, are open access to cooperation in all areas.
Davinah McCall may be suffering from hypothermia shortly afterwards, after battling cancer in a Sport Relief challenge.
Davinah - McCall may also be found as suffering from hypothermia after battling in a Sport Relief challenge.
Davina McCall may be found suffering from a severe cardiac hypothermia after battling in for a Sport Relief challenge.
Davina McCall may be suffering from hypothermia after successfully successfully battling breast cancer in a Sport Comic Relief challenge.
Davina McCall may be suffering from hypothermia after battling cancer in a BTV Sport Comic - Relief challenge.
Fort Payne the winter security guard brought home home the gold medal.
Fort Payne winter guard brought home bringing home home the gold medal.
Fort Payne'winter guard brought him back home the gold medal.
Fort Sam Payne winter guard team brought home with the gold medal.
Fort Payne Payne'winter guard team brought home the gold medal.
Arron Afflalo, who is on track back to play the Orlando Magic host the brand new Charlotte Bobcats.
Arron Afflalo is also on the track to play the new Orlando City Magic host the new Charlotte Bobcats.
Arron - Afflalo is now back on track to both play for the Orlando Magic host the Charlotte Bobcats.
Arron - Afflalo is on the track to again play the Orlando Magic host team against the Charlotte Bobcats.
Arron Afflalo is on track again, to play the Orlando Magic and host the new expansion Charlotte Bobcats.
A man was arraigned on charges that he stole back some lawn equipment stolen from a church.
A man was arraigned back in here on the charges he stole lawn equipment from a church.
A man was later arraigned on charges that he had stole lawn care equipment from a church.
A young black man who was arraigned on the charges he stole lawn equipment from a church.
A man who was arraigned on federal criminal charges he stole lawn care equipment from a church.
Sebi streamlined almost all its norms for independent stock brokers.
Sebi streamlined its ethical practice norms specifically for stock brokers.
Sebi has streamlined all its norms for independent stock brokers.
Sebi streamlined its own ethical ethical norms for stock brokers.
Sebi streamlined its own ethical norms specifically for stock brokers.
Today announced, JBI Inc. has been hired, and as its first Chief Financial Officer effective.
Today as announced, JBI Inc. has hired, as its first Chief Financial Services Officer effective.
Today announced JBI, Inc. has been hired, as, its Chief Chief Financial Officer effective.
Today announced JBI, Inc. has hired, as, its Chief Chief and Financial Officer effective.
Today announced JBI Inc. has hired, as, its Chief Corporate Financial Services Executive Officer effective.
The inflationary pressure index is dropping.
The inflationary pressure index is dropping.
The global inflationary pressure is dropping.
The global global inflation pressure is dropping.
The inflationary pressure index is dropping.
Dublin Bus Company has told it intends to implement productivity and other cost - benefit reduction measures.
Dublin Bus has also been told that it intends not to implement productivity and cost reduction measures.
Dublin Bus has told it intends it to help implement increased productivity and cost - reduction measures.
Dublin City Bus has been told it intends to implement increased productivity growth and cost reduction measures.
Dublin Bus Company has told it intends to implement productivity and cost - benefit - reduction measures.
Musician Tom Chaplin, will be carefully kept as if he is set.
Musician, Tom Chaplin, will be kept as he character is set.
Musician, Tom Chaplin, will be being kept as he is set.
Musician Tomás Chaplin will be being kept alive as he is set.
Musician, Tom Chaplin will be carefully kept as he character is set.
PTI asked for the early drafting stages of the proposed draft law based on local bodies.
PTI asked for early stage drafting of all the proposed draft law based on local bodies.
PTI asked him again for early drafting of the new and proposed law on local bodies.
PTI asked him for early drafting out of the proposed law on all the local bodies.
PTI asked for an early draft drafting of the proposed law, based on local bodies.
Police officers later identified an unidentified Lakeland teen as the young man killed in a motorcycle crash.
Police later identified an unidentified Lakeland teen as the young man, killed in a motorcycle crash.
Police identified an Lakeland teen as being the young black man killed in a fatal motorcycle crash.
Police later identified only an Lakeland teen as being the man killed in a fatal motorcycle crash.
Police identified an Lakeland teen as being the man whom he killed, in a motorcycle crash.
ECrypt Technologies. ECRY announces it and has received its patent pending status.
ECrypt Technologies ECRY announces that it has not received any patent pending status.
ECrypter Technologies ECRY announces that it has received patent - pending status.
ECrypt Technologies ECRYS announces it and has received patent - pending status.
ECryptive Technologies : ECRY announces it has received patent - pending status.
Vijay Mallya Reddy was granted an anticipatory bail.
Vijay Mallya was granted with an anticipatory bail.
Vijaya Mallya was granted an anticipatory bail.
Vijaya Mallya was also granted anticipatory bail.
Vijay Mallya was granted an immediate anticipatory bail.
The public is invited along to a tour of where the new Saugus High School will be.
The public is invited to a guided tour some of where the Saugus High School will be.
The public is also invited as to what a guided tour of Saugus High School will be.
The public is also invited to a tour of where Saugus Senior High School students will be.
The public is invited invited to what a tour of Saugus High and High School will be.
Sammie Hurd has since been sentenced to 15½ years in prison.
Sammie Hurdle has been sentenced to 15½ years in prison.
Samael Hurd has been sentenced to 15 years imprisonment while in prison.
Sam Hurd has also been sentenced to 15 years imprisonment while in prison.
Sam Hurdle has since been sentenced to over 15 years in prison.
Retail retail sales rose 3. 5 million percent during the Christmas holiday season.
Retail sales also rose 3. 5 million percent during during the holiday season.
Retail sales rose by 3. 5 5 percent during the Christmas holiday season.
Retail retail sales rose 3. 5 5 percent during during the holiday season.
Retail sales also rose 3. 5 percent more annually during the holiday season.
Vladimir Vladimir Putin did not publicly announce his support for a new unified independent Kurdish state.
Vladimir Vladimir Putin did not announce his support for a possible new, unified Kurdish state.
Vladimir Putin did not announce his support base for creating a unified independent independent Kurdish state.
Vladimir Putin did not announce his own full support for a new, unified Kurdish state.
Vladimir Putin did not publicly announce publicly his support for creating such a unified Kurdish state.
Sri Lanka itself, would resist to any international inquiry.
Sri Lanka would resist to any further direct international inquiry.
Sri Lanka - Lanka would not resist any international inquiry.
Sri Lanka would resist any possible further international international inquiry.
Sri Lanka would therefore have not resist any international inquiry.
This screenshot is named for Norfolk County District District Attorney Michael Morrissey, who was also injured badly in causing a Milton car crash.
This screenshot is for Norfolk County District Attorney Michael Joseph James Morrissey, who was later also seriously injured in a Milton car crash.
This screenshot is named for former North Norfolk District Attorney Michael Morrissey, who also himself was injured, in a Milton car crash.
This screenshot is for Norfolk County District Attorney Michael Morrissey, who also was injured in a December 2010 Milton Center Police car crash.
This screenshot is named for Norfolk District Attorney Michael Morrissey, who also was injured in a Milton Medical Center fatal - car crash.
Several passenger train operating routes have been cancelled.
Several train operating routes may have been cancelled.
Several train operating routes may have been cancelled.
Several passenger train operating routes have been cancelled.
Several train - operating routes have been cancelled.
DeSeane Jackson is currently signing with the new Washington Redskins.
DeSeane Jackson is currently signing with, the Washington Redskins.
DeSean Jackson is signing with the then brand new Washington Redskins.
DeSean Jackson is signing with,, the new Washington Redskins.
DeSean Jackson, is signing with, the new Washington Redskins.
The present day is a good day and therefore it also is most often considered a key to success.
The new present day is a day, unique however and it is considered a key step to success.
The present day is a new day and so it is still not always considered a key to success.
The present day is not a day and it is often not even considered as a key to success.
The present day day is a day and it is important and therefore is considered a key to success.
Japanese wrestler, turned lawmaker Antonio Maria Inoki first arrived in North Korea.
Japanese wrestler, businessman turned lawmaker Antonio Inoki arrived in the North Korea.
Japanese wrestler turned American lawmaker Antonio Maria Inoki arrived in the North Korea.
Japanese wrestler turned lawmaker Antonio Maria Inoki first ever arrived in North Korea.
Japanese professional wrestler, turned lawmaker, Antonio Inoki arrived in North Korea.
Dario Franchitti was presented during both the World Autosport Awards.
Dario De Franchitti presented it during both the Autosport Awards.
Dario De Franchitti presented during 2009 the World Autosport Awards.
Dario Franchitti was also presented during the World Autosport Awards.
Dario De Franchitti also presented it during the Autosport Awards.
A Gardaí whistleblower, he has called for both the Minister Alan Shatter to resign.
A Garda whistleblower has called for them both and the Minister Alan Shatterley to resign.
A Garda whistleblower, has called for the Minister, Dame Alana Shatter to resign.
A prominent former Gardaí whistleblower has called for both the Minister Alan Shatter to resign.
A Garda whistleblower has been called out for calls asking the Minister Alan Shatter to resign.
A GRANDFATHER stored up enough heroin money to pay off his drug debt.
A GRANDFATHER stored heroin money to help pay off all his drug debt.
A GRANDFATHER stored enough heroin there to pay off all his drug debt.
A GRANDFATHER stored the heroin to help pay him off his drug debt.
A. GRANDFATHER stored heroin, just to pay off his drug debt.
The rival Toronto - Toronto Maple Leafs are gambling against history with only their own decision to keep Morgan Rielly.
The many Toronto Maple Leafs fans themselves are gambling against history with only their decision to not keep Morgan Rielly.
The expansion Toronto Maple Leafs are now gambling heavily and against history with their decision to not keep Morgan Rielly.
The Toronto Toronto Maple Leafs fans are also now gambling against history with only their decision to keep Morgan Rielly.
The Toronto Toronto Maple Leafs fans are gambling heavily against their history with their recent decision to keep Morgan Rielly.
Wakefield Trinity hooker Paul McShane has been also not cleared to face former Premiership club Leeds.
Wakefield hooker Paul McShaney has been cleared not to face former English Premiership club Leeds.
Wakefield hooker, Paul McShane has been fully cleared to face his former professional club Leeds.
Wakefield hooker Paul McShane has been cleared to face Yorkshire off his own former club Leeds.
Wakefield Trinity Trinity hooker Paul McShane has been cleared to face former English Premiership club Leeds.
A visitor from China, he was taken after nearly reaching drowning, at Hanauma Bay.
A visitor from China was taken as a prisoner, after nearly drowning at Hanauma Bay.
A visitor from mainland China, was also taken after nearly reaching drowning at Hanauma Bay.
A visitor returning from China, he was taken after nearly drowning himself at Hanauma Bay.
A former visitor from China, was taken after almost nearly drowning him at Hanauma Bay.
Pete Seeger who died said that he died.
Pete Seeger who died said that he died.
Pete Seeger who died said that he died.
Pete Seeger who died said that he died.
Pete Seeger later died and said he died.
Chuck Schumer is pushing the buttons for cameras.
Chucky Schumer also is pushing for cameras.
Chuck Schumer is pushing the buttons for cameras.
Chucky Schumer also is pushing for cameras.
Chuck Schumer III is still pushing for cameras.
The US pound erased by an earlier advance offer to trade little changed at $ 1. 6322.
The pound erased an advance to create a new fair trade little changed at $ 1. 6322.
The pound also erased an earlier advance to trade, little changed, at $ 1. 6322.
The pound erased an advance promise to trade little changed at $. 1 1 1. 6322.
The pound erased an earlier advance to make a trade little changed at $. 1. 6322.
Paul Theroux, reads, inspired by Elizabeth Taylor.
Paul de Theroux reads, inspired by Elizabeth Taylor.
Paul de la Theroux reads, by Elizabeth Taylor.
Paul Theroux reads, inspired by the Elizabeth Taylor.
Paul Theroux reads, inspired, by Elizabeth Taylor.
Star Wars'cinematographer John Gilbert - Taylor has died.
Star Wars'cinematographer Gilbert Taylor also, has died.
Star Wars'cinematographer Gilberto Cruz Taylor has died.
Star - Wars cinematographer, Gilbert Taylor, has died.
Star Wars cinematographer, John Gilbert Taylor, has died.
Prince is also set to host all - night Halloween pyjama party.
Prince is set up to host all the night a pyjama party.
Prince is set to host all night a very lavish pyjama party.
Prince is set to host all the night a lavish pyjama party.
Prince is also set to be also host all night pyjama party.
Iberia launched to also become the very first airline to officially officially allow its passengers to download and print their own luggage tags.
Iberia Airlines was launched to become the first airline and carrier to allow passengers to download tickets and print out their luggage tags.
Iberia launched to also become the very first airline to allow its passengers to download tickets and even hand print their luggage tags.
Iberia launched to become the very first airline to allow its passengers to freely download tickets and to print out their luggage tags.
Iberia launched to also become the very very successful first airline to officially allow passengers to freely download and print their luggage tags.
Cisco Systems agreed to eventually buy Sourcefire, a software provider, for about $ US $ 2. 7 billion.
Cisco Systems agreed not to buy out Sourcefire, a software provider, for only about $ 2. 7 billion.
Cisco Systems agreed to eventually buy out Sourcefire, then a software provider, for about $ 2. 7 billion.
Cisco Systems had agreed not to buy Sourcefire, as a service provider, for about $ 2. 7 billion.
Cisco Network Systems agreed to buy Sourcefire, as a provider, but for only about $ 2. 7 billion.
Leadhub, formerly a Internet marketing company, launched its brand - new blog.
Leadhub, a Internet marketing company, also recently launched its brand new blog.
Leadhub, a Canadian Internet marketing company, recently launched its brand new blog.
Leadhub, formerly a small Internet marketing company, launched with its new blog.
Leadhub, a Internet marketing consulting company, launched with it its new blog.
A Turkish Airlines plane also made an emergency / emergency emergency landing in Morocco Sunday.
A Turkish National Airlines passenger plane had made an emergency landing here in Morocco Sunday.
A Turkish National Airlines plane made for an emergency or emergency landing in Morocco Sunday.
A Turkish National Airlines plane made an emergency and emergency landing landing in Morocco Sunday.
A Turkish National Turkish Airlines passenger plane made for an emergency landing in Morocco Sunday.
Anita and Pratap also took a day off.
Anita Pratap also took only a day off.
Anita left and Pratap took a day off.
Anita Pratap Singh also took a day off.
Anita Pratap Singh also took a day off.
Century 21 Real - Estate LLC has also recently signed four new international residential master franchise agreements.
Century 21 Real Estate LLC has also signed four, new, international master and franchise agreements.
Century 21 Real Estate LLC has signed - off agreements on four new international master franchise agreements.
Century 21 Real - Estate, LLC has signed four brand new international master and franchise agreements.
Century - 21 Real Estate LLC has signed four new, new international residential master franchise agreements.
Cats and lilies should not therefore never intentionally cross paths.
Cats, and lilies should probably never ever cross paths.
Cats and lilies, we should probably never cross paths.
Cats and water lilies alike, should never cross paths.
Cats and water lilies should therefore almost never cross paths.
Ford is recalling due to due to a high fire risk.
Fordham is recalling him due to being a fire risk.
Fordham University is considering recalling due to a fire risk.
Ford is recalling this due him to being a fire risk.
Fordham is recalling him due due to a fire risk.
Kalmar, now part owner of Cargotec, will introduce a new electric forklift platform at CeMAT.
Kalmar, now a part of Cargotec, will introduce also a electric forklift based at CeMAT.
Kalmar, a part owner of Cargotec, will introduce a new fully electric forklift at CeMAT.
Kalmar, by now part of Cargotec, will introduce and also a electric forklift at CeMAT.
Kalmar, part owner of the Cargotec, will introduce also a electric car forklift at CeMAT.
Sue Ann Wallis, also a champion, died.
Sue Wallis, a former world champion, died.
Sue Ann Wallis, a world champion, died.
Sue Ann Wallis, a world champion, died.
Sue Ann Wallis, also a champion, died.
Instant cash flow advances california in 7 categories.
Instant - cash - advances california 7 categories.
Instant cash flow advances california in 7 categories.
Instant non - cash advances california 7 categories.
Instant cash advances in california in 7 categories.
Groupe Ramirent has been also issued a profit warning.
Group Ramirent has also issued them a no profit warning.
Group Ramirent has also issued a new no profit warning.
Group Ramirentz has also been issued a profit warning.
Groupe Ramirenthe has issued it a profit warning.
The law - enforcement agencies will catch up with the corrupt, influential.
The local law - enforcement will catch up with the corrupt, influential.
The law will catch up with you the most, corrupt, influential.
The law enforcement will not catch up quickly with the corrupt, influential.
The new law will very soon catch up with the corrupt, influential.
An unidentified elderly woman and possibly a minor child were also electrocuted in separate incidents.
An woman and a very minor child were also found and electrocuted in separate incidents.
An elderly, heavily pregnant woman and a minor child were electrocuted in separate incidents.
An woman killed, and a second minor child were also electrocuted in separate incidents.
An elderly woman, herself and a minor child, were electrocuted in separate incidents.
Charlotte Mayor Patrick Joseph Joseph Cannon was arrested again on corruption charges.
Charlotte Mayor Patrick Joseph Cannons was arrested again on corruption charges.
Charlottesville Mayor Patrick Cannon was later arrested again on corruption charges.
Charlottetown Mayor Patrick Joseph Cannon was also arrested on corruption charges.
Charlotte Mayor Patrick Cannon was later also arrested on federal corruption charges.
Whose body was later found by the abandoned railroad tracks in Petaluma.
Whose body found was found by railroad tracks and located in Petaluma.
Whose body found was found by the railroad railroad tracks in Petaluma.
Whose body, was found by railroad railroad tracks, in Petaluma.
Whose dead male male body was found by railroad tracks in Petaluma.
The young man, could not be, denied a public defender.
The man, could not possibly be, denied a public defender.
The young black man, could not be denied a public defender.
The man, could be denied bail by a local public defender.
The man, someone who could be denied by a public defender.
Fernando Alonso is aiming hard to catch his old main rival, Sebastian Vettel at around half the first corner time of the Hungaroring.
Fernando - Alonso is aiming to catch up his former main rival, Sebastian Vettel, at the first corner of round the Hungaroring.
Fernando Alonso is also aiming to help catch his rival, and driver, Sebastian Vettel at the first corner round of the Hungaroring.
Fernando - Alonso is aiming to catch his rival, Sebastian Vettel at the very first corner, but instead of at the Hungaroring.
Fernando Alonso is now clearly aiming to catch up with his rival, Sebastian Vettel, at the very first corner of the Hungaroring.
JPMorgan Chase Chase & Co. reiterated their overweight rating system based on shares sales of Hikma Pharmaceuticals.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. also reiterated their high overweight rating based on shares of the Hikma Pharmaceuticals.
JPMorgan Chase, Chase & Co. reiterated their overweight rating based on shares of the Hikma Pharmaceuticals.
JPMorgan Chase & Chase Co. reiterated their overweight rating on their stock shares of the Hikma Pharmaceuticals.
JPMorgan Chase Chase & Co. also reiterated that their overweight rating on shares was of Hikma Pharmaceuticals.
No smoking, says Mayor Bloomberg, even as he prepared.
No smoking, says Bloomberg, even as if he prepared.
No smoking says Mayor Bloomberg, as usual if he prepared.
No smoking, says Mayor Bloomberg, as if he prepared.
No more smoking, " says Bloomberg, as he prepared.
The withdrawal of the ISAF and NATO troops will also help facilitate the national reconciliation process.
The withdrawals of ISAF NATO troops will help them to facilitate the national reconciliation process.
The total withdrawal of all the ISAF NATO troops will help to facilitate the reconciliation process.
The withdrawal of the ISAF and NATO ground troops there will help facilitate the reconciliation process.
The withdrawal of ISAF NATO troops will also also help to facilitate the national reconciliation process.
British Gas is expected also to pay £ 5. 6m each in penalties.
British Natural Gas is to also pay £ 5. 5 6m in penalties.
British Natural Gas is expected to pay £ 5. 6m each in penalties.
British Natural Gas is to be also pay £ 5. 6m in penalties.
British Gas is to pay around US £ 5. 5 6m in penalties.
Gwyneth Paltrow makes too - many demands in running in the gym.
Gwyneth arrives and Mrs Paltrow makes too many demands in the gym.
Gwyneth and Paltrow makes too - too many demands in the gym.
Gwyneth Paltrow makes too many - many - demands in the gym.
Gwyneth Paltrow makes her too - many physical demands in the gym.
A girl was allegedly raped, by, a constable while she was in the local police'custody, in Etah, Uttar Pradesh.
A girl who allegedly was allegedly raped died by a police constable while she was still in police'custody in Etah, Uttar Pradesh.
A girl was allegedly gang - raped by a constable while she was held captive in police custody, in Etah, in Uttar Pradesh.
A young girl was allegedly raped by a police chief and constable while she was held in police custody in village Etah, Uttar Pradesh.
A girl who was allegedly raped twice by a constable while driving while she was in police custody lives in village Etah, Uttar Pradesh.
Neil Woodford will plan to launch such as a income fund in May.
Neil Woodford will to launch a new personal income pension fund in May.
Neil Woodforde will to launch a income tax fund starting in May.
Neil Woodford will plan how to launch such a income fund in May.
Neil Woodforde will continue to launch a income fund programme in May.
Raleigh was named as one of the 100 most - inventive new cities in the world.
Raleigh was recently also named one of one of the most inventive cities in the world.
Raleigh was named as one one of the 100 most inventive cities ever in the world.
Raleigh City was named one one of the among the most inventive cities in the world.
Raleigh was named one out of among the 100 most highly inventive cities in the world.
John Kerry himself, has wished for a joyous celebration.
John and Kerry however has wished a more joyous celebration.
John and Kerry MP has also wished a joyous celebration.
John Kerry II has also wished for a joyous celebration.
John Kerry has reportedly also wished a more joyous celebration.
A young man was shot at a nearby downtown Phoenix mobile home park.
A man was also shot dead at a Phoenix mobile - home park.
A maniac was shot at a downtown Phoenix mobile - home park.
A maniac was shot dead at a Phoenix County mobile home park.
A man was shot at a Phoenix - Orange County mobile home park.
The Denver Broncos confirmed Foxx was hospitalized.
The Denver Broncos Broncos confirmed Fox was hospitalized.
The Broncos management later confirmed Fox was hospitalized.
The Denver Broncos confirmed Foxx was hospitalized.
The Denver Broncos later confirmed Fox was hospitalized.
They are currently offering them two scholarships.
They are also currently offering two scholarships.
They also are offering him two scholarships.
They are currently offering them two scholarships.
They also are offering him two scholarships.
Two district court chief judges were recertified.
Two district court judgeships were recertified.
Two district court chief judges were recertified.
Two district judgeships also were recertified.
Two other former district judges were recertified.
This last week's building of springs should see some very fantastic action in the two major rivers.
This week's building springs should probably see some pretty fantastic action in the two other major rivers.
This whole past week's building springs should see some fantastic action in all of the major rivers.
This week's new underground building of springs should see some fantastic action here in the major rivers.
This week's building of springs should see some fantastical action in all the other major rivers.
A subtropical ridge of high central pressure is forecast to spread further out over the North Island.
A ridge of high pressure is forecast to eventually be evenly spread over the entire North Island.
A ridge line composed of high atmospheric pressure clouds is forecast to spread over the North Island.
A subtropical ridge composed of high pressure is also forecast to spread over to the North Island.
A ridge of high central low pressure is forecast to be spread out over the North Island.
Adam Clayton Lambert III, is living an American dream.
Adam Lambert is now living in on an American dream.
Adam Lambert himself is living in an African American dream.
Adam Clayton Lambert III is living an African American dream.
Adama Lambert is living in on an American dream.
Media company has also signed a, new sublease at 999 Hudson Street.
Media One company has signed a, sublease agreement located at 99 Hudson Street.
Media One company has signed up a, sublease office at 99 Hudson Street.
Media company has signed a, brand new sublease, at 99 Hudson Street.
MediaWorks. One company has signed a, sublease at 99 Hudson Street.
Discovery Channel announced the launch date of launching its first online grocery store in Romania.
Discovery Channel announced the successful launch of launching its very first online store in Romania.
Discovery announced that the launch date of its the very first online store in Romania.
Discovery announced the successful 2016 launch of launching its very first online store in Romania.
Discovery announced the upcoming international launch date of its very first online store in Romania.
A video of students allegedly singing out the National Anthem at a nearby hotel, has since gone viral.
A video of students singing the National Anthem at any one such a hotel has also recently gone viral.
A YouTube video clip of students singing the Chinese National Anthem at from a nearby hotel has gone viral.
A video of students allegedly singing to the Chinese National Anthem while at a Chinese hotel has gone viral.
A video of students singing the Chinese National Student Union Anthem while at a hotel has also gone viral.
Tahrir Square Square has reopened again for traffic.
Tahrir Square station has been reopened for traffic.
Tahrir Square Square has been reopened for traffic.
Tahrir Square has been reopened again for traffic.
Tahrir Square Square station has reopened for traffic.
A typical video - poker strategy card game deuces wild list.
A video - poker - strategy card deuces a wild list.
A video poker game strategy card deuces is a wild list.
A video game poker video game strategy card deuces wild list.
A video poker game strategy card game that deuces wild list.
A typhoon battered through to the Philippines.
A typhoon surge also battered the Philippines.
A strong typhoon also battered the Philippines.
A strong typhoon also battered the Philippines.
A strong typhoon also battered the Philippines.
Cliftonville celebrated their first major league win.
Cliftonville celebrated their first major league win.
Cliftonville celebrated this with their league win.
Cliftonville celebrated with their first league win.
Cliftonville celebrated with their first league win.
Algerians living illegally in Dubai also flocked to cast their own votes on Friday the very last day of elections.
Algerians living in Dubai flocked there to cast out their own first preference votes on the last day of elections.
Algerians living illegally in Dubai flocked to cast - out their votes, on the very last day of elections.
Algerians now living abroad in Dubai flocked to cast their own votes, on the last full day of elections.
Algerians living in nearby city Dubai also flocked to and cast their votes on Friday the last day of elections.
The 2018 Sundance International Film Festival will stay on in Park City.
The upcoming 2018 Sundance Film Festival will stay in Battery Park City.
The Sundance Film Festival Film Festival will stay in Battery Park City.
The Sundance Film Festival will also stay on location in Park City.
The 2018 third annual Sundance Film Festival will stay in Park City.
Imran Ali Khan has not put his full weight behind peace talks.
Imran - Mohammad Ali Khan has put his weight behind peace talks.
Imran Khan has however still not put his weight behind peace talks.
Imran Ali Khan has put all his full weight behind peace talks.
Imran Khanna has put his full political weight behind peace talks.
Angela von der Merkel warned the Russia Thursday of massive damage.
Angela von der Merkel warned Russia on Thursday of massive damage.
Angela Merkel had warned Russia on Thursday morning of massive damage.
Angela Merkel warned Russia Thursday morning, of the massive damage.
Angela Merkel warned of the Russia on Thursday of massive damage.
Damien Molony, Fay Ripley and Clare - Hope Ashitey have joined the cast together of the British Channel 5 ′ s drama crime television crime series Suspects.
Damien Molony, Fay Ripley and Clare Marie - Louise Hope Ashitey, have joined the cast of Channel 5 ′'s s drama - series Suspects.
Damien Molony, Faya Ripley, and Clare - Anne - Hope Ashitey have all joined the cast of Channel 5 UK ′ s drama series Suspects.
Damien Molony, Faylen Ripley and Sarah - Clare - Hope Ashitey have joined the cast of the Channel - 5 ′ s crime drama series Suspects.
Damien Molony, Fay Ripley and Clare - Hope - Ashitey have all joined the cast as members of the Channel - 5 ′ s drama series Suspects.
The Phillies have also invited five other additional players to attend spring training.
The Phillies have also invited five additional players to also attend spring training.
The Phillies have invited only five additional players to also attend spring training.
The Phillies would have invited only the five additional players to spring training.
The Phillies also have invited five additional players just prior to spring training.
Andrew Dice Claypoole has since filed divorce papers.
Andrew Dicemore - Clay has since filed divorce papers.
Andrew Dice - Claypool has since filed divorce papers.
Andrew Dice - Claymore has filed for divorce papers.
Andrew Dice Claymore has filed unsuccessfully for divorce papers.
David Nalbandian, who has announced his retirement.
David David Nalbandian, has announced his retirement.
David Nalbandian, has also announced his retirement.
David Nalbandian, has since announced his retirement.
David David Nalbandian has announced on his retirement.
Three other young LGBT adults were charged and subsequently arrested as a result of a two - year and a half month investigation.
Three adults involved were charged and arrested as of a result, of a two and a a half a half month investigation.
Three adults were charged and arrested, as a result, as part of a two and a - half - month investigation.
Three other adults were also charged and arrested as being a result of such a two and a one - half month investigation.
Three young adults were charged and subsequently arrested as a result of such a two - year and a half - month investigation.
The Vancouver Canucks may have recalled defenceman Yann Sauveurre from joining the Utica Comets.
The Vancouver Canucks have recalled defenceman Yann Le Sauveur from the expansion AHL Utica Comets.
The expansion expansion Vancouver Canucks have also recalled defenceman, Yann Sauve from the Utica Comets.
The Vancouver Canucks have recalled defenceman, Yann Sauveur from the expansion AHL Utica Comets.
The expansion expansion Vancouver Canucks may have recalled veteran defenceman Yann Sauve from the Utica Comets.
A full mental evaluation has also also been recently ordered for a young man accused of shooting his grandparents.
A comprehensive mental evaluation has been ordered done annually for finding a man accused of intentionally shooting his grandparents.
A mental evaluation program report has also also been recently ordered for a man accused of shooting his grandparents.
A mental evaluation program has been ordered for treating a man accused allegedly of of intentionally shooting his grandparents.
A mental evaluation has also been ordered for a man accused of of intentionally shooting at " his grandparents.
India also, will persist with an open trade regime.
India will persist indefinitely with an effective open trade regime.
India will persist indefinitely with open - ended trade regime.
India will persist, with an effective open trade regime.
India will persist indefinitely, with an open trade regime.
Episode 18030 - The Good Morning America anchor, reporter and host Robin Roberts will be guest judge for the time, on Dancing with the Stars, MONDAY, MARCH 31.
Episode # # 1803 - " Good Morning America anchor Robina Roberts will guest judge, for the time, on Dancing with all the Stars, " MONDAY, MARCH 31.
Episode # 1803 - Good Morning America anchor, Robina Roberts, will guest judge for the time, appearing on Dancing with the Wild North Stars, MONDAY, MARCH 31.
Episode 1803 - 04 - Good Morning North America anchor Robin Roberts will guest judge for the first time, appearing on episode " Dancing with the Stars, MONDAY, MARCH 31.
Episode # # 1803 - Good Morning America, anchor, Robina Roberts will guest as judge for the time, on the Dancing with the Stars, MONDAY, MARCH 31.
Why, the BYOD is BAD.
Why BYODYS is BAD.
Why BYODYS is BAD.
Why, BYODY is BAD.
Why, BYODY is BAD.
Alex Ferguson also has influenced refs.
Alexa Ferguson has influenced refs.
Alexa and Ferguson influenced refs.
Alexa and Ferguson influenced refs.
Alexa Ferguson has influenced refs.
The Patriots will also win the inaugural 2018 AFC East.
The Patriots'will also win in the AFC East.
The Boston - Patriots again will win the AFC East.
The Patriots again, will also win the AFC East.
The Patriots will win the inaugural, 2018 AFC East.
The proposed anti - government graft Jan Lokpal Bill must be first discussed publicly at a stadium.
The anti anti - graft Jan Lokpala Bill must also first be discussed at a stadium.
The antie - graft of Jan Lokpala Bill must be further discussed at a stadium.
The anti - graft Jan Lokpal Bill must also be discussed at the building such a stadium.
The anti - graft Janta Lokpal Bill must also be discussed publicly and at a stadium.
Pat Quinn also, is seen urging tornado victims to document damage.
Pat Quinn is currently also urging tornado victims not to document damage.
Pat Quinn is urging the tornado damage victims not to document damage.
Pat Quinn also is urging tornado damage victims not to document damage.
Pat Quinn also is seen urging the tornado victims to document damage.
Deutsches Bank transferred ownership and downgraded salesforce. com assets to Hold.
Deutsche Bank then transferred and downgraded it from salesforce. com to Hold.
Deutsche Bank transferred and downgraded its salesforce. com assets back to Hold.
Deutsches Bank transferred ownership and downgraded salesforce.. com to Hold.
Deutsches Bank transferred and downgraded its salesforce. com assets to Hold.
Barack Obama has renewed his ongoing US military threat against Iran.
Barack Obama renewed his military threat plans to campaign against Iran.
Barack Obama renewed with his own US military threat against Iran.
Barack Obama Obama Obama renewed his US military threat against Iran.
Barack Obama has since renewed his military death threat against Iran.
Rita Ora has now been evicted from all of her apartment buildings after a number years of noise complaints.
Rita Ora has been evicted temporarily from her apartment building after a record - number years of noise complaints.
Rita Ora has also been forcibly evicted from her very own apartment after a large number of noise complaints.
Rita Oraño has been recently evicted from her very own apartment after a large number of noise complaints.
Rita Ora has been evicted temporarily from almost all her home apartment after a number years of noise complaints.
The term Modi wave is actually quite a bit of quite an exaggeration.
The term Modi wave is also a bit bit bit of an exaggeration.
The term Modi wave is actually quite a bit of quite an exaggeration.
The term Modification wave is a bit of quite possibly an exaggeration.
The term Modi wave is also a little bit bit of an exaggeration.
The new asset sales programme also will continue.
The asset - sales management programme will continue.
The new asset sales management programme will continue.
The new asset sales programme also will continue.
The asset - sales management programme will continue.
THE Titan crane is also going to also receive the international heritage honour.
THEM Titan crane is also going to receive the international heritage honour.
THE Titan crane is to also receive the highest international world heritage honour.
THES Titan crane is to receive the highest possible international heritage honour.
THES Titan crane is to also receive the international maritime heritage honour.
Royal Dutch Caribbean announced its 2015 Alaskan winter cruise season.
Royal Caribbean also announced for 2015 its 2015 Alaska cruise season.
Royal Caribbean announced its plans for its 2015 Alaska cruise season.
Royal Caribbean also announced its upcoming 2015 Alaskan cruise season.
Royal Caribbean has also announced its 2015 Virgin Alaska cruise season.
A woman who was rescued from under an approaching oncoming train.
A woman passenger, was rescued from under an oncoming train.
A woman survivor was rescued from an rapidly approaching oncoming train.
A woman was rescued safely out from under an oncoming train.
A young Indian woman was rescued from an approaching oncoming train.
Instacart, operates the delivery bus service, which has expanded to Chicago.
Instacart, with all the delivery service, has also expanded to Chicago.
Instacart, the largest direct delivery bus service, has expanded to Chicago.
Instacart, the mail delivery service, has since also expanded to Chicago.
Instacart, the delivery service, of which recently has expanded to Chicago.
How much anxiety or stress that can rewire the brain is to help make benign smells malodorous.
How much anxiety or stress can rewire in the brain to make the benign brain smells malodorous.
How anxiety attacks or stressors can help rewired the brain to make benign smells malodorous.
How anxiety or stress can rewire the brain stem is to help make benign food smells malodorous.
How anxiety or extreme stress can help rewire the brain to make benign food that smells malodorous.
Ukraine stunned hosts France to eventually win the final first leg.
Ukraine stunned hosts France to a win in the first leg.
Ukraine stunned France only twice to win the decisive first leg.
Ukraine stunned France to win in the decisive second first leg.
Ukraine stunned hosts France, to win in the first leg.
Fassi will launch a brand - new crane.
Fassi will launch it with a new crane.
Fassi Construction Group will launch a new crane.
Fassi Group will also launch a new crane.
Fassi will also launch a brand new crane.
Haulier and shipping merchant group, Charles & Gee, has been also forced into administration.
Haulier and later the international shipping group Charles Gee, has been also forced into administration.
Haulier and shipping group Charles & Gee, and which has since been forced into administration.
Haulier shipping and shipping group Charles Gee, has been also being forced back into administration.
Haulier, and shipping group Charles Gee, which has been recently forced back into administration.
Extortionists everywhere should be dealt with only with an iron hand.
Extortionists should be dealt with with with an absolute iron hand.
Extortionists should also not be dealt with with an iron hand.
Extortionists should be dealt with with with an absolute iron hand.
Extortionists should not always be dealt with with an iron hand.
Adolphe Sax, who has revolutionised, is finally getting the international recognition that today he is due to in his Belgium.
Adolphe de Sax, who revolutionised, is now finally finally getting all the recognition he is due for in his Belgium.
Adolphe meets Sax, who revolutionised, and is finally getting all the international recognition that he is due in his Belgium.
Adolphe Sax, who has revolutionised, is finally getting the recognition that he is not now due back in his Belgium.
Adolphe Sax, who revolutionised, and is finally getting all of the recognition he is now due in all his Belgium.
Glasgow should be selected, as well being also the venue for their League Cup clash.
Glasgow should be selected as both the venue and for their League and FA Cup clash.
Glasgow should be also selected as being the venue again for their League and Cup clash.
Glasgow should be selected as the venue again for their next League Cup and Cup clash.
Glasgow City should be automatically selected also as the venue for their next League Cup clash.
Ireland is to open up as a new consulate general in Austin, Texas.
Ireland is planning to open a consulate - general office in Austin, Texas.
Ireland is to also open up as a consulate general in Austin, Texas.
Ireland is to also open a new honorary consulate general in Austin, Texas.
Ireland is to also open a brand new consulate general in Austin, Texas.
The Minnesota Wild has also recently also signed goaltender Rob Laurie.
The Minnesota Wild has also signed goaltender, goaltender Rob Laurie.
The expansion Minnesota Wild has signed veteran goaltender, Rob Laurie.
The Minnesota Wild also most recently has signed goaltender Rob Laurie.
The newly expansion Minnesota - Wild has signed goaltender Rob Laurie.
US Rare Earths has recently also secured $ $ 4 million in financing.
US Rare Earths has secured $ 4 million USD in USD in financing.
US Rare Earths Fund has secured $ US $ 4 million in financing.
US company Rare - Earths has secured $ US 4 million in financing.
US Rare Earths Fund has secured well over $ 4 million in financing.
The United Arab States has told its citizens in South Arabia - Yemen to leave immediately, the US State Department said.
The United Arab States has told its citizens in Yemen not to leave immediately, the official US State Department Department said.
The official United States told all its citizens in Yemen to leave almost immediately, as the official US State Department said.
The United States has also told all its citizens in Yemen to not to leave immediately, the US State Department said.
The United States told its citizens in Yemen to immediately leave " immediately, " the US - State - Department said.
The original Chaos Game Engine is also being now available on PC, Mac, and Linux.
The Chaos Engine series is now currently available only on the PC, Mac, and Linux.
The Chaos Engine is now only available on both the PC, Apple Mac, and Linux.
The Chaos Game Engine series is also now available on PC, Mac, Windows and Linux.
The Chaos Battle Engine is now available only on the PC, Apple Mac, and Linux.
Nearly another 19, 000 Bangladeshi infiltrators were detected annually, in Meghalaya.
Nearly 19, 000 Bangladeshi infiltrators were detected almost annually, in Meghalaya.
Nearly 19, 000 000 suspected Bangladeshi infiltrators were detected annually in Meghalaya.
Nearly a 19, 000 000 Bangladeshi infiltrators were detected annually in Meghalaya.
Nearly 19, 000 suspected armed Bangladeshi terrorist infiltrators were detected in Meghalaya.
Randy Lee Starks currently, is working as No. 3 defensive tackle.
Randy Starks is working out as No. 3 starting at defensive tackle.
Randy Lee - Starks is working as the No. 3 defensive tackle.
Randy Starks is working himself out as No. # 3 defensive tackle.
Randy Starks is currently currently working as No. # 3 defensive tackle.
Andy Murray has admitted that Stanislas Wawrinka has played some very exceptional tennis.
Andy - Murray has admitted that Stanislas Wawrinka played quite some exceptional tennis.
Andy Murray has admitted Stanislas and Wawrinka played together some very exceptional tennis.
Andy Murray himself has admitted Stanislas and Wawrinka played some very exceptional tennis.
Andy Murray has since admitted that Stanislas Wawrinka played in some exceptional tennis.
The company Isuzu Motors, is planning to set up an engine facility, here, in India.
The Isuzu Motors, Ltd. is planning to set up one such an engine facility in India.
The Isuzu Motors, Ltd is planning to also set - up an engine manufacturing facility in India.
The Isuzu General Motor Motors, is planning to set up an automobile engine facility here in India.
The company Isuzu General Motors, is planning also to set up an engine manufacturing facility in India.
Vidya Kumari - Balan fits the bill in her production, Bobby Jasoos.
Vidya Balan fits the same double bill in with her production, Bobby Jasoos.
Vidya Balan fits the very same bill in with her production, Bobby Jasoos.
Vidya Shankar - Balan fits the bill well in her production, Bobby Jasoos.
Vidya Balan fits the bill very well in supporting her production, Bobby Jasoos.
Leonardo DiCaprio, who himself has never even tried drugs, or should we just say, he has never been TEMPTED.
Leonardo DiCaprio has certainly never tried drugs, or should, we just say, then he certainly has never been TEMPTED.
Leonardo Leonardo DiCaprio himself has never tried drugs, or, should, we say, that he has never been TEMPTED.
Leonardo DiCaprio has probably never tried drugs, or he should, shall we say, because he has never been TEMPTED.
Leonardo DiCaprio himself has never even tried drugs, and or should we say, he himself has certainly never been TEMPTED.
The very first IPO event in Azerbaijan will also be held in 2014.
The first IPO in Azerbaijan, will be held later on in 2014.
The first IPO event in all the Azerbaijan will be held in 2014.
The first IPO international event held in Azerbaijan will be held in 2014.
The first ever IPO in Azerbaijan, will be being held in 2014.
Aluminium is expected to retest, with a support budget at $ 1, 848.
Aluminium is expected to retest, with a support budget at $ 1, 848.
Aluminium is expected annually to retest a year support budget at $ 1, 848.
Aluminium production is expected annually to retest a support at US $ 1, 848.
Aluminium production is expected to retest with a support budget at $ 1, 848.
A young Tampa man is being charged again with attempted murder after stabbing.
A Tampa man is being later on charged again with murder after stabbing.
A Tampa - Bay man is being charged again with murder after stabbing.
A Tampa - Bay man who is being charged with murder after stabbing.
A Tampa Bay man is currently being charged with attempted murder after stabbing.
Fall foliage foliage is also shaping up to be particularly colorful.
Fall is shaping up itself, up to be particularly colorful.
Fall season itself is shaping up to not be particularly colorful.
Fall is already shaping up around here to be particularly colorful.
Fall is also shaping it up to be considered particularly colorful.
Shelters are opening across the entire Metro Atlanta.
Shelters are opening up all across Metro Atlanta.
Shelters are now also opening across Metro Atlanta.
Shelters and projects are opening across Metro Atlanta.
Shelters are opening across the entire Metro Atlanta.
The Departments of Agriculture will pursue major reforms implemented in the national rice procurement.
The US Department of Agriculture will also pursue the reforms implemented in the rice procurement.
The new Department of State Agriculture will pursue major reforms especially in the rice procurement.
The Departments of Agriculture will pursue reforms, implemented recently in the rice procurement.
The Departments of Agriculture, will pursue major structural reforms in the rice procurement.
Car maker Nissan will revisit India in its very own mid - term business plan of capturing in India.
Car maker Nissan will revisit its planned mid - term business plan instead, of capturing it in India.
Car maker Nissan will also revisit its mid - term strategic business development plan of car capturing in India.
Car - maker Nissan will revisit its mid - - term business and development plan of capturing in India.
Car - maker Nissan Motors will revisit its mid - term business development plan instead of capturing in India.
Average daily operating rate at Chinese galvanizers plant rose up to about 84. 5 % in March.
Average daily operating loss - rate at Chinese galvanizers rose to about 84. 5 % in March.
Average operating rate at the Chinese galvanizers plant rose to about 84. 5 % % in March.
Average operating rate at Chinese steam galvanizers rose up to 84. 5 5 5 % in March.
Average daily operating rate at Chinese steam galvanizers has rose to 84. 5 % % in March.
A single former UKIP parliamentary candidate has defended a tweet.
A UKIP UK parliamentary candidate has also defended a tweet.
A UKIP UK parliamentary candidate has defended such a tweet.
A UKIP parliamentary party candidate has defended such a tweet.
A UKIP candidate has also also successfully defended a tweet.
Princess of the Sylmar also won in the Alabama Stakes.
Princess Anne of Sylmar won in the Great Alabama Stakes.
Princess of Sylmar won in turn both the Alabama Stakes.
Princess of the Sea Sylmar also won the Alabama Stakes.
Princesse Anne of Sylmar won the Miss Alabama Stakes.
Northern Ireland football team star David Healy was later cleared of assault charges after a witness who later admitted lying.
Northern - Ireland football team star Davide Healy was cleared guilty of assault after a police witness admitted lying.
Northern Ireland football star David Healy was cleared of assault, after which time a prosecution witness later admitted lying.
Northern Ireland international football star, David Healy was cleared of assault after a senior police - witness admitted lying.
Northern Ireland national football team star, David Healy was cleared of the assault after a witness later admitted lying.
AN illegal mosque has been also been given six more months to close.
AN illegal mosque building has been reportedly given six more months to close.
ANA illegal Islamic mosque building has been given six months to close.
AN illegal mosque owner has been reportedly given six more months to close.
AN illegal mosque owner has been reportedly given six more months to close.
Rob Ford will also give Dougie Holyday as a key figure to the city.
Robb Fordham, will give Doug Holyday a key to save the city.
Rob Ford will also help give Doug Holyday a key rail link to the city.
Robb Ford will later also give Doug Holyday a new key to the city.
Robb Ford will also give Mayor Doug Holyday a new key to the city.
A jury found George Zimmerman who was not not guilty.
A jury found District Judge George Zimmerman was not guilty.
A grand - jury found George Zimmerman not not guilty.
A jury found George and Zimmerman were both not guilty.
A jury then found George and Zimmerman both not guilty.
Competition and bright competition quality is an important condition required for progress.
Competition and brightening competition quality is an important condition for progress.
Competitions progress and a bright competition is an condition for progress.
Competitions and brightest competition is an important condition for progress.
Competitions and a bright competition is also an condition for progress.
The Rajya Sabha government has passed on the proposed Telangana Bill.
The Indian Rajya Sabha has passed legislation on the Telangana Bill.
The Rajya Sabha state government has passed on the Telangana Bill.
The Rajya Sabha government has passed legislation on the Telangana Bill.
The Rajya Sabha government has passed on it the Telangana Bill.
Lee Hyori has tied - up the knot with Lee - Sang soon.
Lee Hyori has tied up the knot with the Lee - Sang soon.
Lee Hyori has tied up the same same knot with Lee Sang soon.
Lee Hyori has also tied up the knot with Lee - Sang soon.
Lee Hyori has also tied the same knot with Lee - Sang soon.
BJP is most - likely to emerge as the single - second - largest party in the Delhi assembly polls.
BJP is likely to eventually emerge victorious as the single largest political party in all the upcoming Delhi assembly polls.
BJP too is likely to emerge as the second single - largest party nationally in the Delhi state assembly polls.
BJP party is likely to emerge victorious as the single largest political party in the Delhi 2020 state assembly polls.
BJP is likely to also emerge as the new single - largest political party in the upcoming Delhi assembly polls.
HDFC Ltd plans to raise US $ US US 300 million.
HDFC Ltd. has plans now to raise $ 300 million.
HDFC Ltd plans to raise US $ US $ 300 million.
HDFC Ltd plans now have to eventually raise $ 300 million.
HDFC Ltd. plans now to raise US $ 300 million.
Two Eunice police officers, have also been recently arrested for malfeasance.
Two Eunice Parish police officers have also been arrested twice for malfeasance.
Two Eunice police officers have been officially arrested twice, for malfeasance.
Two Eunice police officers, may have been also arrested for malfeasance.
Two former Saint Eunice police officers have been arrested twice for malfeasance.
A street - food - vendor was stabbed nearly to death.
A street - food vendor, was also stabbed to death.
A street - level food vendor was stabbed nearly to death.
A street - food - vendor was stabbed nearly to death.
A street food vendor, was stabbed, almost to death.
The Soccer team then dropped a 1 - 0 decision loss away to Oregon State.
The Soccer team dropped a 1 0 double - overtime decision loss to Oregon State.
The 2010 Soccer Bowl team then dropped a 1 0 decision to play Oregon State.
The Soccer Bowl team then dropped a unanimous 1 - 0 decision to Oregon State.
The Soccer team then dropped a 1 0 decision, going to play Oregon State.
Congress also finalized on making a seat sharing arrangement in Maharashtra.
Congress had also finalized on a seat sharing arrangement in Maharashtra.
Congress finalized a single seat - - sharing arrangement in Maharashtra.
Congress had finalized on a seat - sharing arrangement in Maharashtra.
Congress also finalized on a seat sharing arrangement also in Maharashtra.
A Moses Lake woman is falsely accused of molesting of her two immediate family members.
A young Moses - Lake County woman is accused twice of molesting two family members.
A Moses Lake woman is falsely accused, of molesting her by two family members.
A Moses - Lake woman who is falsely accused of molesting two other family members.
A Moses - Lake County woman is accused of sexually molesting two male family members.
A severe thunderstorm had also knocked - out power up to 2, 800 in southeastern Wisconsin.
A severe tropical thunderstorm knocked - out power to 2, 800 homes located in southeastern Wisconsin.
A second very severe thunderstorm also knocked out power to 2, 800 in extreme southeastern Wisconsin.
A severe thunderstorm knocked - out power up to 2, 000 000 800 in southeastern Wisconsin.
A severe thunderstorm knocked out power upriver to destroy 2, 800 homes in southeastern Wisconsin.
GE Healthcare, is also acquiring another Hartford, called API Healthcare.
GEO Global Health Healthcare, is acquiring Hartford, API Healthcare.
GEO Healthcare, LLC is also acquiring Hartford, API Healthcare.
GEO Healthcare, LLC is acquiring New Hartford, API Healthcare.
GEO Healthcare, LLC is also acquiring Hartford, API Healthcare.
A young father who slipped and died just 24 - 48 hours he held his son.
A father who slipped and died just after 24 hours, he held up his son.
A father slipped and died in the just over 24 hours that he held his son.
A father slipped and died just minutes after 24 hours while he had held his son.
A very young father slipped and almost died just after 24 hours he held his son.
Margaret Hodge told him : - " It is now easier to pay much less tax.
Margaret Hodge was told : " It really is right now easier to pay less tax.
Margaret Hodge told : - " It is also now easier to not pay less tax.
Margaret Hodge told : It is now easier just enough to pay much or less tax.
Margaret Hodge told : " It is now much easier now to just pay less tax.
Five, terror terror suspects, have appeared in court.
Five terror suspects have since appeared twice more in court.
Five terror suspects have since publicly appeared guilty in court.
Five, terror suspects, have not appeared in court.
Five terror terror suspects have appeared only twice in court.
ICON FOR THE HIRE have just announced the upcoming Evening With Icon.
ICON FOR HIRE have announced the upcoming Two Evenings With Icon.
ICON FOR THE HIRE I have announced for the Evening With Icon.
ICON FOR HIRE, I have announced the Evenings With Icon.
ICON, FOR HIRE I have just announced the Evening With Icon.
Chris Brown suffered from having a seizure.
Chrissie Ann Brown suffered a seizure.
Chris Brown suffered injuries from a seizure.
Chrissie Brown suffered from a seizure.
Chrissie Brown also suffered a seizure.
HEARTS A defender, Brad McKay insists.
HEARTS defender, Braden McKay insists.
HEARTS defender Braden - McKay insists.
HEARTS United defender Braden McKay insists.
HEARTS defender, Braden McKay insists.
Larry Miller is encouraging the locals to help apply locally for funding.
Larry Miller Foundation is encouraging locals from nationwide to apply for funding.
Larry Miller Foundation is also encouraging locals to apply locally for funding.
Larry Miller Foundation is encouraging locals there to help apply for funding.
Larry Lee - Miller is encouraging the locals to apply for funding.
Native and teammate Derrick Brooks was later elected together to the NFL Halls Of Fame.
Native and Oklahoma native Derrick Brooks was elected posthumously to the NFL Halls Of Fame.
Native and Derrick Brooks was also later both elected to the NFL Halls Of Fame.
Native and Derrick - Michael Brooks was elected annually together to the NFL Hall Of Fame.
Native and teammate Derrick Brooks was later posthumously elected together to the NFL Hall Of Fame.
The State Water Supply Project Department will make small deliveries in this year.
The State Water Project will make some small scale deliveries in this year.
The State Power Water Project will make some small deliveries in this year.
The Maharashtra Government State Water Project Department will make small deliveries this year.
The Gujarat State Water Project will make small deliveries in India this year.
Disney Interactive is cutting off its roughly $ 700 jobs.
Disneyland Disney Interactive is cutting off roughly 700 jobs.
Disney Interactive Entertainment is cutting - off roughly 700 jobs.
Disneyland Interactive is cutting roughly US $ 700 jobs.
Disney Interactive Entertainment is cutting off roughly $ 700 jobs.
Jason Petersson has returned home to the Bears practice field.
Jason Lee Peterson has returned to the Bears practice field.
Jason Petersson has since returned to work the practice field.
Jason Petersson has since returned home to the practice field.
Jason Lee Peterson also has returned to the practice field.
Urban Outfitters faces filing a Californian government overtime lawsuit.
Urban Outfitters International also faces a Californian overtime lawsuit.
Urban Outfitters faces filing for a Southern California overtime lawsuit.
Urban Urban Outfitters faces filing a Californian overtime lawsuit.
Urban Outfitters faces filing for a Californian overtime lawsuit.
TrustedConsumerReview, who is pleased to announce him as the second best NJ Career Coach.
TrustedConsumerReview who is very pleased to be announced as the best NJ Career Coach.
TrustedConsumerReview is pleased to be officially announce as the second - best NJ Career Coach.
TrustedConsumerReview is pleased to announce as being the second best ever NJIT Career Coach.
TrustedConsumerReview is very pleased to finally be announce as the best NJIT Career Coach.
Roy Blunt and Senator Claire Marie - McCaskill introduced legislation designed to protect sexual assault victims in both the military.
Roy Blunt and Senator Claire McCaskill also introduced legislation to protect sexual assault victims serving simultaneously in both the military.
Roy Blunt and Claire McCaskill introduced new legislation to protect sexual - assault victims serving in both of the military.
Roy Blunt and Senator Claire McCaskill introduced legislation designed to protect sexual sexual - assault victims serving in the military.
Roy Blunt and Claire Marie - McCaskill introduced legislation to protect sexual sexual - assault - victims in the military.
Nationals pitching assistant coach Stevee McCatty has been taken away to attend a hospital.
Nationals pitching coach, Steve McCatty has also also been reportedly taken to a hospital.
Nationals pitching coach Stevee McCatty has since been also being taken to a hospital.
Nationals pitching staff coach Stevee - McCatty, has been taken to a hospital.
Nationals pitching coach and assistant coach, Steve McCatty has been taken to a hospital.
Mathieu Bernard - Debuchy refuses permission to commit to Newcastle United.
Mathieu Debuchy refuses to fully fully commit to joining Newcastle United.
Mathieu Debuchy also refuses to commit to joining FC Newcastle United.
Mathieu - Debuchy refuses permissions to commit to Newcastle United.
Mathieu Debuchy refuses permission to ever fully commit to Newcastle United.
A notorious criminal, who was killed off in an encounter.
A notorious criminal who was nearly killed, in an encounter.
A notorious war - criminal was killed in such an encounter.
A notorious war criminal was also killed off in an encounter.
A notorious war - criminal was also killed in an encounter.
Russian military troops may also have seized control of a base.
Russian military troops have seized control over part of a base.
Russian troops also may have seized control of such a base.
Russian troops have seized back the military control of a base.
Russian military and troops have seized control over of a base.
Zealots often shift to the goal posts typical of the religious game.
Zealots can shift the two goal posts because of the religious game.
Zealots shift the goal posts to posts of the traditional religious game.
Zealots shift to the goal posts of in the traditional religious game.
Zealots shift the goal posts to posts of in the religious game.
A young mother of bear got some financial help from state game officials.
A mother bear got some financial help from the state level game officials.
A mother bear of bear got some help, from state game officials.
A mother bear has also got some financial help from state game officials.
A newbie mother of bear got some help from state game officials.
Dashon Goldson have also have only been suspended for one game.
Dashon Goldson would have been indefinitely suspended indefinitely for one game.
Dashon and Ryan Goldson have been suspended for just one game.
Dashon Goldson would have also been suspended indefinitely for one game.
Dashon Goldson have been indefinitely suspended for playing only one game.
Shanghai The city has endured its hottest in July in 140 years.
Shanghai Spring has endured from its first hottest July in 140 years.
Shanghai has endured for its second - hottest July in 140 years.
Shanghai has also endured from its hottest in July in 140 years.
Shanghai city has endured its hottest July calendar month in 140 years.
J Jayalalithaa has agreed not to inaugurate for the 100 - years anniversary of Indian Cinema event.
J. Jayalalithaa Foundation, has agreed to inaugurate the 100 years anniversary of Indian Cinema event.
J Jayalalithaa has also agreed to inaugurate the 100 years of Indian and Indian Film Cinema event.
J Jayalalithaa has also agreed, to inaugurate the 100 years of the Indian Indian Cinema event.
J Jayalalithaa has agreed to inaugurate the annual 100 years - anniversary of the Indian Cinema event.
Joan Jett will perform with all the remaining five original members of Nirvana.
Joan van Jett will perform with the three remaining original members of Nirvana.
Joan Jett also will not perform with the three remaining members of Nirvana.
Joan van Jett will also perform with the remaining original members of Nirvana.
Joan van der Jett will also perform with the remaining members of Nirvana.
Richard Gasquet had trouble beating teenager Nicklas Kyrgios to help him give France a narrow 1 0 early lead in their first Davis Cup tie.
Richard and Gasquet had trouble beating teenager Nick Kyrgios to give up the hosts France a 1 0 lead in France winning their Davis Cup tie.
Richard and Gasquet had trouble beating teenager Nicklas Kyrgios, to give France a 1 0 lead, in their first Davis - Cup tie.
Richard Strauss and Gasquet also had trouble in beating Greek teenager Nick Kyrgios to give France a 1 0 lead in winning their Davis Cup tie.
Richard Gasquet also had some trouble in beating teenager Nicklas Kyrgios to give the France a 1 0 lead early in their Davis Cup tie.
ASEAN officials and the US officials met to launch several new cooperation programmes.
ASEAN and US officials met regularly to help jointly launch new cooperation programmes.
ASEAN and US officials met together to launch new international regional cooperation programmes.
ASEAN and US officials met to launch all the several new cooperation programmes.
ASEAN and the US government officials met to jointly launch new cooperation programmes.
Zynga has dropped only about 130 names.
Zyngax has dropped about 130 names.
Zynga dropped the about $ 130 names.
Zynga dropped only about about 130 names.
Zynga has dropped about about 130 names.
Judge Murphy has refused permission to officially release Darren Sharper from jail.
Judge has refused to help release Darren, and Sharper from jail.
Judge has refused permission to release Judge Darren Sharper, from jail.
Judge Murphy has also repeatedly refused to release Darren Sharper from jail.
Judge has refused to release Darren Sharper back at home from jail.
The entire city needs to try out the right carrot before using just the stick to solve such a growing issue of street workers.
The whole city needs to try the carrot stick before the stick to solve such a growing social issue of the poor street workers.
The city needs just someone to really try the carrot before the wheels stick, to solve such a growing issue of street workers.
The city needs to first try the new carrot before using the spinning - wheels stick to solve a growing issue of street workers.
The city needs to try the first carrot stick before the stick, to solve a very rapidly growing social issue of street workers.
ASUS announced the new IBM Advanced Memory Transformer Pad TF701T.
ASUS was announced on the new Transformer - Pad TF701T.
ASUS also announced the new IBM Advanced Transformer Pad TF701T.
ASUS announced the new brand new Advanced Transformer Pad TF701T.
ASUS announced the new model IBM Advanced Transformer Pad TF701T.
A young man convicted of murdering her father has died.
A young man convicted of the murdering crime has died.
A man convicted of contract murdering for him has died.
A man convicted of committing the murdering act has died.
A man not convicted of of the murdering has died.
Someone was trying desperately to steal the wheels right off of...... her car.
Someone was trying desperately to just steal all the wheels right off of her car.
Someone was probably trying to steal all the wheels off top of... her car.
Someone was trying desperately to steal the wheels off the top of... her car.
Someone else was trying desperately to help steal the wheels off top of her car.
Carnival Entertainment Corp. is shaking back - up its management team.
Carnival Entertainment Corp. is shaking - up its new management team.
Carnival Entertainment Corp., is also shaking up its management team.
Carnival Entertainment Corp. is shaking up its senior - management team.
Carnival Corp., is just now shaking up its management team.
The best show of the cows, and calves, ever being seen at Alston turned out.
The best ever big cattle show of cows and calves ever being seen at Alston turned out.
The very best show of cows and calves ever being the last seen at Alston turned out.
The best show of the cows and their calves ever seen, back at Alston turned out.
The best ever cattle show of cows and calves ever being seen here at Alston turned out.
The first general sale of winter sports clothes has started.
The sale only of winter clothes also, has started.
The sale of the winter sports clothes also has started.
The first general sale of the winter clothes has started.
The first regular sale of winter sports clothes has started.
An Egyptian military court ordered the immediate release of General Hosni Mubarak.
An Egyptian military military court then ordered the release of Hosni Mubarak.
An independent Egyptian court ordered for the immediate release of Hosni Mubarak.
An independent Egyptian military court ordered the immediate release of Hosni Mubarak.
An Egyptian military court then ordered the release of General Hosni Mubarak.
A local man has long since also been jailed after 400 tonnes of wastewater was dumped on land.
A maniac has also recently been jailed after 400 tonnes of toxic waste was illegally dumped on land.
A maniac has been recently been jailed after 400 tonnes of wastewater waste was dumped on land.
A man has been jailed after over a 400 tonnes of waste was found illegally being dumped on land.
A local man has also been jailed after 400 metric tonnes worth of waste was dumped illegally on land.
A Arizona woman who has also been charged with assaulting by a deputy.
A Arizona Republican woman has been charged, twice with assaulting a deputy.
A Arizona woman who has been recently charged with assaulting by a deputy.
A young Arizona woman has been charged twice each with assaulting a deputy.
A Arizona Republican woman who has been charged twice with assaulting a deputy.
The Supreme Court however has not yet dismissed the Pork Industry Board's appeal.
The Supreme Court has since dismissed both the American Pork Industry Board's appeal.
The Supreme Court has dismissed the National Porkfish Industry Control Board's appeal.
The Supreme Judicial Court has since then dismissed the Pork Industry Board's appeal.
The Supreme Court, however has dismissed the Pork Food Industry Board's appeal.
Ashutosh has accused both his opponent Shankar Singh and Kapil Sibali for distributing money.
Ashutosh Kumar has accused his opponent Singh and Kapil Sibali for not distributing money.
Ashutosh Kumar has also accused his opponent and Kapil Dev Kumar Sibal for distributing money.
Ashutosh has accused both his opponent and Kapil Dev Sibal for allegedly not distributing money.
Ashutosh has also publicly accused his opponent and rival Kapil Sibal for not distributing money.
CBS have cast Justine Long and Octavia Spencer on their brand new family comedy series Mom.
CBS executives may have also cast Justin Long and Octavia Spencer on new family comedy series Mom.
CBS have also cast Justine Long and Octavia Spencer on their brand new comedy series Mom.
CBS have cast Justin Long and voice actress Octavia Spencer together on new comedy television series Mom.
CBS will have cast Justine Longoria and Octavia Spencer on new family comedy series Mom.
Bollywood film star Juhiya Chawla is also heading to Hollywood.
Bollywood star Juhi Chawla is now also heading back to Hollywood.
Bollywood star Juhi Chawla, who is now heading to Hollywood.
Bollywood star Juhi Chawla is now also heading back to Hollywood.
Bollywood and film star Juhi Chawla is heading back to Hollywood.
NBC Radio Sports Radio has passed even the 300 - station mark.
NBC World Sports Radio has passed on even the 300 station mark.
NBC Sports Radio coverage has passed even the 300 - station mark.
NBC Sports Radio News Network has passed the top 300 station mark.
NBC World Sports Radio has never passed the 300 - station mark.
Pawan Kalyan will go on for a day's electioneering campaign in Karnataka.
Pawan Kalyan will also go out on a single day's campaign in Karnataka.
Pawan Kalyan will also go on for a day's awareness campaign in Karnataka.
Pawan Kalyan will also also go on a day's campaign tour in Karnataka.
Pawan Kalyan Singh will also also go on a day's campaign in Karnataka.
Twitter shares would have been priced down, at $ 26.
Twitter shares would have been publicly priced at US $ 26.
Twitter shares sold have also traditionally been priced at $ 26.
Twitter shares have been initially priced at at US $ 26.
Twitter shares have been publicly priced at around US $ 26.
Turkey appointed two more new military commanders.
Turkey also appointed new senior military commanders.
Turkey appointed two more new military commanders.
Turkey appointed two new senior military commanders.
Turkey has also appointed new military commanders.
The very same former, Watonwan County investigator was sentenced.
The other former Chief Watonwan County police investigator was sentenced.
The former Chief Watonwane County police investigator was sentenced.
The other former Watonwan County police police investigator was sentenced.
The very same former Watonwan County police investigator was sentenced.
First Trust Strategic High - Income Fund Phase II Program has declared for the Fund's distribution.
First Trust Strategically High Income Fund, Phase II, has declared the Fund's distribution.
First Trusted Strategic Fund High Income Fund II has been declared the Strategic Fund's distribution.
First Trust Strategic High Income Fund II has been recently declared the Best Investment Fund's distribution.
First Trust Strategically High Income Fund, Phase II has been declared the Fund's distribution.
Good2bSocial & the PostBeyondo announced a partnership.
Good2bSocial & the PostBeyonds announced a partnership.
Good2bSocial & with the PostBeyond announced a partnership.
Good2bSocial & the PostBeyondo announced a partnership.
Good2bSociality & PostBeyondo announced a partnership.
P Chidambaram has today been slammed unregulated major players in the financial market.
P Chidambaram today slammed unregulated major playership in the Indian financial market.
P Chidambaram has today slammed the unregulated players in entering the financial market.
P Chidambaram today slammed all the unregulated players in the Indian financial market.
P Chidambaram today, has slammed unregulated players in the Indian financial market.
Michelle Williams has also also released in 2017 the video for If We Only Had Your Eyes, the single.
Michelle Williams has released online the video - clip for If We Only Had Your Blue Eyes, the single.
Michelle Williams also has released online the video for If Only We Had Had Your Eyes, promoting the single.
Michelle Williams has released the video for If Only We Had Only Had Your Beautiful Blue Eyes, the single.
Michelle Williams has also released the music video for If Only We Had All Your Blue Eyes, the single.
WhatsApp option 1 is to also add a voice call service.
WhatsApp is also used to add a new voice call service.
WhatsApp is to automatically add to a voice - call service.
WhatsApp is to add functionality similar to a voice call service.
WhatsApp is to add functionality to a voice - call service.
A federal and federal judge overturned Jensen's attempted murder conviction.
A federal federal judge overturned John Jensen's attempted murder conviction.
A federal judge later overturned John Paul Jensen's murder conviction.
A federal federal judge overturned John Jensen's attempted murder conviction.
A federal federal federal judge overturned John Jensen's murder conviction.
Carl Icahn reported a higher market share stake in both the Transocean Ltd.
Carl Icahn reported a higher ownership stake in the both the Transocean Ltd.
Carl Icahn reported on a higher stake in the telecommunications company Transocean Ltd.
Carl Icahn reported a very much higher stakeholding in the Transocean Ltd.
Carl Icahn reported a very much higher stake in both the Transocean Ltd.
Vuelta champion Chris Horner has recently been released from inside of in a local hospital following a spring training accident inside a tunnel.
Vuelta champion, Chrissie Horner has been released early from a local hospital following a motorcycle training accident inside of a tunnel.
Vuelta 1 world champion is Chris Horner, who has been released from a hospital following a spring training accident inside a tunnel.
Vuelta champion Chris Horner, who has recently just been released from in a hospital following a training accident inside of a tunnel.
Vuelta world champion Chris Horner has been reportedly released early from a hospital hospital bed, following a training accident inside a tunnel.
CHELSEA have reached a verbal settlement and agreement over half the total purchase price of Atletico Madrid striker Diego Costa.
CHELSEA also would have reached a verbal agreement over the purchase of Atletico Madrid CF from former striker Diego Costa.
CHELSEA would have reached a verbal agreement, over only the purchase of former Atletico Madrid striker, Diego Costa.
CHELSEA would have reached a formal verbal agreement over the purchase of former Atletico Madrid striker, José Diego Costa.
CHELSEA have reached into a verbal agreement agreement over the purchase rights of former Atletico de Madrid striker Diego Costa.
A Bournemouth driver also has been reportedly involved in a near fatal crash.
A Bournemouth driver has been involved in an almost a single fatal crash.
A Bournemouth driver has been involved, resulting in almost a fatal crash.
A former Bournemouth driver has been reportedly involved in such a fatal crash.
A former Bournemouth driver has been involved in such a near fatal crash.
A Samajwadi Janata Party senior social worker was shot dead.
A Samajwadi Janata Party worker candidate also was shot dead.
A Samajwadi Bharatiya Janata Party worker was also shot dead.
A senior Samajwadi Party worker also was also shot dead.
A senior opposition Samajwadi Party worker was also shot dead.
Mobile security is the second - most recently deployed security initiative by CSOs.
Mobile security is the second most most - recently deployed initiative by CSOs.
Mobile security is the most recently - being - deployed initiative by CSOs.
Mobile security is currently the most recently deployed security initiative supported by CSOs.
Mobile phone security is the most - recently deployed security initiative by CSOs.
Harish Rawat Singh was named as the new deputy chief minister of Uttarakhand.
Harish Rawat Singh, was named the new chief revenue minister of Uttarakhand.
Harish Rawat was also named as as the new chief minister of Uttarakhand.
Harish Rawat Singh was named as the the new chief minister of Uttarakhand.
Harish Rawat was named the first new deputy chief revenue minister of Uttarakhand.
The board of Orange in Poland, has appointed him as new member.
The board of Orange Poland has been appointed unanimously as a new member.
The board of Orange Poland has also appointed him as a new member.
The executive advisory board of Orange Poland has appointed him as new member.
The board of Orange Poland Foundation has been appointed as a new member.
Audi would start by already producing the cars in Brazil.
Audi would start off by already producing cars in Brazil.
Audi would start by producing all the cars in Brazil.
Audi would later on also start producing cars in Brazil.
Audi would later also start producing the cars in Brazil.
Today announced, Vishayo Intertechnology, LLC Inc. has entered into an annually amended and restated $ 640 - million credit facility.
Today announced Vishayo Intertechnology Inc. has entered into an amended and fully restated, US $ 640 million federal tax credit facility.
Today recently announced Vishayo Intertechnology Inc. has also recently entered itself into an amended and restated $ 640 million new credit facility.
Today announced, Vishay Intertechnology Inc., has entered into an extensively amended and restated $ US 6400 - million credit facility.
Today announced Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. has entered into an agreement amended, and restated its $ 1 US 640 million credit facility.
Every panchayat will also have appointed an engineer.
Every village panchayath will have an engineer.
Every panchayath will also have an engineer.
Every panchayat will also always have an engineer.
Every panchayat will also also have an engineer.
Parliament was being seriously disrupted again.
Parliament was being seriously disrupted again.
Parliament House was being disrupted again.
Parliament was also being disrupted again.
Parliament was being seriously disrupted again.
A car salesman has denied molesting a beautiful young American woman who apparently was looking for a decent dress look after officers at Global Village.
A salesman has denied molesting a woman who apparently " was " looking for a decent evening to dress look after officers at Global Village.
A car parts salesman has denied molesting a woman, who was looking for a decent white wedding dress after officers arrived at Global Village.
A salesman has denied molesting of a woman who allegedly was looking for a more decent dress after allegedly killing officers working at Global Village.
A salesman who has been denied molesting of a young woman who was looking for a decent dress look after officers stationed at Global Village.
Odisha government has accused that the Centre of Excellence adopting a discriminatory approach.
Odisha government has accused the Centre Party government of adopting a discriminatory approach.
Odisha has also accused the Justice Centre of adopting a more discriminatory approach.
Odisha government has also accused the Centre Party of adopting a discriminatory approach.
Odisha has also accused the Justice Centre of not adopting a discriminatory approach.
Paulson George has also said he will sign a contract - extension with the Indiana Pacers.
Paul George has said that he will sign on for a contract extension with the Indiana Pacers.
Paulson George has said that he will sign a contract extension with, the Indiana Pacers.
Paul Georgevich has said he will sign on a future contract extension with the Indiana Pacers.
Paulson George has said that he will sign on a extension with the expansion Indiana Pacers.
I was raised, what do we really mean, by biosecurity.
I was being raised, what don't we mean by biosecurity.
I was raised, what exactly exactly do we mean by biosecurity.
I raised, what don't we all just mean by biosecurity.
I raised, what don't think, we mean by biosecurity.
Bon Jovi appear to not also have sacked manager Richie Sambora.
Bon - Jovi also appear not to have sacked Richie Sambora.
Bon - Bon Jovi appear not to have sacked Richie Sambora.
Bon Bon - Jovi also appear to have sacked Richie Sambora.
Bon Jovi would appear to also have also sacked Richie Sambora.
Police say that a fire was caused primarily by operating an honey - oil extraction operation.
Police also say that a fire was caused by running an honey - oil extraction operation.
Police also say, that, a fire was caused by an honey oil extraction operation.
Police also say that a forest fire was caused by an honey - oil extraction operation.
Police say that a forest fire was caused primarily indirectly by an honey oil extraction operation.
Syria expects such a terrorist - attack at any moment, a Syrian security official said.
Syria expects a attack at the dawn almost any moment, " a security official said.
Syria expects of such as a attack at any given moment, a security official said.
Syria expects such a attack at almost at any given moment, a security official said.
Syria expects such thing as a attack at any moment, " a security official said.
The Marina shopping mall also hosted Senior Media Journalists Week in Accra.
The Marina Marina shopping mini - mall hosted Senior Journalists in Accra.
The Marina shopping - mall has hosted many Senior Journalists in Accra.
The Marina Marina shopping - mall hosted Senior Media Journalists in Accra.
The Marina shopping mall hosted the Senior Media Journalists Conference in Accra.
Justine Bieber tested positive for medical marijuana and named the drug Xanax.
Justin Bieber tested positive for both marijuana use and the prescription drug Xanax.
Justine Bieber also tested positive for marijuana and named the drug Xanax.
Justin Bieber has also tested positive for marijuana, and the drug Xanax.
Justin Bieber tested positive, both for marijuana and for the drug Xanax.
LSU baseball has moved up by only the one spot in this week's Baseball America Poll.
LSU has been moved up by one spot in this past week's annual Baseball America Poll.
LSU has only moved up one spot in this past calendar week's annual Baseball America Poll.
LSU has moved back up one spot in this the long past week's Baseball America Poll.
LSU has moved up by one more single spot, in this week's Baseball America Poll.
Adidas has also publicly blamed its 11 percent drop for cars entering the half hour on the lacklustre environment.
Adidas UK has blamed for its 11 percent drop and blamed for half the half on the lacklustre environment.
Adidas UK has blamed its 11 - percent price drop for the half on just managing the lacklustre environment.
Adidas UK has also blamed its own 11 percent price drop for spending the half on the lacklustre environment.
Adidas has blamed its initial 11 - 12 percent drop for the half on the overall, lacklustre environment.
Corruption is also creating economic instability especially in the education sector.
Corruption is creating instability in both the higher - education sector.
Corruption there also is creating instability especially in the education sector.
Corruption is creating instability in both both the and education sector.
Corruption is creating economic instability, especially in the education sector.
People in the Latin American South report having the most recent trouble in accessing affordable health care.
People living in across the South report having had the most immediate trouble accessing affordable health care.
People in across the South report as having the single most trouble accessing affordable quality health care.
People in across the South report as having had the most serious trouble accessing affordable health care.
People living in the South report as having had the most trouble accessing affordable quality health care.
A Australian missionary has been detained in the country neighboring North Korea.
A Australian Catholic missionary priest has been detained in neighboring North Korea.
A Australian Christian missionary has been reportedly detained while in North Korea.
A former Australian missionary and priest has been detained in North Korea.
A former Australian missionary has also been detained while in North Korea.
She is engaged now to her boyfriend, actor Stephen Kay, a director.
She is also currently engaged to her boyfriend Stephen Kay, also a director.
She is engaged now to her former boyfriend, Stephen Kay, a director.
She is currently engaged to her boyfriend Stephen Kay, also also a director.
She is engaged to her longtime boyfriend, Stephen Kay, also a director.
Importing of gold for export of jewellery has also recently been restored.
Import of gold, for the export of jewellery, has been restored.
Import of gold for export, and of jewellery has also been restored.
Import of the gold coins for export of jewellery has also been restored.
Import collection of gold for export and collection of jewellery has been restored.
SAP AGM says its profit rose by 23 percent as well its cloud computing business grew.
SAP Technologies AG says profit margins also rose 23 percent as its cloud computing software business grew.
SAP AG says its profit margins have rose 23 percent as its core cloud computing business grew.
SAP AG says its profit rose 23 % % percent as its cloud computing software business grew.
SAP AG says its annual profit margins rose 23 percent as well its cloud computing business grew.
Senate Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, also was hospitalized.
Senate Majority Leader, Senator Harry J Reid was hospitalized.
Senate Majority Leader Harry J. Harry Reid was hospitalized.
Senate Senate Senate Majority Leader Harry J Reid was hospitalized.
Senate Senate Senate Majority Floor Leader Harry Reid was hospitalized.
Julianne Moore and Zach Galifianakis, will also guest star in an Freeheld.
Julianne Moore Moore, and Zach Galifianakis, will star in an Freeheld.
Julianne Moore and actor Zach Galifianakis, will star in Being an Freeheld.
Julianne Moore, and Zacharia Galifianakis will also star in an Freeheld.
Julianne Moore, and Zach Galifianakis will also star in Making an Freeheld.
Sushant Narayan Singh of the Rajputana and Ankita Lokhande are set to tie the knot soon.
Sushant Narayan Singh - Rajput and Ankita Lokhande are set to tie - up the knot soon.
Sushant Singh, Rajput and Ankita Lokhande, are set - up to tie the knot soon.
Sushant Singh Rajputana, and later Ankita Lokhande, are set to tie the knot soon.
Sushant Singh Rajput and Rani Ankita Lokhande, who are set up to tie the knot soon.
The Nigerian Nigerian national army denied by name an Muslim group of targeting.
The Nigerian army denied by name an unnamed Muslim group allegations of targeting.
The Nigerian army denied attacks by an unnamed Muslim militant group of targeting.
The Nigerian army has denied by such an Muslim group allegations of targeting.
The local Nigerian government army denied by an unnamed Muslim group of targeting.
But one other thing the local police IRS isn't deciding a young woman has been raped.
But the one thing the local IRS isn't deciding : a young woman has been raped.
But for one thing, the whole local IRS isn't deciding a woman has been raped.
But one thing the IRS isn't about deciding a woman based on who has been raped.
But one other thing the local IRS says isn't deciding a young woman has been raped.
Wladimir Klitschko retained his WBA and IBF titles, winning unanimously, after outpointing Russian Alexander Povetkin.
Wladimir Klitschko retained both his WBA and the IBF lightweight titles, by unanimously outpointing Alexander Povetkin.
Wladimir - Alexander Klitschko retained his former WBA and IBF titles, unanimously after outpointing Alexander Povetkin.
Wladimir Alexander Klitschko retained his WBA and IBF titles, winning by unanimously outpointing Russian Alexander Povetkin.
Wladimir Klitschko successfully retained both of his WBA and the IBF titles, unanimously outpointing Alexander Povetkin.
The Escambia County Sheriff's Office, is currently actively investigating an shooting.
The Escambia County Sheriff's Office is investigating suspects for such an shooting.
The Escambia County School District Sheriff's Office, is investigating an shooting.
The Escambia Valley County Deputy Sheriff's Office, is investigating an shooting.
The Escambia - Valley County Sheriff's Department Office is investigating an shooting.
Two injured pedestrians were taken out after being accidentally struck, by a vehicle, during a snowy morning commute.
Two pedestrians, were taken out, after being struck down by a vehicle, during a snowy morning commute.
Two injured pedestrians were taken away after being struck by a large passing passing vehicle during a snowy morning commute.
Two pedestrians were taken after allegedly being struck by such as a vehicle during a cold, snowy morning commute.
Two pedestrians were taken after being allegedly accidentally struck by a vehicle during a particularly snowy early - morning commute.
Muslims can also adopt from a Muslim child under the juvenile justice law.
Muslims can adopt a child under the Islamic juvenile criminal - justice law.
Muslims can adopt a child under violating the Islamic religious juvenile justice law.
Muslims also can also adopt a child under the juvenile criminal justice law.
Muslims can also adopt such as a child under the juvenile justice law.
New York Knicks president, Steve Van Mills has said Isiah Thomason will not officially be rejoining the organization.
New Knicks'president Steve Mills has said Isiah and Thomas will not yet officially be rejoining with the organization.
New York Knicks'president Steve Van Millson has said Isiah Thomason will not be rejoining the organization.
New Knicks president, Steve Millson has also said that Isiah Thomason will not be rejoining the organization.
New Knicks president, Steve Mills, who has said Isiah Thomas, will not even be rejoining the organization.
ActiveStandards has today announced the upcoming launch of a brand new webinar series.
ActiveStandards today announced the launch - date ahead of a new webinar series.
ActiveStandards today announced that the launch of such was a new webinar series.
ActiveStandards today announced the launch of such as a new mobile webinar series.
ActiveStandards has today announced the launch of such a new mobile webinar series.
A wounded female firefighter remains in serious condition even after falling.
A firefighter remains in serious physical condition, even after falling.
A wounded firefighter remains not in serious physical condition after falling.
A former firefighter who remains in serious condition even after falling.
A firefighter, who remains in serious condition even after falling.
Prices have been greatly - increased four Disney World parks.
Prices raised would have increased four Walt Disney World parks.
Prices have increased four Disneyland Disneyland World parks.
Prices have been increased four at Walt Disney World parks.
Prices have increased four at Walt - Disney World parks.
Deadline Nation will also launch on Playstation PlayStation Vita this week.
Deadline Nation will launch on Playstation and Vitamin this week.
Dead Nation will launch on the Playstation PlayStation Vita platform this week.
Dead Nation will also launch games available on Playstation Vita this week.
Dead Nation will launch on Playstation PlayStation + PlayStation Vita this week.
Czech inflation rate has slowed in August.
Czech currency inflation slowed down in August.
Czech inflation rate has slowed in August.
Czech currency inflation has slowed in August.
Czech inflation has slowed down in August.
Hudson Taylors have announced that their upcoming new single Weapons.
Hudson & Taylor have also announced their first new single Weapons.
Hudson Taylors have announced their new and new single Weapons.
Hudson and Taylor have announced that their upcoming new single Weapons.
Hudson Taylors, who have announced their new single Weapons.
Chicago University School Shakespeare Theater presents CPS Shakespeare.
Chicago Shakespeare Theater presents the annual CPS Shakespeare.
Chicago Shakespeare Festival Theater presents the CPS Shakespeare.
Chicago Shakespeare Festival Theater presents the CPS Shakespeare.
Chicago University Shakespeare Theater presents the CPS Shakespeare.
We'd never really be back.
We just never'd be back.
We'd never really be back.
We never'd ever be back.
We never'd ever be back.
Eritrean community and service members in Israel have also publicly publicly expressed readiness to become the beneficiaries of investment opportunities in the Homeland.
Eritrean Jewish community - members in northern Israel have expressed readiness " to help become beneficiaries of new investment opportunities in the Homeland.
Eritrean community service members in Israel have expressed " readiness " to become beneficiaries of new investment and employment opportunities in the Homeland.
Eritrean Jewish community members living in Israel have expressed readiness to become beneficiaries because of lack of investment in opportunities in the Homeland.
Eritrean community members in Israel have expressed their strong readiness to help become among the beneficiaries, of investment opportunities in the Homeland.
Japanese retailer Aeon & Co. has also announced plans to launch retailing business in Myanmar.
Japanese retailer Aeon Co. plans to launch retailing and business operations elsewhere, in Myanmar.
Japanese retailer, Aeon & Co. plans plans to also launch retailing business in Myanmar.
Japanese retailer Aeon & Co. plans plans to launch up its retailing business in Myanmar.
Japanese clothing retailer Aeon Co. has announced plans to launch retailing clothing business in Myanmar.
Jack Wilshere has also by now taken some time away.
Jack Wilshere has now just taken some more time away.
Jacky Wilsheren has taken some more time away.
Jack Wilsheren has now been taken some time away.
Jacky the Wilshere has taken quite some time away.
Ongoing attorneys for victims Chris Brown has rejected plea deals for more recent charges.
On his appeal, attorneys for Chris Brown rejected plea deals made for recent charges.
On attorneys working for him Chris and Chris Brown rejected plea deals for recent charges.
On attorneys working for him, Chris Brown rejected his plea deals for recent charges.
On his appeal, attorneys for attorney Chris Brown rejected plea deals for recent charges.
Neil Lennon would not be interested if Steven Lee Fletcher instead was offered.
Neil Lennon himself would be interested if guitarist Steven Michael Fletcher was offered.
Neil Lennon would not be interested, even if Steven Fletcher was offered.
Neil Lennon would not be particularly interested if Stevenine Fletcher was offered.
Neil Lennon himself would be interested, if Steven and Fletcher was offered.
Nelson Nelson Mandela is also making slow but still steady progress.
Nelson Mandela himself, is making slow but very steady progress.
Nelson Mandela is making slow, steady but still steady progress.
Nelson - Mandela is still making slow, but steady progress.
Nelson Nelson Mandela himself is making slow but fairly steady progress.
Dozens of major major bushfires have broke out in Australia.
Dozens of bushfires broke - out out elsewhere in Australia.
Dozens reports " of bushfires also broke out in Australia.
Dozens of major bushfires broke out elsewhere and in Australia.
Dozens of major bushfires broke break - out in Australia.
Christmas Eve was already almost cancelled.
Christmas Eve Eve was almost cancelled.
Christmas was already, almost cancelled.
Christmas Eve was already almost cancelled.
Christmas Eve was already almost cancelled.
Donald ` ` Ab'''Justice, " the All - American, had passed away.
Donald ` ` Ab'' Justice, the first all black All - American, passed away.
Donald ` ` Ab'''Justice,'" the All - American, passed away.
Donald ` ` Ab'' " Justice, " the first All - American, passed away.
Donald'` ` Ab'''Justice, the first All - American, passed away.
Royal Caribbean launched with a brand - new iPad game.
Royal Caribbean Caribbean launched a brand - new iPad game.
Royal Caribbean Caribbean launched with a brand new iPad game.
Royal Caribbean Caribbean launched a brand new interactive iPad game.
Royal Caribbean has recently also launched a new iPad game.
Brandon Phillips who had just left Friday's game because of back spasms.
Brandon Phillips had left Friday's football game because of his back spasms.
Brandon and Phillips left Friday's first football game because of back spasms.
Brandon Phillips left Friday's game early because of all his back spasms.
Brandon Phillips left for Friday's game because one of his back spasms.
Jimi Furyk hit for a magical 59.
Jimi Furyk hit a very magical 59.
Jim Furyk hit for just a magical 59.
Jim Furyk hit a not very magical 59.
Jim and Furyk then hit a magical 59.
Holley Knott, donates US $ 100 million to purchase the Westpac helicopter.
Holley Knott, who donates $ 100 - million to the Westpac helicopter.
Holley Knott, donates $ US $ 100 million to the Westpac helicopter.
Holley Knott, donates US $ 100 to the new Boeing Westpac helicopter.
Holley Knott, donates $ 1 US $ 100 to the Westpac helicopter.
Pakistani border guards killed all the three militants.
Pakistani Army and border guards killed three militants.
Pakistani National Army border guards killed three militants.
Pakistani Army border guards killed the three militants.
Pakistani border guards killed all the three militants.
A officer was injured during during a gun struggle along with a suspect.
A police officer who was injured during during a struggle with a suspect.
A officer also was injured during a gun struggle along with a suspect.
A officer was injured during shooting during a struggle with being a suspect.
A officer was injured during a gun - struggle along with a suspect.
Nick Kyrgios, and Kei Nishikori will play together at both the inaugural 2014 Brisbane International.
Nicki Kyrgios and Keiyo Nishikori will play together again at the 2014 Brisbane International.
Nicki Kyrgios and Keiji Nishikori, will play at the 2014 NRL Brisbane International.
Nick Kyrgios and Keiyo Nishikori, who will also play at the 2014 Brisbane International.
Nicki Kyrgios and his teammate Kei Nishikori will also play at the 2014 Brisbane International.
Augustana College women in softball also picked - up a milestone win on its way to earning a sweep over rival Minot State.
Augustana College softball picked - up it back up on a milestone win on its long way to a sweep over Minot State.
Augustana State College softball picked up a milestone win on its way to victory earning a sweep over conference rival, Minot State.
Augustana College for young adult women softball picked up a milestone season win on its way to a sweep over rival Minot State.
Augustana College softball picked up on a milestone win on going its long way, up to a home sweep over Minot State.
Her baby looks like Kimberley Walsh, and couldn't help herself, but almost cry she had completed her scan.
Her baby sister looks exactly like actress Kimberley Walsh, and couldn't help but cry she had failed her scan.
Her baby sister looks like a Kimberley Walsh, and couldn't even help but cry when she had her scan.
Her new baby looks like actress Kimberley Ann Walsh and couldn't she even help but cry she had her scan.
Her baby sister looks just like Kimberley Walsh and couldn't help herself but to cry she had lost her scan.
Aliyum and Wamakko swore - in in two new deputy commissioners and two special advisers.
Aliyu Wamakko swore - in - bringing in two new commissioners and in two special advisers.
Aliyu Wamakko swore - in two new commissioners and appointed the two as his special advisers.
Aliyu Wamakko swore - in in two new commissioners, and appointed the two special advisers.
Aliyu Wamakko swore - in two new deputy high commissioners and the two new special advisers.
You can play roulette without winning tricks.
You also can roulette for winning tricks.
You can play roulette without winning tricks.
You can play roulette without winning tricks.
You also also can roulette winning tricks.
Nakurul bounced back.
Nakurul bounced back.
Nakurul bounced back.
Nakurul bounced back.
Nakurul bounced back.
A local Colorado frozen meat company is expanding with a recall.
A large local Colorado meat company, is expanding a recall.
A Colorado meat company, it is expanding with a recall.
A Colorado based wholesale meat packing company is expanding a recall.
A large local Colorado meat company is considering expanding a recall.
Pakistan has the lowest global financial penetration.
Pakistan has lowest ever global financial penetration.
Pakistan currently, has lowest financial penetration.
Pakistan Bank currently has lowest financial penetration.
Pakistan currently has lowest global financial penetration.
Employment of the domestic workers will be put back on agendas for the talks.
Employment of domestic workers will also also be put back on agenda for the talks.
Employment of the domestic workers will be on agendas for all of the talks.
Employment rights rights of the domestic workers will be on the agenda for the talks.
Employment rights of the domestic workers will be on agenda for all of the talks.
Delmon Young and of the Baltimore Orioles would have agreed to sign a minor league deal.
Delmon Young, and of course the Orioles have agreed to a minor - league deal.
Delmon Young and the Orioles have also agreed terms to a new, minor league deal.
Delmon Youngs and the Orioles have not yet officially agreed to a minor league deal.
Delmonie Young and the Orioles would have agreed to such a lucrative minor league deal.
You can't just have all your cake, and eat it too.
You just plain can't have your own cake and eat it too.
You can't have eaten all your cake and not eat it too.
You just can't have all of your cake and eat it too.
You can't have your own cake, and eat of it too.
Madonna herself will perform live with Macklemore.
Madonna herself will also perform with Macklemore.
Madonna herself will also perform with Macklemore.
Madonna and herself will perform with Macklemore.
Madonna herself will perform live with Macklemore.
Cisco experienced a very sharp decline in orders in emerging financial markets in during its fiscal Q2.
Cisco experienced a sharp decline in orders in emerging global financial markets in its first fiscal Q2.
Cisco Systems experienced a decline in orders in the emerging technology markets in just its fiscal Q2.
Cisco experienced a decline in orders in the emerging emerging markets in only its first fiscal Q2.
Cisco experienced a sharp decline in customer orders made in emerging markets beginning in its fiscal Q2.
An almost enormous earthquake jolted Delhi.
An almost enormous earthquake jolted Delhi.
An earthquake had already jolted Delhi.
An enormous earthquake had jolted Delhi.
An almost enormous earthquake jolted Delhi.
A young young Canadian man has waged a massive campaign of sexual terror on his ex - fiancée.
A Canadian man has recently unsuccessfully waged a campaigner of sexual terror on his ex - fiancée.
A Canadian maniac has waged a seemingly massive campaign of terror attacks on his ex - fiancée.
A Canadian man has waged a campaigner of extreme sexual terror on his pregnant ex - fiancée.
A ruthless Canadian maniac has waged out such a campaign of terror on his ex - fiancée.
MobStac has also recently raised a $ 2 - million financing from Accel Partners and Cisco.
MobStac has also successfully raised $ $ 2 million financing from both Accel Partners and Cisco.
MobStac has also raised $ 2 million in financing first round from Accel Partners and Cisco.
MobStac has raised $ $. 2 2 million financing from both Accel Partners and Cisco.
MobStac has raised $ 2 - million in financing round from Accel Equity Partners and Cisco.
Melbourne, Aadhaar? project is an example of? project, by using? technology to leapfrog.
Melbourne, Aadhaar, project?? is an example of? using? technology, to leapfrog.
Melbourne, Aadhaar project?? is an example example of? using? technology, to leapfrog.
Melbourne, Australia The Aadhaar project is an example of? project using? project technology to leapfrog.
Melbourne, Aadhaar project? is an example of? using?? technology, similar to leapfrog.
The Bank of New England, has published on its own approach to directly supervising international banks.
The Central Bank of New England has published on it its approach to and supervising international banks.
The Central Bank of England has published on its approach to not only directly supervising international banks.
The Bank of England has published extensively, on developing its own approach to supervising international banks.
The Central Bank of England has also published on it its approach to supervising the international banks.
THE body has been found dead in only half a parked car at Raymond Terrace.
THE body bag has been recently found in a car park at 1 Raymond Terrace.
THE body has only been recently found in a car - park at Raymond Terrace.
THE body has now finally been found, in only a car at Raymond Terrace.
THE body itself, has been found in a car - park at Raymond Terrace.
CombiMatrix Investments Corporation will release its first quarter 2014 financial year results online on Wednesday, May - 7, 2014.
CombiMatrix Corporation will release its official first quarter 2014 financial financial report results on Friday the Wednesday, May 7, 2014.
CombiMatrix Corporation, will release its official first quarter 2014 financial year results on Wednesday, and Friday May 7, 2014.
CombiMatrix Financial Corporation will release its official first quarter of 2014 financial results on approximately a Wednesday, May 7, 2014.
CombiMatrix Corporation will release its official first quarter of 2014 financial results, on Wednesday, May - June 7, 2014.
Egypt is to also shorten up its own curfew by two more hours.
Egypt is forced to shorten out its curfew period by two more hours.
Egypt is required to shorten its own curfew by two or more hours.
Egypt is also forced to shorten its curfew by about two more hours.
Egypt is to shorten its daily curfew period by about two more hours.
Who use, but think the Empire feeds right off of the Republic.
Who they use, nothing but the American Empire feeds off the Republic.
Who use, but think the Empire feeds off most of the Republic.
Who use, but the Empire feeds off of most of the Republic.
Who use, nothing but the Empire that feeds off of the Republic.
Pope Pope Francis has appealed repeatedly for an endpoint to conflict.
Pope Pope Francis has appealed Pope repeatedly for an end to conflict.
Pope Francis has appealed repeatedly for an immediate immediate end to conflict.
Pope Francis Pope Francis has appealed for an endpoint to conflict.
Pope Francis II has repeatedly unsuccessfully appealed for an end to conflict.
Alex Colville, will be remembered for his ability to more fully tap back into the normal human condition.
Alex Colville will probably be almost forever remembered for his ability to tap life back into the human condition.
Alex of Colvilles Manor will be remembered forever for his ability to fully tap into the human condition.
Alex of the Colville will be remembered for his ability to tap into even the most current human condition.
Alex Colville, who will be remembered for using his ability to tap back into the current human condition.
Rita De Ora is the new face and artist of Madonna's line, The Material Girl.
Rita Oraña is the new female face model, of Madonna's line, Material Girl.
Rita Ora is also the new face and model of Madonna's line, The Material Girl.
Rita Ora is the brand new new face of Madonna's line, called The Material Girl.
Rita De Ora is the brand - new new face of Madonna's line, Material Girl.
The US - US Coast Guard has said it had also seized an $ 110 million worth worth of cocaine.
The US US Navy Coast Guard said it had seized over an $ 1105 - million worth of cocaine.
The US US Coast Guard said it had seized over half an $ 110 million net worth worth of cocaine.
The US Coast Guard said it had seized over time an estimated $ $ 110 million barrel worth of cocaine.
The US Army post - US Coast Guard said it had seized an $ 110 - million worth of cocaine.
The 2016 NCAA announced changes made to its NCAA tournament selection process and bracketing process.
The NCAA has announced changes made recently to its NCAA tournament selection and bracketing process.
The NCAA announced the following changes being made to its tournament selection and bracketing process.
The NCAA has also announced changes to its tournament, team selection and bracketing process.
The NCAA also announced changes to both its tournament selection process and its bracketing process.
Credit Union Suisse has agreed not to partially divest its domestic private banking services business, booked to ABN AMRO.
Credit Suisse has agreed to partially divest its domestic private - sector investment banking business, booked to ABN AMRO.
Credit Suisse has agreed to divest almost all of all its domestic private banking services business booked to ABN AMRO.
Credit Suisse has also agreed not to divest of almost all its domestic private banking business booked to ABN AMRO.
Credit Suisse has agreed to fully divest its domestic private sector banking services and business if booked to ABN AMRO.
Arvind Kejriwal arrived back at the main polling booth ready to be cast literally with a bang.
Arvind Kejriwal arrived back at the polling booth ready to cast vote literally with half a bang.
Arvind Singh Kejriwali arrived at the polling station booth to be cast literally with a bang.
Arvind Kejriwal arrived at the polling booth ready to be cast literally out, with a bang.
Arvind Kejriwal had arrived at the polling booth to have cast his vote literally with a bang.
Sepprecht Blatter has also congratulated Dynamos.
Sepprecht Blatter has also congratulated Dynamos.
Sepp Blatters has also congratulated Dynamos.
Sepp Blatter has also publicly congratulated Dynamos.
Sepprecht - Blatter has congratulated Dynamos.
The Brazilian real was weaker as the dollar had gained on all the hopes, of winning an Washington deal.
The new Brazilian real was weaker, as the dollar was not gained on hopes made of an Washington deal.
The Brazilian real was much weaker as the dollar gained ground on the hopes of winning an important Washington deal.
The new Brazilian real was weaker as the US dollar gained on their hopes of winning in an Washington deal.
The Brazilian real was much weaker, as the dollar gained on hopes of Brazil eventually winning an Washington deal.
Shrien and Dewani intend to appeal his own possible extradition to South Africa.
Shrien and Dewani intend not likely to appeal his extradition to South Africa.
Shrien Dewani intends not to ever appeal his extradition to South Africa.
Shrien and Dewani intend to appeal in his extradition case to South Africa.
Shrien and Dewani intend to appeal his extradition case to apartheid South Africa.
Washington has now officially joined China in a global settlement.
Washington has by now joined in creating a global settlement.
Washington has now been joined in creating a global settlement.
Washington State has been joined together in a global settlement.
Washington State has joined in, creating a global settlement.
Robin van Persie also has tormented the Arsenal once again.
Robin and van Persie have also tormented Arsenal once again.
Robin van Persie was tormented at Arsenal Stadium once again.
Robin van der Persie also tormented the Arsenal once again.
Robin van der Persie tormented Arsenal football fans once again.
The fate of a new warehouse could not possibly be decided next month.
The fate of a warehouse - owner could be decided by next month.
The fates of a warehouse crew member could be decided next month.
The fate of a warehouse, owner, could be decided next month.
The fates of a new warehouse could be easily decided next month.
Britney - Spears feels much more like a crazy mom.
Britney - Spears feels more like being a crazy mom.
Britney - Spears feels like being a complete crazy mom.
Britney Spears - Spears feels more like a crazy mom.
Britney - Spears often feels like being a crazy mom.
Warner Bros has also announced the release date Of : : The game.
Warner Music Bros has not announced the release date. Of The game.
Warner Bros has announced that is the release date Of : The game.
Warner Bros has not announced the release and date Of Making The game.
Warner Bros has announced both the official release and date Of The game.
Bismarck crews will continue on with fire and hydrant repairs.
Bismarck fire crews also will continue with fire hydrant repairs.
Bismarck fire crews also, will continue fire hydrant repairs.
Bismarck crews also, will continue fire and hydrant repairs.
Bismarck crews will also help continue fire and hydrant repairs.
Jadeveon Clowney, has since returned to practice.
Jadeveon Clowney has since returned home to practice.
Jadeveon Clowney has since also returned to practice.
Jadeveon Clowney, has since returned to practice.
Jadeveon and Clowney has returned home to practice.
WATERBURY : A school teacher accused of sexually sexually assaulting a female student turned in.
WATERBURY A teacher accused of sexually assaulting of a female college student is turned in.
WATERBURY A teacher falsely accused of sexually assaulting of a female student is turned in.
WATERBURY A school teacher falsely falsely accused of sexually assaulting a student is turned in.
WATERBURYS : A school teacher accused of sexually assaulting a student is turned in.
Millie Mackintosh has also been spotted in the company Rare London's first Limited Edition tailored jumpsuit.
Millie Ann Mackintosh has been spotted in the Rare Earth in London's Limited Edition tailored jumpsuit.
Millie Mackintosh, who has recently been spotted in Rare London's Limited - Edition tailored jumpsuit.
Millie Mackintosh has also been spotted in the Rare in London's Limited Edition, tailored jumpsuit.
Millie Mackintosh has been recently being spotted in Rare in London's Limited - Edition tailored jumpsuit.
An Indianapolis community center, that it is rebuilding one year after a explosion killed.
An Indianapolis community is rebuilding about half exactly the one year after a explosion killed.
An Indianapolis retirement community is rebuilding one year after having a nuclear bomb explosion killed.
An Indianapolis community health center that is rebuilding one full year after a explosion killed.
An Indianapolis community center that is only currently rebuilding one year after a explosion killed.
A vintage North American military group, it will move to Dallas.
A vintage military aviation group, will soon after move to Dallas.
A vintage military aviation group, and it will move to Dallas.
A very vintage military group, it too will move to Dallas.
A vintage military group, it will soon be move to Dallas.
A Burger King restaurant staff customer was later also arrested after calling 911 over a wrong order.
A Burger King restaurant customer was also arrested, after calling to 911 over a wrong order.
A former Burger King customer, was later arrested after allegedly calling 911 over a wrong order.
A Burger King customer also was arrested, after calling 911 over allegedly getting a wrong order.
A Burger King customer also was arrested after allegedly allegedly repeatedly calling 911 over a wrong order.
Including, World World of Warcraft has seen its number and number of paid subscribers drop to just 7. 7 million.
Including World of Warcraft has seen that, its number of subscribers almost always drop to just just 7. 7 million.
Including the World War versions of World Warcraft it has seen its number of subscribers drop to just 7. 7 million.
Including World World World of Warcraft has seen its number number of subscribers drop to just just over 7. 7 million.
Including, World of Warcraft has since seen that its total number of subscribers will drop to just 7. 7 million.
BMW denied it had engaged in any other unlawful employment practices.
BMW has denied that it engaged in any unlawful employment practices.
BMW denied it engaged in unlawful, illegal private employment practices.
BMW denied that because it engaged itself in unlawful employment practices.
BMW denied that it engaged in unlawful, private employment practices.
AXA Private Equity Limited has long since been rebranded as Ardian.
AXA Private - Equity has been officially rebranded again as Ardian.
AXA Private Private Private Equity has been rebranded again as Ardian.
AXA Global Private Equity has been officially rebranded again as Ardian.
AXA - Private Private Equity has been rebranded again as Ardian.
Americans are living here much longer than ever.
Americans who are now living longer than ever.
Americans who are living longer lives than ever.
Americans are now probably living longer than ever.
Americans are living longer lives now than ever.
A sinkhole has collapsed part of building the National Historic Site Corvette Museum in Kentucky.
A large sinkhole collapsed part of building the the Smithsonian National Corvette Museum in Kentucky.
A sinkhole has also collapsed part of the National Corvette and Maritime Museum in Kentucky.
A very large sinkhole has collapsed part of the Smithsonian National Corvette Museum in Kentucky.
A large sinkhole collapsed partway of the nearby Smithsonian National Corvette Museum in Kentucky.
First Choice Emergency Emergency Emergency Room will open a new facility located in Garland, Texas.
First Choice Medical Emergency Room will also be open a facility in North Garland, Texas.
First - Choice Emergency Room The Emergency Room will open a facility in Garland, Texas.
First Choice Emergency Emergency Room will open in a facility in North West Garland, Texas.
First - Choice Emergency Emergency Emergency Room will open a facility in North Garland, Texas.
Klarna has raised €. 9057 million, mainly in order to help finance the acquisition of SOFORT.
Klarna has also raised € 90 million, 000 in an order to help to finance the acquisition of SOFORT.
Klarna has since then also raised over € 90 million, in an order to finance the acquisition of SOFORT.
Klarna has raised about €. 90 million, mostly in order to finance the land acquisition process of SOFORT.
Klarna Group has raised €. 902 million, 000 in order to help finance the acquisition of SOFORT.
The Kentucky Humane Boat Society's resorts are offering free pleasure boat boardings for dogs.
The Western Kentucky Humane Society Society's dog resorts are offering free dog boarding for dogs.
The Western and Kentucky Humane Society's resorts also are now offering free boarding for dogs.
The Kentucky State Humane Society's dog resorts also are now offering free boarding for dogs.
The Kentucky State Humane Society's resorts there, are also offering free boarding for dogs.
The very first Latvian national euro coins will also be minted this week.
The first two Latvian - national euro coins will be minted this week.
The very very first Latvian euro - coins will be minted this week.
The first Latvian national and euro - coins will be minted this week.
The very first Latvian euro coins, will also be minted this week.
A Jersey based Mike's and Subs franchise opened up in the Boston area of Suffolk.
A Jersey based Mike's Subs franchise opened in 2006 in the Boston area of Suffolk.
A Jersey Mike's and Subs franchise was opened in the area south east of Suffolk.
A new New Jersey Mike's Subs. franchise opened in the area south of Suffolk.
A Jersey based Mike's Subs franchise has opened up in around the area of Suffolk.
Priyanka and Chopra who also was seen bonding with Alia Bhatt.
Priyanka and Raj Chopra also was seen bonding with Alia Bhatt.
Priyanka Chopra, who was also seen bonding with Alia Bhatt.
Priyanka Chopra, was also seen bonding with actress Alia Bhatt.
Priyanka Chopra was also widely seen as bonding with Alia Bhatt.
A young SECOND man who has died from causing a bus crash.
A SECOND young black man has just died from a bus crash.
A young SECOND man has only just died from a bus crash.
A SECOND man has just recently died from a school bus crash.
A young SECOND young man has died from causing a bus crash.
Grassley also criticized President Obama for the budget.
Grassley also publicly criticized Obama for the budget.
Grassley also criticized Obama for cutting the budget.
Grassley also criticized President Obama for the budget.
Grassley criticized Obamacare for cutting the budget.
Italy edged closer only to qualifying for the Rugby World Cup that year as there, it defeated Bulgaria.
Italy edged it even closer, to avoid qualifying for the World Team Cup year as it defeated Bulgaria.
Italy also edged closer to qualifying for the World Cup year, as far from there it defeated Bulgaria.
Italy also edged closer to qualifying for the next World Cup that year as from there it defeated Bulgaria.
Italy also edged closer to qualifying for qualification to the World Team Cup year as there it defeated Bulgaria.
Police have also seized over $ 2. 5 million dollars worth of property.
Police have seized a $ 2. 5 million net worth worth of property.
Police may have also seized $ $ 2. 5 million worth of property.
Police also may have seized $ 2. 5 - million worth of property.
Police may have seized over $ 2. 5 - million worth of property.
Guy Demele is very close to finally making a return.
Guy Demel is close enough to making of it a return.
Guy de Demel is very close to finally making a return.
Guy Demele is very close to making it a return.
Guyon de Demel is very close to making a return.
Facebook may also launch a news reading subscription service exclusively for mobile devices.
Facebook may launch a news reading service for their own personal mobile devices.
Facebook may launch a news reading service, exclusively for their mobile devices.
Facebook may launch a free news - reading subscription service for mobile devices.
Facebook may launch a new free news reading subscription service for mobile devices.
Apple is being forced to change up its consumer refund payment policy to be more fit under Australian consumer law.
Apple is being increasingly forced to change its consumer refund policy to fit under to meet the Australian consumer law.
Apple is also currently being forced to voluntarily change up its refund policy to fit it under Australian consumer law.
Apple Australia is currently being legally being forced to change its refund policy to be fit under Australian consumer law.
Apple Australia is being forced to change its consumer - based refund policy to fit under Australian federal consumer law.
Ted Cruz, will renounces his US Canadian citizenship.
Tedo - Cruz will also renounce his Canadian citizenship.
Tedo Cruz, will renounce his US Canadian citizenship.
Tedo Cruze himself will renounce his Canadian citizenship.
Ted Cruz, himself will renounces his Canadian citizenship.
The dukes and duchess of Cambridge will make their visit here, and to Australia.
The duke and duchess of Lady Cambridge will make their very first visit here to Australia.
The new duke and duchesses of Cambridge will also make it their visit to Australia.
The new duke and duchess of Cambridge Cambridge will make their very first visit to Australia.
The two new duke and duchesses of Cambridge will make their first visit to Australia.
Lyle & David - Scott will also collaborate with Jonathan Saunders.
Lyles & Scott will also occasionally collaborate with Jonathan Saunders.
Lyle & David Scotty will also collaborate with Jonathan Saunders.
Lyle & David David Scott will collaborate again with Jonathan Saunders.
Lyle & Scott will also collaborate with record producer Jonathan Saunders.
The ongoing Syrian war cost many Istanbul votes.
The ongoing Syrian civil war cost Istanbul votes.
The Syrian civil war cost many Istanbul votes.
The Syrian civil - war cost Istanbul votes.
The Syrian war has also cost Istanbul votes.
Phish fans is coming out to the Glens Falls County Civic Center annually on Wednesday night.
Phish is coming to visit the Glens Falls County Civic Center late on a Wednesday night.
Phish is also seen coming to the Glens Falls Falls Civic Center annually on Wednesday night.
Phish fans is coming to visit the Glens Falls Falls Civic Center on a Wednesday night.
Phish fans is coming to the Glens Falls Civic Center, very late on Wednesday night.
Dennis - Woodside is leaving Motorola and joining Global Mobility for the position over Dropbox.
Dennis Woodside, who is now leaving Motorola Mobility for the second position over Dropbox.
Dennis Woodside, who now is leaving Motorola and Mobility for the position over Dropbox.
Dennis Woodside is leaving Motorola Mobility for the final, second position, over Dropbox.
Dennis, Woodside, is leaving Motorola and Mobility Systems for the position over Dropbox.
Six other envoys yesterday presented to me their letters of credence.
Six envoys yesterday presented to me their letters full of credence.
Six envoys from yesterday morning presented their letters full of credence.
Sixteen thousand other envoys yesterday presented their letters of credence.
Six envoys returning from yesterday presented me their letters of credence.
Easton residents, were selected to also perform roles in Matilda the Nutcracker.
Easton residents, who were selected, to perform in Matilda the Nutcracker.
Easton, residents, were also selected, to perform in the Nutcracker.
Easton residents, and who were selected to perform in Matilda the Nutcracker.
Easton, residents, were also selected to perform roles in the Nutcracker.
Eagles'wide - receiver, Jeremy Maclin was carted off after injuring his knee.
Eagles wide - receiver, quarterback Jeremy Lee Maclin was carted after injuring his knee.
Eagles'wide receiver, Jeremy Maclin, was carted after severely injuring his knee.
Eagles wide receiver Jeremy Maclin was carted safely away after severely severely injuring his knee.
Eagles'wide wide - receiver Jeremy Maclin was carted after severely injuring his knee.
Jonny Bruning also testified twice before a Senate committee.
Jon Bruning testified before such a US Senate Senate committee.
Jonny Bruning has testified twice before a Senate committee.
Jonny Bruning testified before such such a Senate committee.
Jon Bruning testified before in a joint US Senate committee.
Rainfalls that fall will sweep China.
Rainfalls that fall will sweep China.
Rainfalls that fall will sweep China.
Rainfalls that fall will sweep China.
Rainfalls like that will sweep China.
A potential fifth Adamson Chemical Produce Company official faces charges involved in a scheme designed to defraud the government.
A fifth Adams Produce Company official faces serious corruption charges in running a scheme to defraud employees by the government.
A fifth Adams Produce Products Company official also now faces corruption charges involved in a scheme to defraud the government.
A fifth Adams Produce Company official faces corruption and charges in a government corruption management scheme to defraud the government.
A fifth North - Adams Produce Company government official also faces charges in a corruption scheme to defraud the government.
The Payments Council is forecasting a new, bumpered Christmas for retailers.
The Payments Council is forecasting on a bumper Christmas shopping holiday for retailers.
The Payments Council is also forecasting a bumper for next Christmas for retailers.
The National Payments Council is also currently forecasting a bumper Christmas for retailers.
The Payments Advisory Council also is forecasting a new bumper Christmas for retailers.
Jon Jones will be also being featured on the front page cover of EA Sports UFC.
Jon Jones, will also later be also featured on the cover of EA Sports UFC.
Jonny Jones, will be featured prominently on the cover of EA Sports Sports UFC.
Jon Jones will also be featured working on designing the cover art of EA Sports UFC.
Jonny Jones will also be featured prominently on the cover of EA Sports Sports UFC.
Jalimadi Kanuteh, which launched his solo debut album.
Jalimadi, with Kanuteh, launched his debut album.
Jalimadi, Kanuteh, also launched his debut album.
Jalimadi Kanuteh, was launched as his debut album.
Jalimadi, Kanuteh, launched his solo debut album.
HCC Insurance Holdings SVP Randy and John D. Rinicella sold 6, 500 shares'worth'of HCC Insurance Holdings stock.
HCC Insurance Holdings SVP CEO Randy D. De Rinicella sold over 6, 000 500 shares of HCC Life Insurance Holdings stock.
HCC Life Insurance Holdings SVP Randy D. Martini De Rinicella sold 6, 500 shares of HCC Insurance Company Holdings stock.
HCC Insurance Holdings shareholders SVP, Randy and D. Rinicella sold 6, 000 500 shares of HCC Insurance Holdings Holdings stock.
HCC Insurance Holdings SVP Randy D. De La Rinicella sold 6, 500 new shares out of the HCC Insurance Holdings stock.
Bill and Paxton visited Sam Houston Texas Polytechnic State University.
Bill and Bill Paxton visited Sam Sam Houston State University.
Bill Paxton visited Sam Sam Houston Texas Polytechnic State University.
Bill Paxton visited the Sam Houston - Houston State University.
Bill and Bill Paxton visited the Sam Houston State University.
A single former or former Cinnabon College employee was convicted of theft and false reporting.
A former Cinnabon Corporation senior employee was also convicted twice of theft and false reporting.
A former former Cinnabon employee, was convicted of twice of theft and false reporting.
A former Cinnabon employee who was also convicted twice, of theft and false reporting.
A former Cinnabon employee, he was convicted of identity - theft and false reporting.
Her first American marriage, did however not have a shot.
Her first marriage did her not really even have a shot.
Her first marriage, did her not even have a shot.
Her very first marriage she did not even have a shot.
Her first marriage did not really have quite had a shot.
Prem Chopra also inaugurated an art exhibition labeled as KrishnAnsh, being held in the capital Mumbai.
Prem Chopra inaugurated an international art history exhibition, labeled KrishnAnsh held in the Indian capital Mumbai.
Prem Chopra has also inaugurated at an art exhibition labeled KrishnAnsh held in the Indian capital Mumbai.
Prem Chopra inaugurated an international art exhibition labeled KrishnAnsh held annually held in in the capital Mumbai.
Prem Chopra inaugurated an international contemporary art exhibition labeled KrishnAnsh held almost annually in the capital Mumbai.
The Indian rupee ended weaker at Rs 61. 44.
The rupee ended up weaker, at 61. 44.
The rupee ended weaker, at $ 61. 44.
The rupee share also ended weaker at 61. 44.
The West Indian rupee ended weaker at 61. 44.
Novatel Wireless has just today announced it is considering implementing restructuring initiatives.
Novatel Wireless has just today announced it is implementing several restructuring initiatives.
Novatel Wireless today announced it too and is currently implementing restructuring initiatives.
Novatel Wireless today has announced it is implementing several major restructuring initiatives.
Novatels Wireless today announced it, is implementing several restructuring initiatives.
Mario Andretti also made only a brief pit stop in Fredericton.
Mario Andretti made it to make a pit stop in Fredericton.
Mario Mario Andretti made for a pit - stop in Fredericton.
Mario Mario Andretti had also made a pit stop in Fredericton.
Mario Mario Andretti made a pit - stop late in Fredericton.
Parish Priest blong Roman Catholic Church long in Lorengau, long on Manus Island ( i tok ino save.
Parish Priest blong Catholic Church long located in Lorengau, long located Manuscript Island i tok ino save.
Parish of the Priest blong Catholic Church, long Lorengau, long Manus Island ik tok ino save.
Parish Priest blong Catholic Parish Church ( long : Lorengau long Manus Island i tok - ino save.
Parish Priest blong. Roman Catholic Church long Lorengau long Manuscript Island ( ik tok ino save.
Guard, Natel Robinson, will also live tweet an replay of, his Game 4 performance against, the Brooklyn Nets.
Guard Natel Robinson will live tweet an instant replay of " his Game 4 winning performance against " the visiting Brooklyn Nets.
Guard Natel - Robinson, will live out the tweet with an replay of his Game 4 performance against the Brooklyn Nets.
Guard, Nate Robinson, will live tweet with an replay of his Game 4 performance, also against rivals the Brooklyn Nets.
Guard, Nate Robinson, will live tweet with an instant replay of his Game 4 performance against,, the Brooklyn Nets.
Military forces from both the neighboring United States and mainland China will also get cozy.
Military security forces coming in from the United States and mainland China will get cozy.
Military forces are coming from outside the United States and China will not get cozy.
Military security forces from the United - States and mainland China will also get cozy.
Military and security forces from the United States, and mainland China will get cozy.
Vimbly also announces the expansion to also more fully include the the sailing and water adventures.
Vimbly announces the new expansion to include all of the the latest sailing and water adventures.
Vimbly also announces the expansion to include the the latest sailing boat adventures and water adventures.
Vimbly announces is the very latest expansion to include the the sailing and the water adventures.
Vimbly also announces the expansion with plans to include the the sailing and the water adventures.
Over another 2, 000 servicemen have been forcibly withdrawn overseas from Crimea.
Over another 2, 000 Russian servicemen have since been withdrawn from Crimea.
Over 2, 000 000 Russian servicemen have been forcibly withdrawn from Crimea.
Over 2, 000 000 servicemen may have been forcibly withdrawn from Crimea.
Over 2, 000 Russian military servicemen have been withdrawn overseas from Crimea.
Sub sub - Saharan Africa Mobile Market is set to remain the world's fastest growing mobile mobile market.
Sub sub - Saharan South Africa is set up to remain the world's fastest growing mobile mobile market.
Sub - Saharan Africa Mobile is set to remain in the developing world's fastest growing mobile mobile market.
Sub - Saharan Africa is set up to forever remain the world's second fastest - growing mobile market.
Sub - Sub Saharan Africa is set to remain as the developing world's fastest - growing mobile market.
A woman hostage was also reportedly taken and she was charged for stealing $ 534 in goods from Park Ridge library.
A woman was also taken and charged for allegedly allegedly stealing over US $ 534 in goods from Park Ridge library.
A woman was taken and charged for allegedly allegedly stealing $ 534 in goods from Parkwood - Park Ridge library.
A woman was taken and charged, for allegedly stealing US $ $ 534 million in goods from Park Ridge library.
A young woman was taken and she was charged for stealing $ 534 million in stolen goods from Park Ridge library.
Pete Seeger, the last troubadour, died on Monday, aged 94.
Petey Seeger, the troubadour died on Monday, 2008 aged 94.
Pete Seeger, the troubadour, had died on Easter Monday aged 94.
Pete Seeger, the troubadour died suddenly on Monday, 2008 aged 94.
Pete Seeger, formerly the troubadour, had died on Monday aged 94.
The Muzaffarnagar riots are much worse than the February 2002 South Gujarat riots.
The Muzaffarnagar riots are worse than in fact the February 2002 Gujarat riots.
The 2003 Muzaffarnagar riots, are worse than the 2002 South Gujarat riots.
The Muzaffarnagar Gujarat riots are much worse than the 2002 South Gujarat riots.
The Muzaffarnagar Gujarati riots are much worse than the 2002 Gujarat riots.
Craig Thomson has been also subsequently sentenced to over 12 months'jail.
Craig - Thomson has been sentenced to 12 - months'' jail.
Craig - James James Thomson has been sentenced to 12 months'jail.
Craig Thomson, has also been subsequently sentenced to 12 months'jail.
Craig - James Thomson has also been sentenced to 12 months'jail.
The Indian justice system system, has spoken.
The Indian criminal justice system also has spoken.
The modern Indian criminal justice system has spoken.
The Indian justice system also often has spoken.
The Indian criminal justice system system has spoken.
Trail Trail Blazers point guard, Damian Lillard, will opt out of his brand new Adidas deal, a report says.
Trail Blazers point guard, Damian Lillard will likely opt out because because of his new Adidas deal, a report says.
Trail Blazers point - guard Damian Lillardi will likely opt him out of his new Adidas deal, a report says.
Trail Blazers point guard, Damiano, Lillard will opt out of his Adidas deal, as a news report says.
Trail Blazers point guard, Damian Lillard will opt out because because of his Adidas endorsement deal, a news report says.
Dead Rising issue # 3 was.
Dead Rising issue # 3 was.
Deadly Rising # 3 was.
Deadly Rising # 3 was.
Deadly and Rising 3 was.
Fort Lewis Jefferson Davis National Historic Site re - opens annually to visitors.
Fort Jefferson, Davis'National Historic Site re - opens to visitors.
Fort Jefferson Davis National Historic Site re - opens almost annually to visitors.
Fort Davis'National Historic Site retrofit - opens to visitors.
Fort Davis National Historic Landmark Site re - opens almost annually to visitors.
John McCririck has since lost in his age discrimination discrimination court case against Channel 4.
John McCririck has since lost in his age discrimination court case against the Channel 4.
John McCririck has also lost his own age discrimination in court case against Channel 4.
John - Paul Paul John McCririck has lost his age discrimination case against Channel 4.
John McCririck has lost his age - discrimination case, fighting successfully against Channel 4.
Drug may help some heavy alcohol but some drinkers cut back.
Drug may also help some heavy alcohol drinkers to cut back.
Drug may also also help help some heavy drinkers cut back.
Drug may also help some heavy - alcohol drinkers cut back.
Drug may also help make some more heavy drinkers cut back.
Ahead, the Hassan - Rouhani, has been called for for a constructive interaction.
Ahead, the Hassan - Rouhani, has called for creating a more constructive interaction.
Ahead, writing in the Hassan Rouhani, has called for such a constructive interaction.
Ahead, the Hassan Rouhani, he has also called for such a constructive interaction.
Ahead, the Hassan Rouhani, has called out for such as a constructive interaction.
Activists also destroyed a large 9 / 11 memorial, they said, to further protest American land conquest and colonialism.
Activists destroyed a 9 / 11 memorial, as they have often said, to protest American conquests and colonialism.
Activists also destroyed a 9 / 11 memorial, they said, designed to protest American land - conquest and colonialism.
Activists destroyed a 9 / 11 memorial, they said, to protest against the American American land conquest and colonialism.
Activists destroyed a very large 9 / 11 memorial, they have said, to protest American conquests and colonialism.
A family consisting of four hundred Syrian Muslim refugees has arrived in Austria.
A family of twenty four Syrian refugees, has arrived back in Austria.
A family of four hundred Syrian refugees has recently also arrived in Austria.
A family consisting of the four Syrian refugees, has arrived in Austria.
A family of twenty four, Syrian refugees, has arrived in Austria.
The Smashing Pumpkins will also reissue their 1998 Adore as an set, including the three new bonus discs of their previously unreleased music.
The Smashing Pumpkins will reissue their 1998 Adore as an set, also including the first three bonus compact discs consisting of unreleased music.
The Smashing - Glass Pumpkins will reissue in their 1998 Adore as such an set, including three bonus compact discs of unreleased music.
The Smashing Pumpkins will reissue their 1998 Adore album as " an set, " while also including three bonus discs of unreleased music.
The Smashing Pumpkins will reissue of their 1998 Adore as such as an set, while also also including three discs of unreleased music.
Multiple forest fires have started along with the Salmon River.
Multiple forest fires started along the lower Little Salmon River.
Multiple forest fires may have started along the Salmon River.
Multiple major forest fires started along with the Salmon River.
Multiple fires started all way along along the Salmon River.
Spectrographic, is now offering full laboratory installations for the aerospace industries all way across to the UK.
Spectrographic, is now offering full laboratory installations for all of the aerospace industries across to the UK.
Spectrographic, is also now offering its full laboratory installations exclusively for the aerospace industries across the UK.
Spectrographic, is now also offering new full laboratory installations for aerospace industries all across to the UK.
Spectrographic, is now offering full - scale laboratory test installations for the aerospace industries across the UK.
A whole whole state must have some secrets, " he said.
A whole state must have some secrets, too " he said.
A whole whole state government must have some secrets, he said.
A secret state must always always have some secrets, he said.
A state official must also have kept some secrets, he said.
Three UK has altered all of their air tethering tariffs.
Three countries : UK has not altered their tethering tariffs.
Three Rivers UK has also significantly altered their tethering tariffs.
Three UK states, which has altered their tethering tariffs.
Three UK has also altered all their existing tethering tariffs.
Kenny Rogers was also posthumously inducted into the Canadian Country Music Hall Hall of Fame.
Kenny Rogers III was inducted posthumously into the Canadian Country Music Association Hall of Fame.
Kenny Rogers Kenny Rogers was inducted posthumously into the Country Recorded Music Hall of Fame.
Kenny Rogers was inducted posthumously into both the Country Music Association Hall Hall of Fame.
Kenny Rogers III was inducted posthumously into the American Country Music Association Hall of Fame.
A Canfield student won prize money as he also competed in tuition money.
A Canfield student also won money as he also competed in tuition money.
A Canfield student won as well he also competed in the tuition money.
A Canfield College student won money as well he competed in tuition money.
A former Canfield University student won as well he competed in tuition money.
Italian lawmakers sought ways to head off a fully legalized showdown over to the future of Silvio Berlusconi.
Italian lawmakers also sought to head off a showdown dispute over the political futures plans of Silvio Berlusconi.
Italian lawmakers have sought to head off a legalized showdown over to the future government of Silvio Berlusconi.
Italian lawmakers may have sought ways to finally help head off a showdown over the future of Silvio Berlusconi.
Italian Mafia lawmakers sought ways together to head off a single final showdown over the future of Silvio Berlusconi.
Major - League Baseball will also bring the honor on the 50th anniversary celebration of the March on Washington during Civil Rights Game weekend.
Major League Baseball Baseball will honor on it the 50th anniversary of the historic 1968 March on George Washington during Civil Rights Game weekend.
Major - League Baseball will honor the 50th anniversary celebration of the second most historic March on Washington, during Civil Rights Game weekend.
Major League Baseball fans will honor the 50th anniversary of holding the Marches on Washington Square Park, during Civil Rights Game weekend.
Major - Negro League Baseball will honor the then upcoming 50th anniversary of the March on George Washington during Civil Rights Day Game weekend.
Time to stock up on getting back all those stamps.
Time to go go stock up on all those stamps.
Time to stock up again, focus on those stamps.
Time to stockpile - him up on those stamps.
Time to go stock up again on all those stamps.
Kimberley Kardashian has also revealed her upcoming wedding ceremony to rapper, Kanye West will be small and intimate.
Kim Kardashian also has revealed that her wedding to rapper, Kanye West, will be small, and intimate.
Kim Kardashian, has revealed that her wedding to rapper Kanye West West will not only be small and intimate.
Kimi Kardashian has revealed her wedding ceremony to rapper, Kanye West West will be very small and intimate.
Kim Kardashian has also revealed her upcoming wedding to rapper Kanye West will also not only be small and intimate.
A fake international travel agent card was booked.
A fake travel - agency agent was booked.
A fake travel - agency agent was booked.
A fake international travel agent card was booked.
A fake travel - agent card was booked.
A 24 year old American foreign tourist has been recently being detained while illegally in North Korea for improper behavior.
A young 24 year old American foreign tourist who has recently been detained in the North Korea for improper behavior.
A 24 year - old old American foreign tourist has been detained in North - Korea allegedly for improper behavior.
A young, 24 year old American tourist has been detained illegally in the North Korea for alleged improper behavior.
A 24 year old South American tourist, one who escaped has been detained in North Korea for improper behavior.
You can not even truly heal until after you feel.
You can also not heal from yourself until you feel.
You just... can not truly heal until you feel.
You really can just not heal yourself until you feel.
You can not truly heal until after what you feel.
Former Minister Yasuo Ichikawa, a member, is almost certain not to eventually lose his own upper - house seat.
Former Minister Yasuo Ichikawa, as a member, is certain not of wanting him to lose his upper house seat.
Former Prime Minister, Yasuo Abe no Ichikawa, a member, is certain to eventually lose his upper house seat.
Former Minister Yasuo Ichikawa, is a member, who now is almost certain to lose back his upper house seat.
Former Minister Yasuo no Ichikawa, a member, is certain to lose his own upper - - level house seat.
Beijing has almost zero crime tolerance for corruption.
Beijing has almost zero crime tolerance for corruption.
Beijing also has almost zero tolerance for corruption.
Beijing has zero - tolerance policy for corruption.
Beijing has almost zero tolerances for corruption.
Bayern Munich - FC has threatened its holders with ordering the cancellation of their season tickets.
Bayern - Munich has threatened, its ticket holders, with cancellation of their season tickets.
Bayern Munich has threatened all of its ticket holders with cancellation of their own season tickets.
Bayern Bayern Munich FC has threatened its ticket holders, with cancellation of their season tickets.
Bayern Munich has also threatened all its holders with the cancellations of their season tickets.
Cecilia Yip and later her first husband, Chan Kwok - Hei celebrated their 25th anniversary.
Cecilia Yip and her husband, Chan - Chi Kwok Hei also celebrated their 25th anniversary.
Cecilia Yip and her husband Chan Chiu Kwok Hei also officially celebrated their 25th anniversary.
Cecilia Cheung - Yip and her husband, Chan Kwok Hei also celebrated their 25th anniversary.
Cecilia Cheung - Yip and her husband, Chan Kwok Hei, celebrated their 25th anniversary.
Irrawaddy Princess and Pearl River Cruises, will operate as a new luxury cruise line.
Irrawaddy Princess River Cruises will also operate a new luxury and luxury cruise cruise line.
Irrawaddy Princess and River Cruises will operate as a new international luxury luxury cruise line.
Irrawaddy - Princess River Cruises will operate as such a brand new luxury cruise line.
Irrawaddy Princess River Cruises Ltd will operate a new luxury, Royal Caribbean cruise line.
Tributes are flowing for Wendy Hughes, who most recently also has died.
Tributes are flowing in for poor Wendy Hughes, someone who has died.
Tributes are flowing out except for Wendy Hughes, who apparently has died.
Tributes also are flowing for Wendy Ann Hughes, who recently has died.
Tributes that also are flowing for Wendy Ann Hughes, who has died.
Exide Industries jumped it all out after two brokerages upgraded.
Exidel Industries also jumped after two mortgage brokerages upgraded.
Exide Industries jumped after two other major mortgage brokerages upgraded.
Exide Industries prices jumped after the first two brokerages upgraded.
Exidel Industries was jumped after two new brokerages upgraded.
New - Zealand is also wooing Chinese visitors.
New - Zealand is also wooing Chinese visitors.
New Zealand is wooing all the Chinese visitors.
New - Zealand is wooing the Chinese visitors.
New Zealand Police is also wooing Chinese visitors.
The expansion New York Yankees organization may have made a new contract offer to Joe Girardi.
The expansion New York Yankees have also made up a possible contract offer to Joe Girardi.
The expansion New - York League Yankees have made a contract extension offer to Joe Girardi.
The New York League Yankees may also have made a contract offer to sign Joe Girardi.
The expansion New York Yankees have made a new contractual offer to sign Joe Girardi.
Cricket, and the sport is also being used to market American Tobacco products.
Cricket, the national sport is still being used to market American Tobacco products.
Cricket, as the sport is being used, to market American Tobacco products.
Cricket, as the sport is being increasingly increasingly used to market Tobacco products.
Cricket, as the major international sport is being used to market Tobacco products.
Residents living at a nearby apartment building complex were stung repeatedly by bees after a tree fell.
Residents at a apartment complex nearby were stung by bees shortly after when a nearby tree fell.
Residents at a large apartment building complex nearby were stung repeatedly by bees after a tree fell.
Residents at a nearby apartment building complex, were reportedly stung by bees after a tree fell.
Residents at such a apartment building complex often were stung repeatedly by bees after a tree fell.
Ukip has surged back back into the lead again in the 2014 European election contest.
Ukip has surged back up into the lead again in winning the European election contest.
Ukip has surged into the national lead in 2012 winning the European Parliament election contest.
Ukip has recently surged into the national lead in the European Parliament general election contest.
Ukip has surged into taking over the overall lead in the European Parliament election contest.
Human remains were found buried nearby, in a area in Logan County.
Human skeletal remains also were found in a area located in Logan County.
Human remains were found buried in only a rural area in Logan County.
Human remains were found in such small a area as in Logan County.
Human remains were found in a remote rural area in northern Logan County.
Outages left many thousands homeless without power.
Outages left thousands or more without power.
Outages had left thousands more without power.
Outages left many thousands more without power.
Outages had left many thousands without power.
Joliet underwent surgery.
Joliet underwent surgery.
Joliet underwent surgery.
Joliet underwent surgery.
Joliet underwent surgery.
Vincent Brownlees is back practicing.
Vincent Brown is also now back practicing.
Vincente Brownlee is back practicing.
Vincente - Brown is back practicing.
Vincent Brownlee is now back practicing.
New Zealand had yet to really dig deep.
New Zealand had yet to really dig deep.
New Zealand had yet begun to dig deep.
New Zealand had yet begun to dig deep.
New - Zealanders had to dig deep.
A massive vehicle theft racket, was unearthed.
A vehicle - theft racket that was unearthed.
A massive vehicle thefts racket was unearthed.
A massive vehicle - theft racket was unearthed.
A very massive vehicle theft racket was unearthed.
A mysterious young Bozeman man is found tonight accused of stalking an American elementary student.
A young Bozeman maniac is tonight accused once again of stalking an elementary student.
A Bozeman maniac is tonight being accused again of stalking an innocent elementary student.
A Bozeman the man is coming here tonight accused him of stalking an elementary student.
A young Bozeman black man who is tonight accused of stalking an American elementary student.
Districts are at high - risk of losing in state funding, due to implementing a proposed new rule.
Districts also are at risk of losing in - state funding due to implementing a recently proposed new rule.
Districts are also at risk because of losing millions dollars in state funding due primarily to a new rule.
Districts statewide are at high risk of automatically losing in - state stimulus funding due to a new rule.
Districts also are at risk of losing millions in state education system funding, due to a new rule.
Zac Efron also personally designs his tattoos.
Zac - El Efron designs his tattoos.
Zac - Efron also designs his tattoos.
Zac and Efron also designs his tattoos.
Zac and Efron also designs his tattoos.
Congressman John - Ralph Hall is requesting his pay to be withheld.
Congressman John - Ralph Hall is requesting his pay to be withheld.
Congressman William - Ralph Hall is requesting that his pay be withheld.
Congressman Ralph Lee Hall is also requesting his college pay be withheld.
Congressman William Ralph Hall is heard requesting that his pay be withheld.
Australia also will also not deport all asylum - seekers who arrive to Papua New Guinea.
Australia will deport all asylum - seekers, who arrive only to Papua and New Guinea.
Australia will deport almost all asylum - seekers, who arrive back to Papua New Guinea.
Australia will deport up almost half all asylum seekers who arrive to Papua and New Guinea.
Australia will deport all asylum seekers who arrive back home to both Papua and New Guinea.
2013 men's singles champion Andy Murray also hails criticism from the poor performance of Arsenal signing.
2013 men's singles tennis champion, commentator Andy Murray hails the poor performance of Arsenal signing.
2013 men's singles tennis champion Andy Murray also hails from behind the performance of Arsenal signing.
2013 Wimbledon Championships men's singles tennis champion, Andy Murray hails the performance of Arsenal signing.
2013 Wimbledon Championships men's singles champion Andy Andy Murray hails from the performance of Arsenal signing.
This winter storm is taking a heavy toll very heavily on the nation's pipes and pavement.
This otherwise unusually cold winter is taking a toll heavily on the nation's pipes and pavement.
This cold winter is taking a toll, both on the nation's pipes, and pavement.
This winter storm is taking a toll both on the entire nation's pipes, and pavement.
This winter is already taking a heavy toll on all of the nation's pipes and pavement.
The Winter Wonderland World Museum, was opened at Drusillas Park.
The new Winter & Wonderland Museum was opened at Drusillas Park.
The Winter Wonderland World Museum was opened at the Drusillas Park.
The Winter World Wonderland was opened at at the Drusillas Park.
The first Winter in Wonderland was opened, at Drusillas Park.
Kim - Soo - Hyun is continuing, " and even if he had found 10 bodies, then it would still not be enough.
Kim - Soo Hyunjie is continuing, and even, if only he had found 10 bodies, it would not be enough.
Kim Soo Hyunji is not continuing, and even then, if he had 10 bodies, it probably would still not be enough.
Kim Soo Hyun is continuing, and even, if he had killed 10 more bodies, then it probably still would not be enough.
Kim Soo Hyunji is continuing, and even then if only he had found 10 bodies, then surely it would not be enough.
Jacky and Grealish will join Notts County.
Jack Grealishan will also join Notts County.
Jack Grealish will join the new Notts County.
Jacky Grealish will also join Notts County.
Jack Grealisher will join the Notts County.
Goldy eyes steadied off an high.
Gold eyes steadied me off an high.
Goldfinger steadied off to an high.
Gold steadied off to hit an high.
Gold steadied her off to an high.
Britney Spears almost always always sings live.
Britney Spears herself almost always sings live.
Britney - Spears always only sings live.
Britney - Spears almost always sings live.
Britney Spears herself almost always sings live.
Julaton lost it again via unanimous decision.
Julatoni lost via a unanimous decision.
Julatoni lost via a unanimous decision.
Julaton lost it via a unanimous decision.
Julatoni ultimately lost via unanimous decision.
They have also started mopping up their own arms ahead of the May 2015 election.
They have also started mopping up with their arms just ahead of the 2015 election.
They have started mopping up their own arms just ahead of winning the 2015 election.
They have started mopping - up arms just ahead time of the May 2015 election.
They have long since also started mopping up arms ahead of winning the 2015 election.
Temples also reverberated along with the chants of Om Namah Shivay.
Temples reverberated, with chants reminiscent that of Om Namah Shivay.
Temples reverberated with all the sacred chants of Om Namah Shivay.
Temples also reverberated, along with chants of Om Namah Shivay.
Temples also often reverberated with chants of Om - Namah Shivay.
North Korea had confirmed it still was holding off an unnamed American citizen.
North Korea had confirmed it and was holding up an innocent American citizen.
North Korea had confirmed it was holding up as an official American citizen.
North Korea had confirmed it was holding - picking up an American citizen.
North - South Korea had confirmed it was holding an unnamed American citizen.
Roddy White has since returned home to football practice, and is listed as questionable.
Roddy Piper White has since then returned to private practice and is listed as questionable.
Roddy Whiteley has returned to practice and is now not officially listed as questionable.
Roddy the Great Piper White has returned to practice, and is listed as questionable.
Roddy White has returned home to practice and he is listed here here as questionable.
Chris Christie I think myself will encounter to move to the right.
Chris and Agatha Christie will encounter to a move to the right.
Chris and Christie will be then encounter to move to the right.
Chris and Christie will encounter to move slightly further to the right.
Chris and Christie will encounter some difficulties to move to the right.
A group of young lawyers today, came in the support of the Supreme High Court judge AK Ganguly.
A group composed of lawyers today came in support, of former Supreme Court criminal case judge AK Ganguly.
A group of lawyers from India today came together in with the support of Supreme Court judge AK Ganguly.
A group consisting of lawyers dating back from today came in support of Supreme Court case judge AK Ganguly.
A group of lawyers today came in support, of the former Supreme Court chief judge, AK Ganguly.
The government has also recently been discussing a plan to eventually buy - back up - to 10 % of Qantas.
The government also has been discussing on it a plan to buy back up to 10½ % shares of Qantas.
The government has been discussing a plan designed specifically to buy - back up to about 10 % % of Qantas.
The government has also been actively considering discussing a plan designed to eventually buy back up to 10 % of Qantas.
The government has been discussing a new plan to buy buy - out and back up to 10 % of Qantas.
Eleanor Catton reads about it directly from her novel, The Luminaries.
Eleanor Catton reads directly from her novel, titled, The Luminaries.
Eleanore Catton also reads directly from her novel, The Luminaries.
Eleanor Catton also reads from this her novel, called The Luminaries.
Eleanor Catton reads directly from her first novel, titled The Luminaries.
Denis Cheryshev will be ruled out indefinitely for anywhere between three and even four weeks.
Denis Cheryshev will not be ruled - out for between three months and four weeks.
Denis Cheryshev will not be ruled out for between three months and about four weeks.
Denis Cheryshev will probably be out for somewhere between three and maybe even four weeks.
Denis and Cheryshevskaya will be going out for sometime between three and four weeks.
' The Warm Bodies'actress, Teresa Jane Palmer is engaged both to the actor and Mark Webber.
' To The Last Warm Bodies'actress Teresa Janes Palmer is engaged to actor and Mark Webber.
' Warming Bodies'by actress Teresa Palmer who is engaged to the actor John and Mark Webber.
' The Warm Bodies'actress Teresa Palmer, who is engaged also to actor and director Mark Webber.
' Global Warming Bodies'actress, singer Teresa Palmer is currently engaged to actor and Mark Webber.
Percy - born John Harvin fully participated in a single practice with the Seattle Seahawks.
Percy Harvin never fully has participated in a practice game with, the Seattle Seahawks.
Percy Harvin never fully participated, in a practice with, the expansion Seattle Seahawks.
Percy Harvin fully participated in after attending a practice with the newly expansion Seattle Seahawks.
Percy Harvin fully has never participated in such a practice game with the Seattle Seahawks.
Kilrock Home Products, Ltd'range, Bar Keepers Friend, is launching into the B & Q.
Kilrock Products'range, Bar Keepers Friend, is also now launching directly into the B & Q.
Kilrock Consumer Products'product range, Bar Keepers Friend, is launching into the BB & Q.
Kilrock Products'range, including Bar Keepers Friend, also is currently launching products into B & Q.
Kilrock Products'range, Bar Keepers Friend, also is now launching products directly into B & Q.
A man was also accused twice of stealing from the local Boy Scouts.
A man was accused of allegedly allegedly allegedly stealing from the Boy Scouts.
A young man was accused of stealing from him among the Boy Scouts.
A young man was also accused of stealing from within the Boy Scouts.
A man was accused twice of stealing money from the local Boy Scouts.
Miley Cyrus will also return to host SNL.
Miley will return home to help host SNL.
Miley will also return home to host SNL.
Miley will also return to the host SNL.
Miley Cyrus, will return to host SNL.
An elderly woman was also struck by such a train.
An elderly Jewish woman, was struck by a train.
An woman passenger was struck down by driving a train.
An elderly woman who was accidentally struck by a train.
An woman was struck nearly upside down by a train.
A headband may be better able to tell to you when even your brain is on overload.
A headband reader may be better able to tell when your brain signal is still on overload.
A headband - reader may be able to tell when your brainwave is still on overload.
A headband - reader may be able not to tell when your entire brain is on overload.
A human headband may be able to easily tell you when your brain signal is on overload.
Hikes in diesel price had also also affected the financial position and structure of Indian Railways.
Hikes in the high petrol - diesel price had affected the financial position of Indian Railways.
Hikes in diesel price and share markets had affected the financial position structure of Indian Railways.
Hikes in diesel price had also affected the financial asset position structure of the Indian Railways.
Hikes in the diesel fuel price had affected the financial position structure of the Indian Railways.
Wynalda was introduced as being officially named the Silverbacks'manager.
Wynalda was introduced in later on as the Silverbacks'manager.
Wynalda Williams was later introduced as the Silverbacks'' manager.
Wynalda Williams was later officially introduced as the Silverbacks'manager.
Wynalda Williams was also introduced later as the Silverbacks'manager.
Paul von Gallenbacher has pleaded for more support.
Paul Gallen has since pleaded not guilty for more support.
Paul van Gallen has also pleaded for much more support.
Paul Gallenbacher has pleaded for even more support.
Paul Gallen has since then pleaded guilty for more support.
A more - moderate earthquake hit Halmahera.
A more moderate earthquake also hit Halmahera.
A moderate earthquake has also hit Halmahera.
A moderate magnitude earthquake also hit Halmahera.
A moderate earthquake has also hit Halmahera.
Namibia then beat hosts Canada by seven wickets.
Namibia beat hosts, Canada by seven wickets.
Namibia then beat hosts Canada by seven wickets.
Namibia beat the hosts Canada by seven wickets.
Namibia would then beat Canada by seven wickets.
Arian Foster still has absolutely nothing to prove.
Arian - Foster still has nothing to prove.
Arian Foster has nothing more important to prove.
Arian - John Foster has nothing to prove.
Arian - Foster has nothing more to prove.
A Greeneville County young man is on two federal charges accused of inappropriately touching a child.
A young Greene County man is on charges and accused of inappropriately and physically touching a child.
A Greene County black man, who is on charges accused of inappropriately physically touching a child.
A Greene County maniac is indicted on federal charges accused of inappropriately touching on a child.
A Greeneville County man is on charges accused of of inappropriately " touching " a child.
Joao de Sousa then beat Julien Benneteau to also win the Malaysian Open.
Joao Sousa beat Jean - Julien Benneteau to also win the Malaysian Open.
Joao Sousa beat Jean Julien Benneteaux, to win the Malaysian Open.
Joao Sousa beat Jean Julien - Benneteau to win at the Malaysian Open.
Joao Sousa beat Julien Benneteaux to win the inaugural 2011 Malaysian Open.
Power generation has been restored in Takanini, Oneroan and in Mt Roskill.
Power generation has also been restored in Mt Takanini, Oneroa and Mt Roskill.
Power has also recently been restored in Mt Takanini, Oneroa and Mt Roskill.
Power has been restored locally, in Takanini, Oneroa, and Mt Roskill.
Power has been restored locally in Takanini, Oneroan and in Mt Roskill.
I just need a bank loan, with bad credit fast.
I need for a bank loan, with bad credit fast.
I need a loan, with a bad enough credit fast.
I just might need a loan, with bad credit fast.
I would need money for a loan with bad credit fast.
I want you to crush and then make your dark dreams mine.
I want to both crush you and to make your dreams mine.
I want to crush and then to make all your dreams mine.
I want you to crush and make all all your dreams mine.
I just... want to crush and to make your dreams mine.
The party demanded that Gandhi take every upcoming election seriously.
The party Gandhians also take every general election seriously.
The ruling party Gandhian takes every election seriously.
The party also strongly demanded Gandhi take every election seriously.
The political opposition party Gandhi take every presidential election seriously.
Islamism preaches peace, and abhors terrorism.
Islam preaches world peace and also abhors terrorism.
Islam preaches for world peace and abhors terrorism.
Islamism preaches peace, and abhors terrorism.
Islam preaches peace, justice and abhors terrorism.
Nelson Mandela himself could be easily discharged from inside the hospital.
Nelson - Nelson Mandela could be discharged from outside the hospital.
Nelson - Mandela could be safely discharged from outside the hospital.
Nelson Mandela himself could not be easily discharged from the hospital.
Nelson - Mandela himself could not be discharged from the hospital.
Geoffery - Ogilvy made the cut after using his wedges as just a putter.
Geoffery Ogilvy made the cut first after first using his wedge as just a putter.
Geoff Ogilvy made the cut right after the first using his own wedge as a putter.
Geoff Ogilvy made the final cut, after using up his own wedge as a putter.
Geoff Ogilvy also made the final cut, after using his wedge as just a putter.
A tortoise pigeon was also reportedly denied boarding in China.
A Chinese tortoise was also denied a boarding in China.
A Chinese sea tortoise was denied a boarding in China.
A tortoise pigeon or pigeon was denied boarding in China.
A Chinese tortoise pigeon was also denied boarding in China.
A dog and cat day care, training and animal wellness center will open.
A new dog, day care, training and a wellness center will open.
A dog day care, training and wellness training center also, will open.
A new dog day care, dog - training and wellness center will open.
A new dog day - care, training, and wellness center will open.
Treasuries also yields rose.
Treasuries also yields rose.
Treasuries also yields rose.
Treasuries also yields rose.
Treasuries also yields rose.
Tokyo City was awarded the 2020 Olympic Games summer Games.
Tokyo Olympics was also awarded the 2020 Olympic summer Games.
Tokyo Stadium was awarded hosting for the 2020 summer Games.
Tokyo was not awarded bid for the 2020 summer Games.
Tokyo was later also awarded the Tokyo 2020 summer Games.
A group, hedge funds has also acquired a stake in the new ConnectOne Bancorp building in the Englewood Cliffs.
A group, hedge funds, LLC has recently acquired half a stakeholding in ConnectOne Bancorp in Englewood Cliffs.
A new group, hedge funds has acquired a majority - ownership stake in ConnectOne from Bancorp in Englewood Cliffs.
A private group, including hedge funds has acquired a stake in ConnectOne - Bancorp located nearby in Englewood Cliffs.
A new group, hedge funds has acquired a stakeholding in the ConnectOne Bancorp office building in Englewood Cliffs.
A high - - yielding variety of bean varieties has been introduced.
A high - yielding new variety of green bean has been introduced.
A high - yielding variety type type of bean has been introduced.
A high yielding variety of green bean has recently also been introduced.
A high - yielding variety type of coffee bean has been introduced.
Zenit and St. Petersburg have acquired midfielder Olegy Shatov on a transfer.
Zenit St. Petersburg have also acquired Oleg - Shatov, on a transfer.
Zenit St. Petersburg FC have acquired Oleg Shatovych on such a transfer.
Zenit St. Petersburg will have acquired Oleg - Shatov on such a transfer.
Zenit St. Petersburg FC have also acquired midfielder Oleg Shatov on a transfer.
Rahul Gandhi held - up a strategy session with top leaders, and the Chief Ministers.
Rahul Gandhi held up a strategy session along with top leaders, and the Chief Ministers.
Rahul Nehru Gandhi also held a strategy session with top Indian leaders, and Chief Ministers.
Rahul Nehru, and Gandhi held a strategy session with the top leaders and Chief Ministers.
Rahul Nehru and Gandhi held a strategy session with top business leaders and the Chief Ministers.
Two new hotels next to the Aberdeen Airport main site are set up to create 170 jobs.
Two brand new hotels next to Aberdeen International Airport, are set up to create 170 jobs.
Two new hotels located next to Aberdeen International Airport are being set up to create 170 jobs.
Two new luxury hotels next to the Aberdeen Airport are set up, to create 170 jobs.
Two new hotels located next to at the Aberdeen Airport are set to create another 170 jobs.
European stock - markets mostly fell, largely despite positive Chinese data.
European stock - markets mostly fell despite all the positive Chinese data.
European stock markets mostly fell despite the still highly positive Chinese data.
European stock markets mostly also fell despite positive recent recent Chinese data.
European Union stock - markets mostly fell despite positive recent Chinese data.
Novelist Juan Gabriel Garcia - Marquez died.
Novelist Gabriela Garcia - Marquez died.
Novelist, Juan Gabriel Garcia Marquez died.
Novelist Juan José Gabriel Garcia Marquez died.
Novelist Gabriel Garcia - de Marquez died.
A mental health clinic building will be also be reopened.
A mental - health clinic will also soon be reopened.
A mental health care and clinic building will be reopened.
A new mental - health clinic building will be reopened.
A mental health - health clinic building will be reopened.
A coach was sentenced for an alleged attempted assault on by a player.
A coach also was later sentenced twice for an assault on a player.
A coach was sentenced twice for committing such an assault on a player.
A football coach was sentenced for committing an assault attempt on a player.
A coach member also, was sentenced for an assault on a player.
Broadcaster Sir John David Frost dies.
Broadcaster David and Leslie Frost dies.
Broadcaster Sir David Leslie Frost dies.
Broadcaster Sir David Leslie Frost dies.
Broadcaster David Leslie - Frost dies.
Scott Asheton, a former member - emeritus of The Stooges, had recently passed away at the age of 64.
Scott Asheton, a fellow former member of The Stooges, passed away at about about the young age of 64.
Scottie Asheton, a member of both of The Stooges, passed away at the early age age of 64.
Scottie Lee Asheton, also a member of The Three Stooges, passed away at about the age of 64.
Scottie Asheton, a member emeritus of The Three Stooges, had just passed away at the age of 64.
Eunosvilles has long since been re - launched for bloc sale.
Eunosvilles has been re - launched almost exclusively for bloc sale.
Eunosvilles has since been retro - launched for bloc sale.
Eunosvilles website has since been re - launched for bloc sale.
Eunosvilles has been recently re - launched for the bloc sale.
Acceletronics would not otherwise have hired him as a new engineer to support the Pennsylvania areas.
Acceletronics have hired as a new team chief and chief engineer to support the Pennsylvania areas.
Acceletronics have hired as a new engineer, to help support all of the Pennsylvania areas.
Acceletronics would have hired as a new engineer to help support all the Western Pennsylvania areas.
Acceletronics have hired him as a brand new sound engineer, to support the Pennsylvania areas.
Asian stocks will also rally, after growth in the US payrolls.
Asian stocks rally, after rapid growth, in the US payrolls.
Asian stocks rally, after growth, high in the US payrolls.
Asian stocks will also rally, after the growth in US payrolls.
Asian stocks rally, after the growth rate in the US payrolls.
Our obsession with President Sachin Tendulkar, and records of that has made us lose perspective.
Our obsession with the meeting with Sachin Tendulkar and records has made even us lose perspective.
Our growing obsessions with Sachin Tendulkar and records that has made even us lose perspective.
Our obsession with Sachin Tendulkar and records has also made us all suddenly completely lose perspective.
Our obsession with the Sachin Tendulkar songs, and records has made us all lose perspective.
Jennifer - Lopez, will release her upcoming 20th perfume JLove in October.
Jennifer - Marie Lopez will also release her 20th perfume JLove in October.
Jennifer Jennifer Lopez will release her upcoming 20th perfume, JLove in October.
Jennifer - Lopez will also release on her 20th perfume JLove in October.
Jennifer Lopez will release her 20th perfume, titled The JLove in October.
Leader Kalonzola Musyoka has called for the totalitarian withdrawals of all the media bill.
Leader Kalonzo Musyokala has called again for the totalitarian withdrawal of the social media bill.
Leader, Kalonzo Musyoka has called again again for the total withdrawal of all the media bill.
Leader Kalonzola Musyoka has also called for the totalitarian withdrawal of the social media bill.
Leader, Mr Kalonzo Musyokala, has called for the total withdrawal of the media bill.
Anastacia also has recently had a double - mastectomy operation.
Anastacia also has had a double - blind mastectomy operation.
Anastacia has had successfully a successful successful double mastectomy operation.
Anastacia has also had a double - arm mastectomy operation.
Anastacia also has had a successful double - mastectomy operation.
Government and President Kapil Dev Sibal turned the Chandni Chowk into slum.
Government and Kapil Sibala turned Chandni - Nagar Chowk into slum.
Government officials and Kapil Sibal have turned the Chandni Chowk into slum.
Government and Kapil Sibala turned Chandni Chowk back down into slum.
Government and Kapil Krishna Dev Sibal turned Chandni Nagar Chowk into slum.
Illinois has agreed mutually not to spend an expected additional additional $ 9 - million to support Amtrak service.
Illinois has agreed not to spend approximately an additional $. 9 million annually to help support Amtrak service.
Illinois has since also agreed to spend over an additional US $ 9 million to support the Amtrak service.
Illinois has agreed to spend only approximately an estimated additional US $ 9 million annually to support Amtrak service.
Illinois has agreed not to once again spend an additional $. 9 million to help support Amtrak service.
Christoph Waltz has recently entered into final negotiations to be a Horrible Hugo Boss - directed sequel.
Christoph Last Waltz has entered into final negotiations for to be a more Horrible Boss directed sequel.
Christoph Last Waltz has recently entered final negotiations, to not be a Horrible Boss directed sequel.
Christoph Waltz has entered final negotiations to be given a Horrible Bosses - directed directed sequel.
Christoph Waltz Waltz Part II has entered final negotiations to be a Horrible Big Boss directed sequel.
A man, wanted by Sealy Beach police officers, was captured in Canada.
A young man wanted by Seals Beach police was captured somewhere else in Canada.
A man he had wanted killed by Seal Beach police was later captured in Canada.
A young young man considered wanted by the Seal Beach police was captured in Canada.
A man wanted arrested by Seals Beach police station, was captured in Canada.
The BJP will also ruin the very essence of Bharatiyata Party and Hindustaniyat.
The new BJP will ruin both the essence of Bharatiyata Party and Hindustaniyat.
The BJP will ruin, both, the essence of Bharatiyata and Hindustaniyat.
The BJP will ruin both the essence of the Indian Bharatiyata and Hindustaniyat.
The BJP will also ruin the essence of the Bharatiyata Party and Hindustaniyat.
A downtown Dallas area sanitation truck caught fire.
A downtown Dallas sanitation truck had caught fire.
A Dallas sanitation truck had just caught fire.
A downtown Dallas sanitation truck had caught fire.
A Dallas sanitation service truck also caught fire.
Chennai, India 2016 : Actress Amyra Dastur is set to make her Tamil debut Anegan.
Chennai : Actress Amyrao Dastur is set up to make her upcoming Tamil debut Anegan.
Chennai : Amyrao Dastur is also set up here to make her Tamil debut Anegan.
Chennai : Amyrao Dastur She is set to make her Tamil film directorial debut Anegan.
Chennai : Amyra Dastur is set up here to help make her Tamil film debut Anegan.
A grand total number of over 26, 000 tickets have also been sold between both St Johnstone and Dundee United.
A total number out of 26, 000 000 000 season tickets have been sold between St Johnstone and Dundee United.
A grand total of 26, 000 tickets sold worldwide have been sold between St. Johnstone and rivals Dundee United.
A total number of 26, 000 tickets have been ever officially sold between St. - Johnstone and Dundee United.
A total of 26, 000 season tickets have now been successfully sold, divided between St Johnstone and Dundee United.
A man is being charged, after he hit a man with not just a chair.
A young young man is charged after he hit a man while sitting with a chair.
A young man is charged with after he hit a man with not just a chair.
A man is charged after he hits on a young young man with a chair.
A man is charged after he hit a man, with not just but a chair.
Women face discrimination and achieving their empowerment also remains a very distant goal.
Women often face discrimination and their empowerment remains as a very distant goal.
Women face no discrimination, and their empowerment also remains a distant goal.
Women face no discrimination and their empowerment remains as a very distant goal.
Women face discrimination, and their empowerment remains only as a distant goal.
The Chicago American Bears signed running Shaun Draughn.
The Bears also signed running back Shaun Draughn.
The Bears signed, running back Shaun Draughn.
The 2017 Chicago Bears signed running Shaun Draughn.
The Bears signed running back, Shaun Draughn.
House Speaker Thom Tillis and his more than 100 other lawmakers signed a public letter to strongly oppose a Catawba Lake Indian Nation casino.
House Speaker Thome Tillis and more of all his than 100 lawmakers have signed a letter to strongly oppose a Catawba Nation casino.
House Speaker Thome Tillis, and more of than 100 lawmakers, signed a joint public letter to oppose a Catawba Nation casino.
House Speaker Thome Tillis and more than 100 lawmakers signed a public opinion letter to oppose building a Catawba Lake Indian Nation casino.
House Speaker, Thome Tillis, Democrats and more than 100 lawmakers signed a public letter to oppose a Catawba Indian Nation casino.
The Kerala High Court overturned same - sex - marriage laws.
The High Court Court has overturned same - sex marriage laws.
The Kerala High Court Court overturned same sex and marriage laws.
The High Court Court overturned same - sex and marriage laws.
The High Court also overturned the same sex and marriage laws.
More and more young Czechs refuse, though and soon they too are sponging off their parents.
More children and even more young young Czechs refuse and they are soon sponging off their parents.
More children and more young Czechs will also refuse, and they are sponging off their parents.
More and more young adult Czechs refuse, and they are now sponging food off their parents.
More children and more young young Czechs refuse, and they too are sponging off their parents.
The Philippines government has also vowed, to build back better 100 million days after its typhoon left.
The Philippines government has vowed, to build it back better 100 days, after its typhoon left.
The Philippines vowed, to "... build back better 100 days " after its last typhoon left.
The Southern Philippines vowed, to build back a better record 100 days later after its typhoon left.
The Philippines " vowed, " to build back better 100 days after last having its typhoon left.
A motorcyclist was taken back to visit a local hospital after a crash landing in Los Padres'National Forest.
A motorcyclist was taken to a local hospital, shortly after a crash in Los - Padres'National Forest.
A motorcyclist was taken to a hospital, shortly after causing a crash in the Los Padres'National Forest.
A motorcyclist was taken to a local hospital shortly after a car crash in the Los Padres'National Forest.
A local motorcyclist was later taken to a hospital shortly after a crash that occurred in Los Padres National Forest.
James Michael Goldston has been named vice president of the ABC News.
James Goldston has also also recently been named president of ABC News.
James Goldston III has since also been named president of ABC News.
James Edward Goldston has been named president - emeritus of ABC News.
James John - Michael Goldston has been named president of ABC News.
Oak Park native Tavi Gevinson has gotten from him a comic book deal.
Oak Park native, author Tavis Gevinson has gotten a book deal.
Oak Park - Heights native Tavi Gevinson has gotten a comic book deal.
Oak Park native, Tavi Gevinson, has gotten a comic book deal.
Oak Park Heights native Tavi Gevinson, has gotten a comic book deal.
Rangers fans today have welcomed the reports Dave - King who is expected to jet into Glasgow.
Rangers fans today welcomed reports stating, that Dave King is expected to soon jet into Glasgow.
Rangers fans today, have welcomed reports Dave King is expected, to soon jet into Glasgow.
Rangers fans today welcomed the reports Dave King is also expected soon to successfully jet into Glasgow.
Rangers'fans today have welcomed reports Dave - King is expected to soon jet into Glasgow.
A window cleaner has died after accidentally falling down from under a ladder.
A former window cleaner, who has died after falling from a ladder.
A female window cleaner has died after falling from bed under a ladder.
A window - cleaner who has died after accidentally falling from a ladder.
A window cleaner, who has died after accidentally falling from a ladder.
An 813 - year old McDonnell Douglass County man was arrested on the suspicion of killing his caregiver.
An 81 year old, Douglas County jail man, was also arrested on suspicion of nearly killing his caregiver.
An unidentified 81 - year old Douglas County jail man was arrested, on suspicion of killing of his caregiver.
An unidentified 81 year old Douglas County man was arrested, apparently on suspicion of allegedly accidentally killing his caregiver.
An 81 year - old Douglas County man was later also arrested on the suspicion of nearly killing his caregiver.
Ball State State University is facing scrutiny once again for hiring a professor.
Ball State University is facing increased scrutiny for the hiring of a professor.
Ball State State University is facing scrutiny once again for hiring a professor.
Ball State University is currently facing scrutiny for not hiring such a professor.
Ball State State State University is facing scrutiny for hiring such a professor.
Laughtering may not not always be the best medicine.
Laughter may not be generally considered considered the best medicine.
Laughtering dogs may not be the next best medicine.
Laughter may simply not always not be the best medicine.
Laughters that may not always be the best medicine.
Microsoft is unveiling its Office Office 365 software suite, for running the Apple iPad.
Microsoft is unveiling its Office 365 mobile office software suite, for the Apple iPad.
Microsoft is unveiling of its Office Office 365 software suite for running the Apple iPad.
Microsoft is currently unveiling of its Office software development software suite for the Apple iPad.
Microsoft Office is unveiling its Office 365 software development suite for running the Apple iPad.
A woman who was robbed of her backpack lives in the nearby village Lower Haight.
A young woman who was robbed of her own backpack in all the Lower Haight.
A woman was robbed out of her backpacks in the neighborhood of Lower Haight.
A woman who was robbed of carrying her very own backpack in the Lower Haight.
A woman was robbed of half her own backpack in the village of Lower Haight.
Two women are currently facing criminal charges, for using drugs while pregnant.
Two women who survived are facing charges specifically for using drugs while pregnant.
Two women are facing criminal charges for using illegal drugs, while pregnant.
Two women who are currently facing criminal charges for using drugs while pregnant.
Two women arrested are facing charges for using drugs, one while pregnant.
Manuel will undergo, delay and miss surgery for the remainder of the preseason.
Manuel will not undergo, and miss the remainders portion of the preseason.
Manuel will not undergo, and miss the entire remainder of, the preseason.
Manuel will undergo, and possibly miss, for the remainder of the preseason.
Manuel will undergo, advance and or miss, the remainder of the preseason.
The only actual power figure could be so much higher.
The actual power figure could be so very much higher.
The actual power figure could be much so much higher.
The actual power figure here could not be much higher.
The actual actual figure now could be so much higher.
Accidents killed 363 people in total during the week.
Accidents killed 36 people moving in total during the week.
Accidents killed about another 363 people in the week.
Accidents also killed about 36 people in during the week.
Accidents killed only about 363 people in the week.
Kangaroos star Jarryd Hayne, has also launched in a passionate defence campaign ahead of the 2018 Rugby League World Cup against detractors.
Kangaroos star forward Jarryd Hayne has launched a new very passionate try defence of the 2011 Rugby League World Cup Final against detractors.
Kangaroos international star Jarryd John - Michael Hayne has launched a passionate defence of winning the Rugby League World Cup trophy against detractors.
Kangaroos star, Jarryd Hayne has launched into a very, passionate successful defence of the Rugby League World Series Cup against detractors.
Kangaroos international star, winger Jarryd Hayne has launched a passionate successful defence of the 2011 Rugby League World Cup Final against detractors.
The Mega Millions Series jackpot soars to an estimated estimated $ 550 million.
The Mega - Millions jackpot eventually soars to an $ estimated 550 million.
The 2012 Mega - Millions jackpot soars up to an $ 550 million.
The Mega Millions jackpot soars to win an estimated $ US 550 million.
The 2012 Mega Millions jackpot soars to an estimated $ US 550 million.
A Greenwood man is currently facing both federal assault and drug charges.
A Greenwood man is facing assault charges and federal criminal drug charges.
A Greenwood County man is facing sexual assault charges and drug charges.
A Greenwood Lake County jail man is facing assault and drug charges.
A troubled young, Greenwood man is facing assault and drug charges.
Edward Snowden speaks to an audience of thousands at the South East by the Southwest International Digital Interactive Festival at the # SXSW.
Edward Snowden speaks to over an audience, consisting of thousands at both the first annual South by Southwest Interactive Festival # SXSW.
Edward Snowden also speaks to an audience consisting of thousands at the South East by Southwest Interactive Independent Film Festival, # SXSW.
Edward James - Snowden speaks to an audience consisting of thousands at the 2011 South West by the Southwest Interactive Festival # SXSW.
Edward Snowden speaks to an audience, consisting out of the thousands at the South by Southwest International Interactive Festival, # SXSW.
Rape Genius secured, and today dissed, the company Snapchat for not turning down Facebook's $ 3 billion offer.
Rap Genius was secured, and today dissed Snapchat, for not turning him down Facebook's $. 3 billion offer.
Rap Genius secured, and today dissed, Snapchat, for turning down Facebook's US $ $ 3 - billion offer.
Rap Genius status was secured, and today dissed, Snapchat, for turning down Facebook's US $ 3 billion offer.
Rape Genius secured, and even today dissed, Snapchat magazine for turning - down Facebook's $ 3 billion offer.
Landry Fields had had his wrist surgery.
Landry Fields himself had had wrist surgery.
Landry Fields had just had wrist surgery.
Landry - Fields had had wrist surgery.
Landry Fields himself had had wrist surgery.
Fraud risk levels among mortgage loan applications declined.
Fraud risk ratios among mortgage loan applications declined.
Fraud risk ratios among mortgage loan applications declined.
Fraud risk ratios vary among mortgage applications declined.
Fraud risk ratios vary among mortgage applications declined.
Alcoa Inc will close down its Point Henry copper smelter operations in Australia.
Alcoa Inc. will close its Point Henry smelter manufacturing operations in Australia.
Alcoa Inc will close its Point - St. Henry smelter in Australia.
Alcoa Inc will close down its second largest Point Henry smelter in Australia.
Alcoa Inc. will close its Point Henry copper - smelter in Australia.
Police also may have released the name of the young woman who allegedly allegedly was killed in Santa Paula.
Police may also have released the name of the woman who allegedly was killed while driving in Santa Paula.
Police also have not released the full name information of the woman who was killed in Mission Santa Paula.
Police will have released the name of all except for the young woman who was killed in Santa Paula.
Police have released the nameplate of the woman, who was also allegedly later killed in Santa Paula.
Russia has also regularly invited Syrian opposition opposition groups to Moscow for talks.
Russia has also has invited Syrian opposition groups back to Moscow for talks.
Russia has invited Syrian opposition militant armed groups to Moscow, for talks.
Russia also has invited several Syrian opposition political groups to Moscow for talks.
Russia also has invited Syrian opposition groups abroad to visit Moscow for talks.
Danville police are investigating for committing an attempted attempted robbery.
Danville City police officers are also investigating an attempted robbery.
Danville County police are also investigating an apparent attempted robbery.
Danville police are also investigating for an apparent attempted robbery.
Danville County, police officers are investigating an attempted robbery.
He has not recovered himself fully from the H1N1 flu.
He has also not recovered fully from the H1N1 flu.
He has also not as yet recovered from H1N1 flu.
He has not recovered fully from contracting the H1N1 flu.
He has not recovered fully yet from the H1N1 flu.
Paul Simon and later his wife Edie Ann Brickell were arrested twice for disorderly conduct, following a recent family dispute.
Paul Simon and his wife, Edie Brickell were arrested for disorderly conduct, immediately following Simon starting a family dispute.
Paul Simon and, later, and later his wife Edie Brickell were arrested for disorderly conduct following a family dispute.
Paul Michael - Paul Simon and his second - wife Edie Brickell were arrested for disorderly conduct following a family dispute.
Paul Simons and then later his wife Edie Ann Brickell were arrested for alleged disorderly conduct following a family dispute.
Ford American Motor Co.'s hiring included 800 more qualified engineers, and 300 salaried workers in the US.
Ford Motor Co.'s hiring 8000 more engineers, mechanics, and salaried workers, in the US.
Ford Motor Car Co.'s hiring 800 more engineers, and more fully salaried workers than in the US.
Ford American Motor Co.'s hiring 800 more qualified engineers, and more salaried workers in all the US.
Ford American Motor Co.'s hiring 800 more, highly qualified engineers, and salaried workers in the US.
Carly Rae Jepsen is now officially headed back to Broadway.
Carly Rae - Jepsen is also now headed to Broadway.
Carly - Rae - Jepsen is now headed to Broadway.
Carly Rae - Jepsen is also now headed to Broadway.
Carly Rae - Jepsen is also now headed to Broadway.
Two Horsham brothers were also admitted in a small local pot growing operation.
Two dozen other Horsham brothers were admitted in a small pot growing operation.
Two Horsham brothers were admitted partners in a very small pot growing operation.
Two Horshams brothers have admitted involvement in a small pot growing operation.
Two other Horsham brothers admitted to involvement in a small pot growing operation.
A monastery near to the Beit Shemesh was vandalized, with anti - American epithets.
A monastery near Beit Ha - Shemesh was vandalized, with anti - American epithets.
A monastery near the Beit Shemesh was also vandalized, with anti - American epithets.
A monastery near Beit Shemesh was also vandalized, with anti - Native American epithets.
A monastery near the Beit Shemesh was vandalized with the various anti - American epithets.
A new big sale of hot pink Quinceanera dresses has kicked - it off at AndyTailor. com.
A big street sale of hot pink Quinceanera dresses, which has kicked off at AndyTailor. com.
A big online sale and sale of hot pink Quinceanera dresses has kicked off at AndyTailor. com.
A big sale of hot - pink pink Quinceanera dresses has kicked off at the AndyTailor. com.
A new big sale of the hot pink Quinceanera dresses has kicked off at the AndyTailor. com.
SOUTH Shields will look ready now to just end a run.
SOUTH, Shields will look to end in quite a run.
SOUTHER : Shields I will look to end a run.
SOUTH Shields will look to the end in half a run.
SOUTH : The Shields will look to end in a run.
Cali - Poly will host a composting training workshop.
Cal Poly will also host annually, a compost training workshop.
Cal - Poly will host a summer composting training workshop.
Cal Poly College campus will host a summer compost training workshop.
Cal - Poly College will host a summer compost training workshop.
Cesar Chavez as an action hero and such a movie has opened up in theaters nationwide.
Cesare Chavez as an hero and a movie star, opened in 200 theaters nationwide.
Cesar Chavez acted as an hero and as one such a movie opened in theaters nationwide.
Cesar Chavez as both both an hero and a movie - star opened in theaters nationwide.
Cesar Chavez as an hero and such as a movie hero opened up in theaters nationwide.
Sunderland have sold forward Stephane François de Sessegnon to FC West Bromwich Albion.
Sunderland have also sold forward midfielder Stephane de Sessegnon to West Bromwich Albion.
Sunderland have sold forward - midfielder Stephane Sessegnon to West West Bromwich Albion.
Sunderland have sold French forward midfielder Stephane Sessegnon to FC West Bromwich Albion.
Sunderland have sold forward Stephane Sessegnon to FCV West West Bromwich Albion.
A pastor was accused twice of sexually sexually - abusing two boys.
A pastor was also accused of sexually physically abusing the two boys.
A pastor was also falsely accused of sexually physically abusing two boys.
A pastor, who was falsely accused of sexually abusing two boys.
A pastor was also accused of sexually abusing of the two boys.
VICTORIA'S corporate watchdog will get the powers to take name and shame the businesses refusing to engage in reasonable and legal dispute resolution.
VICTORIA'S watchdog will get powers to name false names and shame other businesses refusing permissions to engage in a reasonable dispute resolution.
VICTORIA'S corporate watchdog will get powers to name names and shame other businesses refusing permissions to engage them in reasonable dispute resolution.
VICTORIA'S watchdog will also help get powers to name and shame foreign businesses for refusing to voluntarily engage in a reasonable dispute resolution.
VICTORIA'S watchdog will get the necessary powers to name names and to shame businesses refusing permission to engage in reasonable legal dispute resolution.
Stoppards will join them for a second World Walk.
Stoppards will join him for a second World Walk.
Stoppards International will join for a second World Walk.
Stoppard will join him for such a Great World Walk.
Stoppard will join him again, for a World Walk.
Taipei, Taiwan Feb. 9 Taiwan's new representative to represent Team Israel is also set to officially assume his duties this week.
Taipei, Feb., 9 Taiwan's first new permanent representative to Israel is now also set to assume his duties this week.
Taipei, Feb. 9 Taiwan's new representative ambassador to Israel, is set to assume almost all his diplomatic duties this week.
Taipei, Feb. 9 Taiwan's new representative to Israel is now being also set to assume his new diplomatic duties this week.
Taipei, Feb. 9 : The Ambassador Taiwan's new representative to Israel is set to assume his diplomatic duties later this week.
Facebook Watch is changing in the overall visibility of accounts after people die.
Facebook is changing the visibility of Facebook accounts, even after people die.
Facebook Watch is changing the visibility of Facebook Watch accounts after people die.
Facebook is changing the visibility of Facebook Twitter accounts after more people die.
Facebook Watch is also changing the visibility of accounts even after people die.
Boston Red Sox defensive star David Ángel Ortiz won his record sixth career Silver - Slugger Award.
Boston Red - Sox'star pitcher David Ortiz won his sixth consecutive career Silver Slugger Award.
Boston Red - Sox star David Ángel Ortiz won his record sixth career Silver - Slugger Award.
Boston College University Red - Sox star David Ángel Ortiz won his sixth career Silver Slugger Award.
Boston College Red Sox star David Ángel Ortiz won his sixth career career MLB Silver Slugger Award.
Emma Lee Thompson has made all her peace with Helena and Bonham Carter.
Emma Thompson has made her own peace with Helena Helena and Bonham Carter.
Emma Thompson, has made her own peace with Helena and Bonham Carter.
Emma Thompson has also made her peace deal with Helena and Bonham Carter.
Emma Thompson has made her very own personal peace with Helena Bonham Carter.
Alterra Coffee Roasters Inc., is changing back to its name to become Colectivo Coffee.
Alterrava Coffee & Roasters, Inc. is changing back its name to Colectivo Coffee.
Alterra Coffee Roasters Inc., is changing back its brand and name to Colectivo Coffee.
Alterra Coffee Roasters Inc. is also currently considering changing back its name to Colectivo Coffee.
Alterra International Coffee Roasters Inc. is considering officially changing its brand name to Colectivo Coffee.
More than 1, 800 families face eviction.
More than 800 families will also face eviction.
More than 8000 families now face eviction.
More than more than 800 families face eviction.
More more than 800 families will face eviction.
Pakistan has also reaffirmed the desire to resolve almost - all disputes.
Pakistan government has reaffirmed the national desire, to resolve all disputes.
Pakistan government has reaffirmed the strong national desire to resolve all disputes.
Pakistan has reaffirmed the desire also to resolve the almost all disputes.
Pakistan has reaffirmed the desire, also, to resolve all disputes.
A man later also died after he lost the control of both his car and hit on a tree.
A very young man later died after he lost the control of his car and accidentally hit a tree.
A man died after he lost motor control falling backwards out of his own car and hit a tree.
A man died shortly after he lost control out of his car, and hit on to a tree.
A young man died after he lost control out of his very own car and accidentally hit a tree.
A man was also shot nearly to death, during committing an attempted robbery in nearby the Logan Square neighborhood.
A man was shot to his own death during an attempted bank - robbery in the Logan Square Square neighborhood.
A man who was also shot, to death, during an attempted robbery in nearby the Logan Square neighborhood.
A young man was shot to his death during in an apparent apparent attempted robbery in the Logan Square neighborhood.
A man was shot nearly to death during an attempted armed robbery attempt, in the nearby Logan Square neighborhood.
Israeli forces shut down both the two suspected Hamas intelligence offices in Jerusalem.
Israeli forces shut down two other allegedly suspected secret Hamas offices in Jerusalem.
Israeli forces also shut down two suspected secret Hamas intelligence offices in Jerusalem.
Israeli forces shut down " both the two suspected Hamas offices in Jerusalem.
Israeli security forces also shut down two suspected Hamas offices located in Jerusalem.
Shoppers also search for new Boxing Day deals.
Shoppers search for new Boxing - Day deals.
Shoppers search online for Boxing - Day deals.
Shoppers search online online for Boxing Day deals.
Shoppers search for new Boxing - Day deals.
A maniac who is also charged after a stabbing.
A third man is later charged again after a stabbing.
A man is later also charged after surviving a stabbing.
A young black man is charged after suffering a stabbing.
A maniac is charged with murder after a stabbing.
New York Jets Giants safety Antrel Van Rolle expects to also be declared ready early for the season opener.
New York Jets Giants safety Antrel Rolle expects to be ready again for playing the Giants 2017 season opener.
New - York - Giants'safety, Antrel Rolle expects to be getting ready for the season opener.
New New - York Giants'safety Antrel Rolle expects to be ready very early for the season opener.
New New York - York Giants safety Antrel Rolle expects him to be ready for playing the season opener.
Chris Pine was charged with DUI related charges in Police New Zealand.
Chris Michael Pines was charged with DUI in Auckland New Zealand.
Chris Pine was charged over twice with a DUI in New Zealand.
Chris Pines was also charged with DUI in Auckland New Zealand.
Chris Pines was charged with two DUI charges in New Zealand.
Veleznik and Sarsfield took top spot.
Velez Sarsfield took the second top spot.
Veleznik and Sarsfield took top spot.
Velez and John Sarsfield took top spot.
Velez Sarsfield took over the top spot.
Henkel AG & Co. KGaA has raised up its 2013 annual gross profit margin target.
Henkelmann AG GmbH & Co. KGaA raised its January, 2013 profit margin target.
Henkel AG GmbH & Co., KGaA, raised up its 2013 profit margin target.
Henkel AG & AG Holding Co. KGaA raised nearly half its 2013 profit margin target.
Henkel AG GmbH & Co. KGaA raised up its 1 January 2013 profit margin target.
Craig - Conway has vowed not to supply funds to fire Blackburn Rovers.
Craig Conway has also vowed not to supply to and fire Blackburn Rovers.
Craig Conway has since vowed to supply to and to fire Blackburn Rovers.
Craig Conway, has since also vowed to supply to fire Blackburn Rovers.
Craig Conway, has since also vowed to supply to fire Blackburn Rovers.
Microsoft has expanded its Bing and Bing in to the Classroom program.
Microsoft has also expanded its Bing support in the Microsoft Classroom program.
Microsoft Office has also expanded its Microsoft Bing in the Classroom program.
Microsoft Office has expanded its Microsoft Bing in developing the Classroom program.
Microsoft has expanded its Bing Bing Bing in the Microsoft Classroom program.
Researchers have gotten through the first green street - light to exhume graves at the Dozier School.
Researchers have not gotten the green - light needed to exhume graves at the Mount Dozier School.
Researchers have not gotten through the first green - light to exhume graves at the Dozier School.
Researchers have gotten the green light to exhume the graves at nearby, near the Dozier School.
Researchers have not gotten the necessary green - light results to exhume graves at the Dozier School.
The San - Antonio Silver Spurs also have announced their preseason schedule.
The San Antonio Spurs have not announced their upcoming 2012 preseason schedule.
The San Antonio Spurs have not yet announced their 2017 preseason schedule.
The expansion San Antonio Spurs also have not announced their preseason schedule.
The newly expansion San - Antonio Spurs have announced their preseason schedule.
Gold Coast analysts are Bullish for a full - 2nd week running.
Gold analysts are seen on Bullish for a full 2nd week running.
Gold analysts who are Bullish for a full - 2nd week running.
Gold Coast analysts are Bullish for a full 2nd - week running.
Gold denotes analysts who are Bullish for a full 2nd week running.
Sandra Jeff, got bounced off the final November, 2014 ballot.
Sandra Jeff, got bounced up off the 5 November 2014 ballot.
Sandra, Jeff, and got bounced off of the 2014 ballot.
Sandra Jeff, got bounced off of the November, 2014 ballot.
Sandra, Jeff, got bounced off the final November 2014 ballot.
KnowBe4 CEO, Stu Sjouwerman, issued warning.
KnowBe4D CEO Stu Sjouwerman was issued warning.
KnowBe4D CEO, Stu Sjouwerman issued warning.
KnowBe4D CEO, Stu Sjouwerman issued warning.
KnowBe4D CEO, Stu Sjouwerman issued warning.
Orders are now also being actively taken for Lady BC Lions softball shirts.
Orders are now being made officially taken for the Lady Lions softball shirts.
Orders are also now being officially taken for Lady Lions'softball shirts.
Orders that are also now being taken out for Lady Lions softball shirts.
Orders are also also now also being taken for Lady Lions softball shirts.
Tim Bozon is also not expected to be released early from attending a Saskatoon hospital.
Timo Bozoni is expected soon to be officially released from a Saskatoon hospital.
Tim Bozoni is also also now expected to be released from a Saskatoon hospital.
Tim Bozon is expected later to also eventually be released early from a Saskatoon hospital.
Tim Bozoni is also expected to be released early from a major Saskatoon hospital.
Arvind may also also test Rs 140.
Arvind may test him for Rs 140.
Arvind Singh may also test Rs 140.
Arvind may also also test Rs 140.
Arvind may also also test Rs 140.
The American Samoa Governor, Lolo Matalasi Moliga has also approved the two tax - exemption certificates.
The American Samoa Governor Lolo Matalasi i - Moliga has approved the first two tax exemption certificates.
The American Samoa Governor, Loloa Matalasi Moliga has approved two new tax - exemption certificates.
The former - American Samoa Governor Lolo Matalasi Moliga has also recently approved two tax exemption certificates.
The American Samoan Governor Loloa Matalasi - Moliga has approved two income tax exemption certificates.
Mandela is but recently and shows sustained improvement.
Mandela is but shows a little sustained improvement.
Mandela is ill, but shows sustained improvement.
Mandela still is but he shows sustained improvement.
Mandela is ill but shows a sustained improvement.
We already have had on The Real X - Factor USA Season 3 so who went home 2013 Season # # 3 last night.
We had on tickets to The X - Factor USA Season 3 so, who went home 2013 for Season 3 finale last night.
We had been on The X Factor USA for Season 3 so who went home on the 2013 Season 1 - 3 last night.
We had on The X Factor USA Season 3, so who else went home 2013, for Season - 3 finale last night.
We had on The XX - Factor, USA Season 3 so, who just went home 2013 for Season 3 last night.
The AFA also removed Jim Johnson temporarily from the closer's role.
The A removed Jimbo Johnson temporarily from the new closer's role.
The A removed starter pitcher Jim Johnson from the starting closer's role.
The Class A removed Jim Johnson temporarily from assuming the closer's role.
The A removed starter Jim Johnson temporarily from the starting closer's role.
CNBC kicks - off its own annual 25th anniversary celebration.
CNBC kicks - off its own 25th - anniversary celebration.
CNBC officially officially kicks off its own 25th anniversary celebration.
CNBC News kicks off 2009 with its 25th anniversary celebration.
CNBC kicks it off with its 25th - anniversary celebration.
The Nissan ZEOD RC6 electric racing race car has also been unveiled.
The Nissan ZEOD RC6 electric race - car has also been unveiled.
The Nissan ZEOD - RC electric race - car car has been unveiled.
The new Nissan ZEOD RC electric race - car has also been unveiled.
The Nissan ZEOD RC6 electric race car diesel engine has been unveiled.
Pervez Musharraf flew with him to Karachi to undergo further medical tests.
Pervez Musharraf then flew back to the Karachi to undergo medical tests.
Pervez Musharraf flew to Karachi, Pakistan, to undergo medical tests.
Pervez Musharraf flew to the Karachi to personally and undergo medical tests.
Pervez Khan and Musharraf flew to the Karachi to undergo medical tests.
Datto, who also is happy, to announce a software integration with Servoyant.
Datto, is happy to also announce a software package for integration with Servoyant.
Datto, is not happy with enough to announce a software integration with Servoyant.
Datto, and who is happy, to announce a software integration with Servoyant.
Datto, who is happy to announce a software project for integration with Servoyant.
Consumer Reports is advising to temporarily stay away from Healthcare. gov website for free only for at least another month.
Consumers Financial Reports is advising consumers to stay away from the Healthcare. gov for at - least another month.
Consumer Reports is advising consumers to " stay away " directly from the Healthcare. gov for at least another month.
Consumer Reports magazine also is advising to stay away " from " Healthcare. gov for at - least another month.
Consumer Financial Reports also is now advising to stay away from the Healthcare. gov for at least for another month.
Banks would still keep pessimistic views about the business performance in 2013.
Banks still keep being pessimistic about the business'performance in 2013.
Banks keep pessimistic statements about improving the business'performance in 2013.
Banks keep pessimistic comments about the poor business market performance in 2013.
Banks keep pessimistic about improving on the business'performance in 2013.
Mounts Crest University College Hospital will also start admitting medical students.
Mount Crest University College Hospital will start admitting only female medical students.
Mount Crest University College and University Hospital will start admitting medical students.
Mount Crest University College Hospitals will start admitting female medical students.
Mount Crest University College Hospital will start by first admitting medical students.
Carpets - all today's stars had had to start somewhere.
Carpet - today's rock - stars had got to start somewhere.
Carpets - today's rock stars had got to start somewhere.
Carpets - making today's stars had got to start somewhere.
Carpets everywhere - today's stars had to go start somewhere.
Shruti Haasan has crooned a popular dubstep number, in the Race Gurram.
Shruti Kamal - Haasan has crooned in a dubstep number in Race Gurram.
Shruti Kamal Haasan has crooned a dubstep number in the film Race Gurram.
Shruti Haasan has also crooned a dubstep number, featured in Race Gurram.
Shruti Haasan, has crooned a dubstep number, in the Race Gurram.
The NCAA national coach coach coach of the year year award has also been named in honor of Pat Summitt.
The national head coach coach of the year year award has been named annually in honor of coach Pat Summitt.
The NCAA national coach of the year basketball award has also been posthumously named in honor solely of Pat Summitt.
The national coach coach of the year " coaching award has been also named annually in honor of Pat Summitt.
The national coach best of of of of the year year award has been named in honor of Pat Summitt.
The Catou - Ba archipelago has launched wifi service.
The Cathay Bao archipelago has launched wifi service.
The Cathay Ba archipelago launched a free wifi service.
The entire Cat Ba archipelago has launched a wifi service.
The Cathay - Ba archipelago has launched wifi service.
A full summer production season of Shakespeare continues in Taunton.
A summer program of Shakespeare readings also continues in Taunton.
A full summer school production of Shakespeare continues in Taunton.
A long summer of teaching Shakespeare continues annually in Taunton.
A large yearly summer production of Shakespeare continues in Taunton.
A book on Using Work Ethics to Better and Improve Performance, is.
A more - recent book on Work Ethics to Improve Performance, is.
A book on Using Workplace Ethics, to Improve Performance, is.
A book on Work Ethics, to and Further Improve Performance, is.
A book, on Social Work Ethics to Better Improve Performance, is.
The Mount Millis Lions Club is offering the students a Christmas tree removal.
The Fort Millis Lions'Club Association is offering a Christmas tree removal.
The Millis Lions Club is offering a free free Christmas tree tree removal.
The Millis Lions Club Community Association is offering a Christmas tree tree removal.
The Fort - Millis Lions Club is offering a free Christmas tree removal.
Justin Bieber once famously mocked a female fan calling he met.
Justin Bieber mocked a fan name - calling fan he met.
Justin Bieber mocked a fan - calling whomever he met.
Justine Von Bieber mocked a fan - calling he met.
Justin Bieber mocked a female fan - club calling he met.
Real Atlético Atlético de Madrid midfielder Sami Khedira has also suffered a serious knee injury.
Real Madrid attacking midfielder Samir El El Khedira has suffered a serious knee injury.
Real Atlético Madrid midfielder Sami Khediran has suffered from a serious left knee injury.
Real Madrid midfielder Samir Khedira has suffered from a serious left - knee injury.
Real Madrid midfielder, Sami Khediran also has suffered from a serious knee injury.
The UNCW baseball team competed annually in its annual spring tournament.
The UNCW football team competed in only its second spring tournament.
The UNCW team competed once annually in its first spring tournament.
The UNCW football football varsity team competed in its spring tournament.
The UNCW football team also competed in its first spring tournament.
Legendary, Bollywood actor Pran, has been cremated.
Legendary actor, Ram Pran, has been cremated.
Legendary, Bollywood actor Pran, has been cremated.
Legendary Bollywood actor, Pran, has been cremated.
Legendary Bollywood actor, Pran, has been cremated.
MOSCOW : Fifty thousand Russian Jewish nationalists are rallying in Moscow.
MOSCOW Several thousand Russian nationalists, are also rallying in Moscow.
MOSCOW : Fifty thousand young Russian nationalists are rallying in Moscow.
MOSCOW thousand Russian radical nationalists who are now rallying in Moscow.
MOSCOW thousand Russian nationalists, who are also rallying in Moscow.
AAP : A boy has died walking in in a Melbourne house fire.
AAP A boy has recently died in inciting a Melbourne house fire.
AAP A boy who has died in a North Melbourne school house fire.
AAP A boy has recently died in a North Melbourne school house fire.
AAP A young boy who has died in a Melbourne school house fire.
Manchester City United have confirmed that Marouane Fellaini, has had undergone the wrist operation.
Manchester United have confirmed Marouane - Fellaini has not had the exact same wrist operation.
Manchester City United have confirmed Marouane Fellaini has but never actually had the wrist operation.
Manchester United have confirmed Marouanet - Fellaini syndrome has had the same wrist operation.
Manchester United have confirmed Marouane Fellaini has not and yet had undergone the wrist operation.
French President, François Hollande, also was caught cheating on one mistress.
French First Vice President François Hollande was caught for cheating on one mistress.
French President, François Hollande, was caught cheating on his one mistress.
French President François Hollande was also caught for cheating on his one mistress.
French Vice President François Hollande, who was caught cheating on one mistress.
Caryl Elwes is now facing further serious financial troubles.
Caryl Elwes Ltd is now facing further financial troubles.
Caryl Elwes is facing further and serious financial troubles.
Caryl Elwess is facing further serious financial troubles.
Caryl Elwes is facing further and serious financial troubles.
Benji Carson is becoming a regular columnist for, the newspaper The New New Washington Times, with his first of what will be a column published Wednesday.
Benjie Carson is becoming a regular guest columnist for the The Washington Business Times, with his first of what will now be a column published Wednesday.
Ben Carson is also considering becoming a columnist for The Washington Times, possibly starting with his first of what soon will be a column, first published Wednesday.
Ben Carson is also now becoming a regular columnist there for The Washington Times, starting with his first of what will be called, a column published Wednesday.
Ben Carson is also becoming a columnist for The New York Washington Post Daily Times, starting off with his first of what will be a column published Wednesday.
A train derailed, and went crashing through, into a building.
A train was derailed, and went crashing down through a building.
A train was also derailed and went down crashing through a building.
A freight train derailed, overturned and went crashing through a building.
A train derailed, and went down crashing through into a building.
NPS MedicineWise is now calling on every living living Australian to do in the fight against the global antibiotic resistance.
NPSA - MedicineWise is calling on every Australian to do something in particular the fight against global antibiotic resistance.
NPSCN - MedicineWise is calling on every living Australian to do in the global fight against antibiotic resistance.
NPS MedicineWise Foundation is calling on every living Australian to always do well in the fight against global antibiotic resistance.
NPS MedicineWise is calling hard work on helping every living Australian to make do in the fight against antibiotic resistance.
Social contact and a more regular physical exercise are key to aging, and to living a longer life.
Social contact and regular daily and physical exercise are key to stopping aging and living for a longer life.
Social contact and regular physical physical exercise are key to stopping the aging and living for a longer life.
Social contact, and regular exercise are the main key to stopping aging and to living a longer life.
Social physical physical contact and regular physical exercise are the key factors to aging and living a longer life.
A teen - boy beat a chihuahua with a large wooden board.
A teen boy beat up a young chihuahua with a wooden board.
A teen beat a small chihuahua with a large, wooden board.
A young teen beat up a chihuahua with a large wooden board.
A teen - boy beat a chihuahua with only a wooden board.
A new community centre will help ensure no - one is left isolated.
A new community health centre will ensure no one is being left isolated.
A community centre will help ensure no - one community is left isolated.
A community health centre will also ensure that no one is left isolated.
A large community health centre will ensure no one else is left isolated.
Dennis and Rodman flew back to the North of Korea to help train the national team.
Dennis Rodman flew back home to North Korea to help him to train the national team.
Dennis and Rodman flew to the North - Korea, to help train the national team.
Dennis Rodman also flew back to North Korea to help help train the US national team.
Dennis and Rodman flew back to North - Korea to help them train the national team.
Women spent more money on purchasing non - traditional items.
Women spent more money on non - traditional traditional items.
Women spent more money on purchasing non - traditional items.
Women spent more money on purchasing non - traditional items.
Women also spent more on purchasing non - traditional items.
A driver who was hurt even when yobs threw him like a block of concrete straight through his windscreen.
A driver himself was seriously hurt when a yobshot threw a block of reinforced concrete through his windscreen.
A driver was hurt when his yobs threw out a block piece of concrete straight through to his windscreen.
A driver was hurt, when yobs threw a large block of concrete straight through to break his windscreen.
A young taxi driver passenger was hurt, when yobs threw a block of concrete straight through his windscreen.
Jennifer Lawrence plans to also take year off from pursuing her Hollywood following.
Jennifer Lee Lawrence plans to take about a year off from Hollywood following.
Jennifer Lee Lawrence plans now to take a year off from Hollywood following.
Jennifer Lee Lawrence plans not to take year off from her Hollywood following.
Jennifer Lawrence plans not to take a full year off from Hollywood following.
A young Bradenton man was allegedly robbed early on on his way home from McDonald.
A Bradenton County man who was being robbed on his way back home from McDonald.
A Bradenton man was being robbed on on his way back home, from McDonald.
A Bradenton man who was being repeatedly robbed on his way home, from McDonald.
A Bradenton County man was robbed while on his way back home across from McDonald.
Nigel Farage has joined the British big - money league, and should he learn to not expect scrutiny, Lord Tebbit has said.
Nigel Farage has just recently joined the big league, and should learn to expect scrutiny, Lord Justice Sir Tebbit Smith has said.
Nigel Farage has joined with the big league and he should learn to expect media scrutiny, " Lord Tebbit MP, has said.
Nigel Farage has joined the British big - league and should he learn to expect media scrutiny, as the Lord Tebbit has said.
Nigel Farage has joined with the big league and he should learn to not to expect scrutiny, as the Lord Tebbit has said.
CSX Surface Transportation also is expected soon to make a big announcement in Brunswick County.
CSX Transportation Company is also expected to make a big announcement here in Brunswick County.
CSX is expected to also make just such a big announcement in New Brunswick County.
CSX is expected to make such a very big announcement right here in Brunswick County.
CSX is also expected not to not make such a big announcement in Brunswick County.
State lawmakers approved inviting TV and Sean Hannity, and other New - New - Yorkers to move back to Tennessee.
State lawmakers approved of inviting TV and Sean Paul Hannity and many other prominent New Yorkers to permanently move to Tennessee.
Statewide lawmakers approved inviting TV Guide and Sean Hannity and other New Yorkers, all to move back to Tennessee.
State lawmakers approved inviting TV and Sean Paul, Hannity and other prominent New Yorkers, to permanently move to Tennessee.
State lawmakers approved of inviting TV Guide, and Sean Paul Hannity and other prominent New Yorkers to move to Tennessee.
NESHA STARCEVIC, The Ashton Eaton team won the individual decathlon and world title.
NESHA STARCEVIC, The American athlete Ashton Eaton won the individual decathlon world title.
NESHANY STARCEVIC, The American Ashton Eaton won the decathlon world title.
NESHAN STARCEVIC, The Ashton - Eaton won him the decathlon world title.
NESHA STARCEVIC, 2011 The Ashton - Eaton won him the decathlon world title.
Muslims in Andhra - Pradesh also celebrated Eid - ul - Azha.
Muslims in the Andhra Pradesh celebrated Eid ul - ul - Azha.
Muslims in the Andhra Pradesh have celebrated Eid - ul - Azha.
Muslims living in the Andhra Pradesh celebrated Eid - ul - Azha.
Muslims living mainly in Andhra Pradesh celebrated Eid - ul - Azha.
State Rep. Kevin Haggerty, who will also help help conduct an outreach event for veterans.
State Rep. Kevin Haggerty, will also conduct an outreach and a fundraising event for veterans.
State Rep. Kevin John replaced Haggerty, Jr who will conduct an outreach event for veterans.
State and Texas Senate Rep. Kevin Haggerty, will conduct an outreach fundraising event for veterans.
State Senate Rep., Senator Kevin John Haggerty, will conduct an outreach event for veterans.
New - Zealand businesses today are largely still suffering after the botulism scare.
New Zealand dairy businesses are also still suffering financially after the botulism scare.
New Zealand businesses today, are still suffering after the 1987 botulism scare.
New Zealand retail businesses today are also still suffering after the botulism scare.
New Zealand businesses today are still suffering financially after the 2008 botulism scare.
Star, Rose and McGowan, who is engaged.
Star, as Rose McGowan, who is engaged.
Star, known as Rose McGowan, is engaged.
Star, Rose McGowan, who also is engaged.
Star, Rose and McGowan, who is engaged.
Crews spent time together battling grassroots fires in eastern Nebraska.
Crews spent battling grassroots fires that occurred in eastern Nebraska.
Crews spent battling the prairie and grass fires in eastern Nebraska.
Crews days spent battling grass fires that occurred in eastern Nebraska.
Crews spent time battling grassroots fires in rural eastern Nebraska.
The speed limit limit on sections of only the A697 road could also be reduced.
The speed limit on sections of which the main A697 could pass not be reduced.
The maximum speed limit limit imposed on sections of the A697 could also be reduced.
The speed limit on some sections of the existing A697 road network could be reduced.
The speed limit limit on only some sections south of the A697 could be reduced.
Jermain Smith - Daniel Defoe who will end his Tottenham Hotspur career as a spectator.
Jermain Defoe, will end his Tottenham Hotspur career, as is just a spectator.
Jermain and Defoe, will endangering his Tottenham Hotspur career as a spectator.
Jermain Defoe, who will also end his Tottenham Hotspur career playing as a spectator.
Jermain Defoe will end his entire Tottenham Tottenham Hotspur career, as just a spectator.
Who asks, only for a small group of investors to come help cause a short squeeze.
Who asks, for a group of investors to help, cause a very very short squeeze.
Who asks, for example a group consisting of investors, to help cause a short squeeze.
Who asks, only for a group of potential investors to cause such a very short squeeze.
Who he asks, for a group of potential investors, only to cause a short squeeze.
The Northern Indiana Inspector - Inspector General has filed an ethics ethics complaint against Tony Bennett.
The Central Indiana Inspector General Office has filed an ethics ethics ethics complaint against Tony Bennett.
The Indiana State Inspector General Office has filed an ethics ethics ethics complaint against Tony Bennett.
The Indiana Inspector General has filed an ethics ethics complaint directly, against Senator Tony Bennett.
The Indiana State Inspector General has filed an ethics ethics complaint against Senator, Tony Bennett.
Tag plays at home plate have the highest injury rate ever recorded, in all professional baseball.
Tag plays at home plate have the highest injury return - rate ever in all professional baseball.
Tagging plays at home - plate have the highest injury return rate ever in professional baseball.
Tag plays at the home plate and have the highest injury rate in almost all professional baseball.
Tag plays well at home plate and have the highest injury rate ever in all professional baseball.
A former Hammond man was sentenced to serve one year in investigating an alleged unprovoked attack.
A Hammondville maniac was sentenced to serve one year in an alleged unprovoked attack.
A Hammond man was sentenced up to over one year imprisonment in an alleged unprovoked attack.
A Hammond man was sentenced twice each to over one year imprisonment in an unprovoked attack.
A Hammondville maniac, who was sentenced to one year in an unprovoked attack.
Eurozone construction, industrial output and growth eased in February.
Eurozone construction and output growth eased down somewhat in February.
Eurozone capital, construction and output growth eased in February.
Eurozone urban construction output and growth eased significantly in February.
Eurozone construction and output growth eased down somewhat in February.
The Air Defense Force has implemented a new flight inspection system.
The Air Force has implemented also, a new inspection system.
The Air Defense Force implemented a completely new aircraft inspection system.
The Russian Air Defense Force implemented a completely new inspection system.
The US Air Force implemented a new automatic flight inspection system.
Toronto Mayor, Robb Ford will launch on his YouTube show.
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford will also launch on his own YouTube show.
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford, will launch on his own YouTube show.
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford will also launch his very own YouTube show.
Toronto Mayor Robb Ford will launch his own political YouTube show.
The Curacao Sea Aquarium Association was proud to have it host 120 children.
The Curacao Islands National Deep Sea Aquarium was proud to host 120 children.
The new Curacao Sea Aquarium was proud to host over - 120 children.
The brand new Curacao Sea Aquarium was proud to host over 120 children.
The Curacao Sea Aquarium was proud to have to host over 120 children.
Doc B's Fresh Water Kitchen, hopes to bring something fresh back to the Golds River Coast area.
Doc B's Fresh Kitchen, hopes to also help bring something fresh to all the Golds Coast area.
Doc - B's Fresh Kitchen hopes to bring out something really fresh to the entire greater Gold Coast area.
Doc - The Doc B's Kitchen Fresh Kitchen hopes to bring something fresh back to the Gold Coast area.
Doc B's The Fresh Kitchen also hopes to bring something fresh back to just the greater Gold Coast area.
Governor Mike Beebe is proposing a $ 5 - 6 billion budget for sometime in the next coming year.
Governor, Mike Van De - Beebe is proposing a $ 5 billion budget plan for the coming year.
Governor Mike Beebe is also considering proposing a $ 5 billion budget for Arkansas the very next coming year.
Governor Mike De Beebe is also proposing a $ $ 5 billion budget package for California the coming year.
Governor, Mike Beebeau is also proposing a $ 5 billion state education budget for the coming year.
A former North Raleigh mother has been charged twice with abusing her son.
A former Raleigh mother who has been falsely charged with abusing her son.
A Raleigh mother has been charged over twice with abusing of her son.
A Raleigh mother has been charged with sexually sexually sexually abusing her son.
A Raleigh mother who has been charged with sexually - abusing her son.
Woodland Hills police officers are also looking for two armed and dangerous robbers.
Woodland police officers are also looking for the two armed and dangerous robbers.
Woodlands police officers are looking for two armed and two dangerous robbers.
Woodland police officers are looking for the two heavily armed and dangerous robbers.
Woodland police are also looking out for two heavily armed and dangerous robbers.
A payday loan can. if i can. i find help to pay off.
A payday or bank loan loan that can can i find help to pay off.
A payday loan that can can i - find or help to help pay off.
A payday loan program can can i find help to help help help pay off.
A payday bank loan can or can i can find or help to pay off.
The East Troy School Administrative District will be temporarily temporarily closed Friday due to inclement weather.
The Troy School District will be being temporarily temporarily closed on Friday due to inclement weather.
The Troy Area School District will be temporarily temporarily closed Friday night due to inclement weather.
The Troy School District School Administrative District will be closed Friday due back to inclement weather.
The Troy Area School District will not yet be closed on Friday due to inclement weather.
How very much the strippers make.
How very very much strippers make.
How much more money strippers make.
How very very much strippers make.
How much money do strippers make.
Karen dissipated to a weak remnant low over in the far north central Gulf late Sunday morning.
Karen dissipated to a remnant low over in the north - central Persian Gulf Gulf Sunday morning.
Karen dissipated to a low remnant low remnant low over the north central Gulf late Sunday morning.
Karen dissipated to a remnant tropical low over the north west - central Gulf late Sunday morning.
Karen eventually dissipated, to become a remnant low over the north central Persian Gulf Sunday morning.
Michelle Keegan has publicly publicly admitted her engagement engagement ring doesn't quite fit her skinny fingers.
Michelle - Michelle Keegan has admitted her engagement ring doesn't even quite fit her skinny fingers.
Michelle Keegan has since admitted her engagement ring still doesn't fit on her long skinny fingers.
Michelle Keegan has admitted her diamond engagement ring ring still doesn't fit on her skinny fingers.
Michelle Keegan has publicly admitted that her engagement engagement ring simply doesn't fit her skinny fingers.
The Ringling Bros. will likely also have canceled their Tuesday night performance.
The Ringling Bros. have canceled their scheduled Tuesday - Thursday night performance.
The two original Ringling Bros. have also canceled their Tuesday night performance.
The Ringling - Brothers Warner Bros. have canceled their Tuesday night performance.
The Ringling Brothers Bros. have canceled their last scheduled Tuesday night performance.
Yasin Bhatkal wanted to fight the NATO forces operating in Afghanistan the US launched, following, the 2001 9 / 11 attacks.
Yasin Bhatkal wanted to fight NATO forces in northern Afghanistan the new coalition US launched following of the 2001 9 / 11 attacks.
Yasin Bhatkal wanted to fight NATO special forces fighting in Afghanistan when the US launched it, following the 9 / 11 attacks.
Yasin Bhatkal wanted to fight the NATO forces in Afghanistan that the new coalition US had launched following the 9 / 11 attacks.
Yasin - Bhatkal wanted to fight NATO forces in northern Afghanistan the new coalition US launched following of the 9 / 11 attacks.
Festivals - adventure @ menchukha festival - aims mainly at niche tourism.
Festival - an annual outdoor adventure @ menchukha - aims at niche tourism.
Festival - adventure @ menchukha - aims at promoting the local niche tourism.
Festivals - an adventure @ the menchukha - aims at niche tourism.
Festival - adventure @ the menchukha - aims more mainly at niche tourism.
The new stained glass gazebo should be in place by the next week.
The brand new glass gazebo should be in place by the next week.
The new gazebo should be in on its place again by next week.
The new gazebo should be put in its proper place by next week.
The new gazebo should all probably be in place again by next week.
Alabama ranks first among the top five states ranked nationwide for doing business.
Alabama ranks among the top five 50 best US states for doing business.
Alabama ranks among only the ten top five states known for doing business.
Alabama ranks among only the top five US states nationwide for doing business.
Alabama currently ranks among only the top five states nationwide for doing business.
Pope Francis Pope Francis will meet again with Vladimir Putin.
Pope Pope Francis also will also meet with Vladimir Putin.
Pope Francis, also will meet with President Vladimir Putin.
Pope Francis I will meet again with President Vladimir Putin.
Pope Francis will meet again, with President Vladimir Putin.
Mustafa Kamal has since resigned voluntarily from joining the Senate.
Mustafa Kamali has since then resigned from the Senate.
Mustafa Kamal has resigned voluntarily from all of the Senate.
Mustafa Kamal Kamal has resigned voluntarily, from the Senate.
Mustafa Kamali has since resigned from both the Senate.
A local church's backlog devoted to carnival attracted thousands.
A church's annual back - to back carnival attracted thousands.
A church's back to back carnival theme has attracted thousands.
A church's back to the way back carnival attracted thousands.
A church's backlogs to the carnival attracted thousands.
Local entrepreneur is launching a direct - marketing marketing and consulting firm.
Local entrepreneur is launching as well a new direct marketing consulting firm.
Local entrepreneur is launching a direct - mail online marketing consulting firm.
Local entrepreneur is launching as a direct - mail marketing consulting firm.
Locally entrepreneur he also is launching a direct marketing consulting firm.
Donald Trump is interested also in purchasing from him the Buffalo Bills.
Donald Trump Donald Trump is interested in purchasing from the Buffalo Bills.
Donald Trump also is not interested specifically in purchasing the Buffalo Bills.
Donald Trump is interested in potentially purchasing from the expansion Buffalo Bills.
Donald Trump also is interested in purchasing the newly expansion Buffalo Bills.
Cityline City is celebrating on its 30th anniversary.
Cityline is currently celebrating its own 30th anniversary.
Cityline is celebrating having its own 30th anniversary.
Cityline is celebrating having its own 30th anniversary.
Cityline is celebrating on it its 30th anniversary.
Plants may have also evolved ways used to control embryo growth and development.
Plants may have also evolved ways to control their embryo growth and development.
Plants have also evolved new ways to help control embryo growth and development.
Plants have evolved ways to help and help control embryo growth and development.
Plants have evolved ways to help help them control embryo growth and development.
A former West San Fernando Valley chiropractor later pled guilty to fraud.
A San Fernando Valley Valley Valley chiropractor later pled guilty to fraud.
A San Fernando Valley Valley chiropractor was later pled guilty to fraud.
A former San Fernando Valley County chiropractor pledging guilty to fraud.
A San Fernando Valley chiropractor pledging him guilty not to fraud.
Six Pace Academy graduate students took part in organizing a national diversity conference.
Six - hundred Pace Academy students also took part in a diversity conference.
Six hundred Pace Academy graduate students also took part in a diversity conference.
Sixteen Pacemaker Academy students took part annually in a diversity conference.
Six Pace Academy graduate students took part annually in a national diversity conference.
Lamar Odom was later also charged with DUI.
Lamar Odom was later also charged with DUI.
Lamarr Odom was also charged with DUI.
Lamar Odoms was also charged with DUI.
Lamar Odom was charged twice more with DUI.
Third time's on all the charm.
Third, time's on the charm.
Third, time's on the charm.
Third, time's on the charm.
Third, first time's the charm.
The use of of the sodium bicarbonate reduced infant mortality following coronary angiography.
The use of the sodium bicarbonate has reduced infant mortality following coronary angiography.
The increased use of sodium and bicarbonate reduced the mortality following coronary angiography.
The use of the drug with sodium bicarbonate reduced mortality following coronary angiography.
The widespread use of sodium chloride bicarbonate reduced mortality rates following coronary angiography.
The 69th annual birth - anniversary of Minister of Rajiv Gandhi Gandhi Gandhi was observed.
The 69th birth birth - anniversary of Minister of Rajiv Gandhi, Gandhi was observed.
The 69th birth anniversary celebration of Minister of Rajiv Gandhi, Gandhi Gandhi was observed.
The 69th birth anniversary celebration, of Minister of Rajiv Gandhi Gandhi, was observed.
The 69th birth - anniversary in celebration birthday of Minister of Rajiv Gandhi was observed.
Cisco Systems Inc. has sold $. 8 - billion in bonds.
Cisco Systems Inc. has sold $ $ 8 - billion in bonds.
Cisco Network Systems Inc., has sold $ 8 billion in bonds.
Cisco Systems Inc. has since sold $ 8 billion USD in bonds.
Cisco Systems Inc. sold over US $ 8 - billion in bonds.
Malaysia believes information can play an bigger role, in developing the future Malaysian aviation industry.
Malaysia believes information can not potentially play even an bigger role in developing the aviation industry.
Malaysia believes information can potentially also play an even - bigger role in the aviation industry.
Malaysia government also believes information can play even an bigger role in developing the aviation industry.
Malaysia believes information can play an even more an bigger role than in the aviation industry.
Rossetti bounced back, registering a not very convincing win.
Ross bounced back, finally registering quite a damn convincing win.
Ross bounced right back, registering a not very convincing win.
Ross bounced him right back, registering quite a convincing win.
Ross bounced right on his back, registering a convincing win.
Thai opposition and protesters marched outside government offices.
Thai opposition groups and protesters marched government offices.
Thai and opposition protesters also marched government offices.
Thai opposition protesters marched outside the government offices.
Thai and opposition protesters also marched government offices.
Fire Prevention Week was also started Sunday.
Fire - related Prevention Week started Sunday.
Fire - Prevention Action Week started Sunday.
Fire Prevention and Action Week started Sunday.
Fire Prevention Week was also started Sunday.
God - alone has always just had less relevance in the life.
God has always had far less relevance than in all the life.
God alone has always had far less personal relevance in the life.
God has also not always had less relevance in all the life.
God has always had a far less relevance in all the life.
Adrien Broners turns out 24 today.
Adrienne the Broner turns 24 today.
Adrienne Broner turns out 24 today.
Adrien Broner turns out only 24 today.
Adrien Broner just about turns 24 today.
Megan Hilty has wed her love, actor Brian Gallagher, living in Las Vegas.
Megan Hilty wed her first love, actor Brian Gallagher, living in Las Vegas.
Megan Hilty wed her love, Brianna Ann Gallagher, living in Las Vegas.
Megan Hilty has just wed her love, actor Brian Gallagher, in Las Vegas.
Megan Hilty weds with her love, Brian Gallagher, in downtown Las Vegas.
The Truman State University volleyball team also won their 6th - straight championship match at Quincy.
The previously undefeated 2010 Trumansburg State volleyball team won their 6th straight match at Quincy.
The 2010 Truman State University volleyball team won in their 6th straight matchup at Quincy.
The Truman State University volleyball team has won in their 6th straight home match at Quincy.
The Truman State volleyball team also won in their 6th - ever straight match at Quincy.
The Scottish film faced a choice of between both the two futures.
The Scottish language film faced a choice between choosing its two futures.
The Scottish drama film faced problems with a choice between two futures.
The Scottish language film faced a choice made of between two futures.
The first Scottish film faced a difficult choice between the two futures.
Unhygienic toilets there will be either made redundant and demolished.
Unhygienic public toilets that will be made redundant and demolished.
Unhygienic toilets will also be locally made, and demolished.
Unhygienic public toilets, that will be made and demolished.
Unhygienic toilets that will also eventually be made and demolished.
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono may not be expecting the president to acknowledge that he believes strongly in witchcraft.
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono may be the current president refusing to acknowledge he still strongly believes in witchcraft.
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono may also also also be the president refusing to acknowledge he believes in witchcraft.
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono may not be the president to acknowledge publicly that, he believes in witchcraft.
Susilok Bambang Yudhoyono may be asking the president not to acknowledge he believes strongly in witchcraft.
BF & M Company stock fell 10 cents.
BF & M shares fell to 10 cents.
BF & M fell back to 10 cents.
BFH & M stock fell 10 cents.
BF & M fell to about 10 cents.
Brendan Rodgers also also hails Luis Suarez.
Brendan Rodgers also also hails Luis Suarez.
Brendan Rodgers also also hails Luis Suarez.
Brendan Brendan Rodgers hails from Luis Suarez.
Brendan Rodgers Brendan Rodgers hails Luis Suarez.
For children with atopic skin dermatitis, symptoms may persist throughout throughout childhood.
For children with chronic atopic skin dermatitis, symptoms persists throughout childhood.
For the most children with atopic dermatitis, these symptoms persist throughout childhood.
For children diagnosed with atopic dermatitis, these clinical symptoms persist throughout childhood.
For children diagnosed with chronic atopic dermatitis, these symptoms persist throughout childhood.
Paramount Motion Picture Pictures is currently laying off 110 workers.
Paramount Motion Pictures Corporation is currently laying off 110 workers.
Paramount Motion Pictures is laying - off about 110 workers.
Paramount Motion Pictures is currently laying off over 110 workers.
Paramount Motion Pictures is laying lay - off 110 workers.
Who else gets you hurt in a shutdown.
Who else gets really hurt in a shutdown.
Who gets hurt, or in a shutdown.
Who gets them hurt, in a shutdown.
Who gets them hurt, in a shutdown.
Woqodi opened its petrol station at The Pearl River Pearl - Qatar.
Woqod opened its first commercial petrol station at The Pearl Hotel - Qatar.
Woqod opened up its petrol filling station, at The Pearl - Qatar.
Woqodi also opened its petrol station at " The Pearl - Qatar.
Woqod opened its first petrol station at " The " Pearl - Qatar.
Results show some improvement in test scores and attendance rates for all the local students.
Results show some significant improvement rates in scores and rates even higher for local students.
Results show only some improvement in test attendance scores and graduation rates for local students.
Results also show only showing some improvement in scores and attendance rates for local students.
Results also show only some improvement in scores, and rates for the local students.
A Richmond man wanted in Southern California for alleged sex - human trafficking related offences was arrested by joining the US border patrol.
A Richmond man wanted in California for his alleged sex offences, was later also arrested by the US - US border patrol.
A Richmond man wanted in rural Southern California for his alleged sex offences was later arrested by the US US military border patrol.
A Richmond man, formerly wanted in California for his own alleged sex trafficking offences was arrested again by the US border patrol.
A Richmond County man most wanted in California for all his alleged sex trafficking offences was arrested twice by the US border patrol.
A boy who was trapped at a sand - dune was also later released from prison outside the hospital.
A boy who was trapped at a sand dune was eventually safely released safely away from inside the hospital.
A boy who was trapped at sea near a nearby sand dune was released safely away from the hospital.
A boy, who was found trapped at a sand - dune, was later released from the hospital.
A boy who was trapped at a sand dune was also later on later, released from the hospital.
The Butler County Transportation Commissioners have successfully lobbied to approve such as a transportation funding bill.
The Butler County County Transportation Commissioners have lobbied to unanimously unanimously approve a transportation funding bill.
The Butler County Transportation Commissioners have lobbied to approve such a transportation - related funding bill.
The Butler County Commissioners have lobbied Congress to approve a new public - transportation funding bill.
The Butler County Commissioners have lobbied to approve of a major new transportation infrastructure funding bill.
The state also released, its, much tougher report cards.
The state released almost all its, much tougher report cards.
The state has also released its, tougher, report cards.
The new state released all its, much tougher report cards.
The state has also released its, tougher, report cards.
A woman, who was later sacked two hours later after learning she had cancer claims.
A woman, who was sacked just hours later after learning she had no cancer claims.
A woman, who was then later sacked hours after learning she had no cancer claims.
A woman who resigned, was later sacked hours after learning she had no cancer claims.
A woman, the one who was sacked hours after first learning she had cancer claims.
Railways Department has decided to also increase passenger fares and freight - fare tariff by about 2 percent.
Railways has decided not even to increase the passenger fare and the freight tariffs by about 2 percent.
Railways Department also, recently has decided, to increase passenger fare and freight tariff by about 2 percent.
Railways has decided to increase the passenger fares and freight fare tariff by only by about 2 percent.
Railways has decided to increase passenger fare and the air freight fare tariff by about only about 2 percent.
Two were ATMs that were stolen.
Two ATMs, that were stolen.
Two more large ATMs were stolen.
Two ATMs, that were stolen.
Two were ATMs that were stolen.
Traffic light cameras in Phenix City have also had recently reported some drivers seeing red.
Traffic cameras in the Phenix City area have had what some drivers report seeing red.
Traffic cameras in Phenix City Park have reportedly had some local taxi drivers seeing red.
Traffic cameras recently installed in the Phenix City have had some drivers report seeing red.
Traffic cameras in nearby Phenix City may have had some local drunk drivers seeing red.
TWO firearms were reportedly also stolen away from a Colac shed.
TWO firearms that were stolen from in a nearby Colac shed.
TWO Two firearms were stolen from a nearby nearby Colac shed.
TWO firearms licenses were stolen from customers inside a Colac shed.
TWO firearms were stolen from a nearby nearby Mount Colac shed.
Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. intends not continue to offer senior notes.
Thermo - Fisher Scientific Inc. intends to also offer new senior notes.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. also intends not to offer the senior notes.
Thermo - based Fisher Scientific Inc. also intends to offer senior notes.
Thermo Fisherman International Scientific Inc. also intends to offer senior notes.
Teachers are being also offered the chance not to win the £5 15, 000 grants.
Teachers themselves are being offered the chance, to help win £5 15, 000 grants.
Teachers who graduate are being offered the chance to win the £5 15, 000 grants.
Teachers are now being also offered with the chance to win the £ 15, 000 grants.
Teachers who are being taught offered the chance it is to win £ 15, 000 grants.
The BJP is extremely keen on passing legislation on the upcoming Lokpal Election Bill, said.
The ruling BJP is extremely keen on not passing the Lokpal Election Amendment Bill, said.
The ruling party BJP is extremely keen on passing legislation on the Lokpal Bill, said.
The ruling BJP party is extremely very keen on not passing the Lokpal Bill, said.
The BJP is extremely keen now on supporting the passing the upcoming Lokpal Bill, said.
Ashley Greener is to play her opposite Priscilla Presley.
Ashley Greene is set to also play opposite Priscilla Presley.
Ashley Greener is to also play opposite Priscilla Presley.
Ashley Graham - Greene, is to play Priscilla Presley.
Ashley Greener, is to also play Priscilla Presley.
Over 150 - million defaulted homestead lots on South Saipan will be redistributed.
Over 150 million defaulted homesteading lots on Saipan will also be redistributed.
Over 150 million defaulted homestead lots on Saipang Island will be redistributed.
Over the 150 defaulted homestead lots on Saipan Island land will be redistributed.
Over 150 defaulted homestead lots on North of Saipan Island will be redistributed.
Michael Pineda was being ejected, for allegedly using pine tar.
Michael sees Pineda being forcibly ejected for using the pine tar.
Michael Pineda being ejected for allegedly not using the pine tar.
Michael of Pineda being forcibly forcibly ejected for using pine tar.
Michael sees La Pineda after being ejected for using pine tar.
James Storm appears to have suffered such an injury at Black Friday's live in house show.
James Storm appears to also not have suffered an elbow injury while at Friday's house show.
James Storm appears to have suffered from an injury backstage at Friday's live in house show.
James Storm appears not to have suffered such of an injury at the Friday's house show.
James Van Stormer appears to also have suffered an injury at Friday's live house show.
Tornadoes hit large parts of Texas both the central and southern US.
Tornadoes hit parts of Canada both the central Canada and southern US.
Tornadoes hit parts east of the south central Canada and southern US.
Tornadoes hit parts of both of the central and far southern US.
Tornadoes also hit other parts of both the central and southern US.
Twenty - four people arrested were arrested during New Year's Eve fireworks displays and celebrations at Stateline.
Twenty - four - four people were arrested, during New - Year's Eve celebrations at Stateline.
Twenty - four four people were also arrested during New Year's - Eve Eve celebrations at Stateline.
Twenty - four people arrested were arrested during New Year's Eve celebrations held almost annually at Stateline.
Twenty - four people were arrested during the New Year's Eve Eve during fireworks celebrations at Stateline.
A earthquake caused light shaking in both Puerto Rico, and the mainland United States, and Virgin Islands.
A earthquake caused light shaking and events in the both Puerto Rico Islands and the United States Virgin Islands.
A earthquake has also caused light shaking in both Puerto - Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands.
A earthquake caused a very light shaking in both Puerto Rico and the neighboring United States the Virgin Islands.
A earthquake caused light shaking in both Puerto Rico and the United - Commonwealth of States - Virgin Islands.
Andrew John - Van Bynum made his first start as such a member, of the Cavaliers they played at Chicago.
Andrew Bynum had made his very first start as a member of the Cleveland Cavaliers they had played against at Chicago.
Andrew Bynums made his first start as a a team member of the Cavaliers when they played against at Chicago.
Andrew Bynum made his first professional start when as a a member of the Cleveland Cavaliers they first played at Chicago.
Andrew Bynum also later made his first start as a a team member of the Cavaliers when they played at Chicago.
Carolee King will be honoured as being the MusiCares personification of all the year.
Carole King, who will be honoured posthumously as the MusiCares person of all the year.
Carolee King will also be honoured as the best MusiCares person of all the year.
Carolee the King will also be honoured as the MusiCares'person of the year.
Carole King will also be honoured posthumously, as the MusiCares'person of the year.
ELLENCE Ellen Mary DeGeneres didn't get a lot of much sleep after the Oscars.
ELLEN DeGeneres didn't get a lot out of much to lose sleep after the Oscars.
ELLEN DeGeneres didn't get a lot out, of sleep, until after the Oscars.
ELLEN DeGeneres probably didn't get a whole whole lot out of sleep after the Oscars.
ELLEN DeGeneres probably didn't get a lot out of his sleep after watching the Oscars.
Eric Winstone believes that Michael and not Sam will be judged on his ability.
Erick - Winston believes that Michael Sam will be judged based on his ability.
Eric Winstone also believes that Michael Sam will be highly judged on his ability.
Eric Winston believes Michael and Sam will be highly - judged based on his ability.
Eric Winston believes that Michael Sammons will not be judged on just his ability.
A Marysville man pleaded a not guilty plea due to the touching of an girl.
A Marysville man pleaded not plea - guilty to touching photos of such an girl.
A young Marysville man pleaded not guilty not to the touching of such an girl.
A young Marysville man pleaded not - guilty not to touching of such an girl.
A Marysville police man pleaded a not guilty not to touching that of an girl.
FremantleMedia, has signed on to a deal, to also acquire a stake in 495 Productions.
FremantleMedia, LLC LLC, has signed a deal specifically to acquire a stake in 495 Productions.
FremantleMedia, has signed a deal agreeing to also acquire a half a stake in 495 Productions.
FremantleMedia, LLC, has signed a deal to also acquire a stakeholder in 495 Productions.
FremantleMedia, has signed on to a new deal to also acquire a stake in 495 Productions.
UnitedHealth Group also has until today reported second quarter results.
UnitedHealth Group today reported on the second - quarter results.
UnitedHealth Group today has reported second first - quarter results.
UnitedHealth Insurance Group of today has reported second quarter results.
UnitedHealth Group members today reported the second - quarter results.
Robert Al Khuzami, also the former chief, is now also set to join Kirkland & Ellis LLP.
Robert Ali Khuzami, the former chief, also is also set to join Kirkland & John Ellis LLP.
Robert Khuzami, now is also the former chief, is set to join Kirkland Ellis & Ellis LLP.
Robert Khuzami, now also the former police chief, is set to eventually join Kirkland & Ellis LLP.
Robert Al Khuzami, the former chief, is now also is set to join Kirkland & Ellis LLP.
A Kodiak woman has recently started successfully running a diaper bank.
A young Kodiak woman has started by running a diaper bank.
A young Kodiak woman has recently recently started a diaper bank.
A young Kodiak woman who has recently started a diaper bank.
A Kodiak woman who has started up a new diaper bank.
Spirit of AeroSystems Investment Holdings Inc. intends instead to offer investors up to $ $ 300 million in amount instead of senior unsecured notes.
Spirit AeroSystems Financial Holdings Inc., intends to also publicly offer up to $ 300 - million USD in amount of senior unsecured notes.
Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc., intends to also offer up to $ 300 million annually in the exact same amount of senior unsecured notes.
Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc. intends to offer up - front to $ $ 300 - million in amount, consisting of senior unsecured notes.
Spirit of America AeroSystems Holdings Inc. intends to offer up up to up to US $ 300 million in amount of senior unsecured notes.
Two local black Catholic youths were booked for harassing two women.
Two other youths were also booked for harassing the two women.
Two youths arrested were booked for sexually harassing the two women.
Two youths who were booked out, for harassing two women.
Two youths were later also booked out for harassing two women.
Leathercraft, Inc. is also opening a new retail showroom in under the 200 building for the High - Point Market.
Leathercraft Inc., is opening a new showroom located downtown, in the 200 building reserved for the High Point Market.
Leathercraft Inc. is opening a brand new retail showroom located in the 200 building for expanding the High - Point Market.
Leathercraft Inc. is opening a new showroom located in the brand new 200 seat building for the High - Point Market.
Leathercraft Inc., is opening a new retail retail showroom in 2014 near the 200 building for the High Point Market.
A man who was hit repeatedly, by a vehicle, is now in critical condition.
A man who was not being directly hit by a vehicle, is in critical condition.
A young man who recently was repeatedly hit repeatedly by a vehicle is in critical condition.
A man who was hit almost repeatedly by such a heavy vehicle is in critical condition.
A man who recently had just was hit repeatedly by a vehicle is in critical condition.
SpiceJet Airlines will announce also, an order for 42 Boeing 737 MAX jets, as a source.
SpiceJet will announce also an order also for 42 new Boeing 737 MAX regional jets, a source.
SpiceJet will also announce an order for 42 new Boeing 737 - MAX jets, from a source.
SpiceJet Airlines also will announce an order also for 42 Boeing 737 MAX regional jets, a source.
SpiceJet will also announce an order also for 42 Boeing 737 MAX 400 regional jets, a source.
Fabio Fognini eased back through his opening match at both the St. Petersburg Open.
Fabio di Fognini eased through with his match win coming at the St Petersburg Open.
Fabio di Fognini eased through his match win at the St. - Petersburg Open.
Fabio and Fognini had eased back through his match at both the St Petersburg Open.
Fabio Maria Fognini eased him through in winning his match at the St Petersburg Open.
The actress, Raveena Rani Tandon, who launched her own jewellery line, spoke.
The actress Raveena Rani Tandon, who launched her very own jewellery line, spoke.
The Raveena of Tandon, woman who had launched her own jewellery line, spoke.
The Raveena Tandon, woman who had launched into her own jewellery line, spoke.
The Raveena Tandon, the woman, who launched her own jewellery line, spoke.
A helicopter has been joined in the search and effort for the missing female dog walker.
A rescue helicopter has joined in the search for " " the " missing dog walker.
A helicopter has joined in with the search for the presumed - dead missing dog walker.
A helicopter crew member has joined in with the search effort for the missing dog walker.
A helicopter has also been joined in the search effort for the presumed missing dog walker.
Fayette Business Information Systems Group has joined with the Acumatica channel.
Faye Business Information Systems Group has also recently joined the Acumatica channel.
Faye Business Information and Systems Group has also joined the Acumatica channel.
Faye Business Information and Information Systems Group has joined the Acumatica channel.
Faye Business Systems Group has also joined on to the Acumatica channel.
A second search will then resume again on Christmas Island.
A search party will be then resume on Christmas Island.
A search party will then resume later on Christmas Island.
A search will resume later on on nearby Christmas Island.
A second search will resume later on on Christmas Island.
Brooke - Mueller will be recently released from rehab, and is very keen to get her back so that she can regain.
Brooke Muellers will be recently released from rehab and that she is keening to get back together so she can regain.
Brooke Mueller will soon after be released from rehab and is keen to finally finally get her back so that she can regain.
Brooke - Mueller will be released early from rehab and is keen to get her back home so much that she can regain.
Brooke Muelleri will be recently released back from rehab and is very much keen to get back so that she can regain.
Pokemon,, X and, Y, will introduce the concept of mega evolutions.
Pokemon, X, and Y, will also introduce the concept of mega evolutions.
Pokemon - X and YX will introduce also the new concept of mega evolutions.
Pokemon X and Y will also help also introduce the concept of the mega evolutions.
Pokemon X, and Y will introduce the concept and theory of the mega evolutions.
Salvah al - Kiiry has questioned the legitimacy of unilateral actions taken by some Iraqi state governors.
Salvah - Kiiru has questioned the legitimacy of unilateral actions being taken by some former state governors.
Salva Kiiru has also questioned the legitimacy of unilateral actions being taken by the other some state governors.
Salva Kiir has also publicly questioned the legitimacy of the alleged unilateral actions taken out by some state governors.
Salvah Kiir has also questioned the legitimacy claims of the unilateral actions being taken by some state governors.
It rejected Australia's concerns about establishing a new air defence war - zone, even after Australia called.
It rejected Australia's and expressed security concerns about a new Australian air defence zone, after Australia called.
It rejected Australia's concerns, about creating a possible new air defence war zone, after Australia called.
It rejected Australia's expressed concerns about establishing a new air - defence war zone, after Australia called.
It also rejected Western Australia's concerns about a possible new air defence zone, after South Australia called.
Pakistan has also condemned the March 2014 US drone strike that took place in North Waziristan.
Pakistan government has condemned the US drone missile air - strike that took in North Waziristan.
Pakistan government has condemned the March 2014 US drone strike that took in the North Waziristan.
Pakistan government has condemned also the 2014 US drone strike, that took in North Waziristan.
Pakistan government also has condemned the US drone drone strike, that took in North Waziristan.
Angela Merkel agreed not to form a new coalition or government with the opposition Social Democrats.
Angela Merkel also agreed not to help form a new coalition government with the Social Democrats.
Angela Merkel also agreed not to form a new coalition or government with the Social Democrats.
Angela Merkel agreed not to help form in a coalition government with only the Social Democrats.
Angela Merkel agreed not only to form a coalition minority in government with the Social Democrats.
DST Systems, Inc., is opening a second office location in India.
DST Information Systems Inc. is also opening a new second office in India.
DST Systems Inc., is opening up a new second office in India.
DST Systems Inc., is also opening a new second office in India.
DST Information Systems Inc. is opening - up a second office in India.
Kanye West will likely have also not be seen facing charges in a recent attack.
Kanye West West reportedly will not even be facing criminal charges in a recent attack.
Kanye West - West will not be seen facing charges in investigating a recent attack.
Kanye West West will not again be seen facing charges in a more recent attack.
Kanye West West West West West will not be facing charges in a recent attack.
The graduating class of 1963, will meet annually on Wednesday.
The classes of year 1963 will meet annually on Wednesday.
The graduating class of year 1963 will then meet on Wednesday.
The classes of year 1963 will meet annually on Wednesday.
The graduating class of 1963 will also then meet on Wednesday.
Manchester United City midfielder Manchester United striker Alvaro Negredo has been voted the signing of the season.
Manchester City striker Alvaro Negredon, has been voted the best signings of the season.
Manchester City striker, José Alvaro Negredo has been voted the signings player of the season.
Manchester City striker, Alvaro Negredon, has also been voted the signing of the season.
Manchester City internationals striker Alvaro Negredo has been also voted as the signing of the season.
Canadian wrestler, Lorie Kane won the WWE Legends Championship.
Canadian Lorie Kane won at the 2011 World Legends Championship.
Canadian Lorie Smith - Kane won both the Legends Championship.
Canadian professional wrestler Lorie Marie Kane won the Legends Championship.
Canadian wrestler Lorie Smith - Kane won the Legends Championship.
Romania, it has become to officially legalize medical marijuana.
Romania it also has become to officially legalize medical marijuana.
Romania has become reluctant to legalize all the medical marijuana.
Romania policy has long since become to legalize medical marijuana.
Romania it has become to not officially legalize medical marijuana.
James Alexander Wardle has been given only a lucky losers spot in Indian Wells.
James Wardle has been most recently also given a lucky loser spot in Indian Wells.
James Wardle has been given a second lucky - loser spot, in Indian Wells.
James - Alexander Ward has also been given a lucky losers spot in Indian Wells.
James Wardle has been given a lucky loser spot, playing only in Indian Wells.
A female former prosecutor was convicted twice of one single count of paying for a female underage escort for sex.
A former prosecutor was later also later convicted twice of one count of paying a underage escort service for sex.
A former federal prosecutor, who was convicted of one count of illegally paying a underage female escort for sex.
A former prosecutor who died was convicted, of just one count of paying for a underage escort for sex.
A female former prosecutor who was convicted twice of one count of paying a underage escort escort service for sex.
A former US senator was stabbed dead, by his son.
A US Republican state senator was also stabbed by his son.
A young former US senator was also stabbed by his son.
A US state senator was stabbed dead, by his son.
A US Republican state senator was stabbed by shooting his son.
Qatar Exchange said trading operations had been temporarily suspended because because of a major technical problem.
Qatar Exchange said trading had been suspended because instead of because because of a technical problem.
Qatar Stock Exchange said trading operations had been suspended because because of such a technical problem.
Qatar Stocks Exchange has said trading had been suspended because because of a technical problem.
Qatar Exchange Authority said trading operations had been suspended indefinitely because of such a technical problem.
Gu Kailai's witness testimony against " her then late husband, Bo Xilai, will lead to more charges " against her.
Gu Kailai's testimony against killing of her husband, Bou Xilai, will lead to the many more charges against her.
Guu Kailai's testimony against her husband, Bo Xilai, also will lead to two more criminal charges brought against her.
Gu Kailai's testimony made against her by her husband, Bo Xilai, will lead to more charges filed directly against her.
Guu - Kailai's testimony against her husband, Bo - Xilai, will lead up prosecution to more charges against her.
A young local youth has also been arrested for blackmailing girls.
A youth rights activist has been recently arrested for blackmailing girls.
A youth activist has also been recently arrested for blackmailing girls.
A female youth activist has been recently arrested for blackmailing girls.
A female youth activist has been recently arrested for blackmailing girls.
General Mills Paper Mills Inc. has also launched a snack subscription service.
General Mills, Inc. has launched as a free snack subscription service.
General Paper Mills Inc. has recently also launched a snack subscription service.
General Mills, Inc. has been launched as a snack subscription service.
General Mills Inc. has launched a snack fast - food subscription service.
The council - members have gone off on all their holidays.
The city council members have gone off on all their holidays.
The other council members have all gone off on their holidays.
The other council members must have gone off on their holidays.
The local local council have also gone off on their holidays.
The Obama administration is putting off its final decision based on not closing the Keystone XL pipeline.
The Obama administration currently is putting off making its own final decision on the Keystone XL pipeline.
The new Barack Obama administration is currently putting off its final decision on the Keystone XL pipeline.
The Obama administration is putting off not making its decision on the newly proposed Keystone XL pipeline.
The new Obama administration is putting off its decision - making on closing the Keystone XL pipeline.
A Charleroi Jewish woman was also later charged with prostitution.
A Charleroi woman, was also charged twice with prostitution.
A Charleroi womanizer also was also charged with prostitution.
A young Charleroi Jewish woman was also charged with prostitution.
A very young Charleroi woman was also charged with prostitution.
Roger Federer will also not arrive in Brisbane.
Roger and Federer will also arrive in Brisbane.
Roger Federer, will arrive back in Brisbane.
Roger and Federer will also arrive in Brisbane.
Roger and Federer will arrive back in Brisbane.
Phillips Idowue, will likely not be competing again after announcing he is taking step - back from athletics.
Phillips Idowu will also not yet be competing after publicly announcing he is taking step further - back from athletics.
Phillips Idowu will not be competing after announcing he is just now seriously considering a taking step back from athletics.
Phillips said later that Idowu will not be competing after announcing he himself is taking a step back from athletics.
Phillips Idowu will also still not be competing after announcing he himself himself is taking a step back from athletics.
Davey Hamilton Performances Racing has renewed his partnership with Schmidt Peterson Motorsports.
Davey Hamilton has renewed his partnership with the new team Schmidt Peterson Motorsports.
Davey Hamilton has not since renewed his racing partnership with Schmidt Peterson Motorsports.
Davey Boy Hamilton has renewed his partnership with the Schmidt - Peterson Motorsports.
Davey Boy Hamilton Racing has since renewed his partnership with Schmidt Peterson Motorsports.
Two Italian marines will also be being successfully tried in India.
Two Italian marines, who will be tried later in India.
Two Italian merchant - marines will also be tried in India.
Two Italian merchant marines will be tried again, in India.
Two Italian merchant marines will also be being tried in India.
Joe Joe Biden is scheduled to visit the entire UCF Thursday.
Joe Biden is scheduled to personally visit at the UCF Thursday.
Joe Biden is scheduled not return to personally visit UCF Thursday.
Joe Joe Biden III is not scheduled to visit UCF Thursday.
Joe Biden is not scheduled yet to visit the UCF Thursday.
Week a new legislative phase, that begins when it comes to the Affordable Care Act.
Week before a new legislative process phase begins it also comes to the Affordable Care Act.
Week a new federal legislative phase begins it immediately comes to the Federal Affordable Care Act.
Week a major new federal legislative phase begins it comes to be the Affordable Care Act.
Week a whole new phase that really begins it comes to the Affordable Health Care Act.
The Washington Capitals were locked, retro - forward signing Karl Alzner.
The Washington Capitals were locked, retro - signing forward Karl Alzner.
The 2010 Washington State Junior Capitals locked, re - signing Karl Alzner.
The Washington Capitals locked, especially after retro - signing Karl Alzner.
The new Washington Capitals were locked, re - signing goaltender Karl Alzner.
Where not to to get domperidone in singapore.
Where to get to the domperidone in singapore.
Where possible to get domperidone is in singapore.
Where to get the domperidone is in singapore.
Where to get to the domperidone in singapore.
Pakistan has freed President Pervez Musharraf, from under his house arrest.
Pakistan has also freed President Pervez Musharraf from under his house arrest.
Pakistan has freed President Pervez Musharraf Khan from his mandatory house arrest.
Pakistan has freed Pervez Musharraf Khan, from under his house arrest.
Pakistan has freed former President Pervez Musharraf from under his house arrest.
The Davis'Cup final will also be being played on a synthetic hard surface.
The 2018 Davis'Cup final match will be played outdoors on a hard surface.
The Davis Cup final match will be played outdoors on just such a hard surface.
The 2018 Davis'Cup doubles semi final will be played on a hard surface.
The Davis Cup 2018 final match will be played on on a synthetic hard surface.
A Danish woman was molested at near the old Amritsar Central railway station.
A Danish Muslim woman was allegedly molested at the Amritsar Central railway station.
A Danish Muslim woman was also molested, at the Amritsar railway station.
A Danish woman was also allegedly molested at the nearby Amritsar railway station.
A young Danish Muslim woman was molested at the nearby Amritsar railway station.
The University of Technology Coimbra, also has established an alumni association based in Macau.
The University of Coimbra also recently has also established an alumni'association in Macau.
The University of Technology Coimbra has established an active and international alumni association in Macau.
The University of Technology Coimbra also has established also an international alumni association in Macau.
The University College of Coimbra, has established an international alumni association based in Macau.
The Western United States, and Russia, have begun crisis talks focusing on Ukraine.
The United - States, and later Russia, have begun crisis talks on Ukraine.
The United Arab States, and Russia have recently also begun crisis talks on Ukraine.
The United Arab States and the Russia have begun joint - crisis talks on Ukraine.
The Western United States, and Russia, have begun joint crisis talks on Ukraine.
An alleged NDFB militant was also shot dead.
An NDFBU militant was also shot dead.
An NDFB militant was later also shot dead.
An NDFBU militant was also shot dead.
An alleged NDFB militant was also shot dead.
The North Greenville University Band has received from a couple donations to help to fund the school's arena / worship center.
The name North - Greenville University received from a local couple donations to fund the school's arenas / worship center.
The North Greenville State University received funding from a couple donations used to fund the school's arenas / worship center.
The North Greenville State University has received funding from a local couple to fund the school's arena / campus worship center.
The North Greenville University received from a couple to fund building of the school's arenas and arts / worship center.
China, Iran's trading partner, repeated its opposition on Friday to impose the tougher December 2008 US sanctions imposed on Iran.
China, Iran's largest foreign trading partner, repeated in its strong opposition on Good Friday to tougher US sanctions on Iran.
China, Iran's trading partner, repeated its oppositional motion on Friday to tougher US economic and sanctions sanctions on Iran.
China, Iran's trading - partner, also repeated its opposition on Friday to the tougher US sanctions imposed directly on Iran.
China, Iran's largest trading partner, has also repeated its opposition call on Friday to impose tougher US sanctions on Iran.
Andres van Schurrle claims that the Chelsea are feeling confident ahead.
Andre Schurrles claims the young of Chelsea are feeling confident ahead.
Andres Schurrle claims the Chelsea are feeling more than confident ahead.
Andre Schurrle claims the Chelsea are feeling " more than confident ahead.
Andres Schurrle claims the Chelsea fans are not feeling confident ahead.
Autopsy results were pending on the two dead body parts found of a man found in near the Ohio River.
Autopsy test results were pending, on finding the body of a young man found floating in the Ohio River.
Autopsy results " were pending " on the " body parts of " a man found in the Ohio River.
Autopsy results were pending on the body parts of what a young man found buried in near the Ohio River.
Autopsy results were pending, based on the dead body of a young man found in near the Ohio River.
No. 1 # # 19 women's lacrosse used to defeat San Diego Golden State, 14 9.
No. 19 women's lacrosse used to win easily defeat San San Diego State, 13 14 9.
No. 19 women's lacrosse national team was used to defeat San San Diego State, 14 9.
No. 19 women's lacrosse used to win to defeat, San San Diego State, 14 9.
No. 19 women's varsity lacrosse used overtime time to easily defeat San Diego State, 14 9.
A forward pass has been denied France after scoring a late last - minute conversion try in the France v Ireland match, on 15th March 2014.
A forward over - pass has denied France a last half - minute try, in both the France v Ireland match, on 15th March 2014.
A forward passer has denied France a last - - minute try in both the France v Ireland first test match, on 15th March 2014.
A forward pass has denied to the France side after a last minute try in the France v Ireland match, on the Saturday 15th March 2014.
A forward pass has been denied by France after a last minute conversion try in the last France v Northern Ireland match, on 15th March 2014.
Jul. 20 Kevin Kevin Anderson advanced directly to the Claro Bank Open Colombia semifinals.
Jul 20 : Quarterfinals Kevin Anderson advanced to play the Claro Open, Colombia semifinals.
Jul 20 : Kevin Anderson advanced directly to the 2018 Claro Bank Open Colombia semifinals.
Jul 20 Kevin Kevin Anderson advanced to the El Claro Open, the Colombia semifinals.
Jul - 20 Kevin Anderson advanced to play the Claro Colombia Open, Colombia semifinals.
Israel freed 26 Palestinian prisoners, on the stage one of granting a amnesty.
Israel freed another 268 Palestinian prisoners, the stage one of a amnesty.
Israel freed 26 Palestinian Palestinian political prisoners, the first stage of a amnesty.
Israel freed 268 Palestinian prisoners, setting the stage of granting a amnesty.
Israel freed the remaining 26 Palestinian prisoners, the stage of granting a amnesty.
Davide Moyes is very happy to see Wayne and Rooney start.
David Moyes is happy enough to finally see young Wayne Rooney start.
David Moyess is also very happy to see Wayne Rooney start.
Davide Moyes is happy to see manager, Wayne Rooney start.
David Moyes is not quite happy enough to see Wayne Rooney start.
FX Networks has renewed American Gothic Horror Love Story for a fourth season.
FX Networks has since also renewed American Horror Story for a fourth season.
FX has renewed American Horror Story Love Story for a planned fourth season.
FX has renewed American Horror Story II for only for a fourth season.
FX has renewed American Horror Story II series, for a fourth season.
The Senate approved that increases in fines for attempted and corporate manslaughter.
The Senate approved that increases in fines imposed specifically for corporate manslaughter.
The Senate approved legislation that increases fines for attempted or corporate manslaughter.
The Senate also approved that it increases fines for alleged corporate manslaughter.
The Senate approved that increases fines for attempted and attempted corporate manslaughter.
Laura May Robson has since withdrawn from playing the Fed Cup.
Laura Robson has long since withdrawn from playing the Fed Cup.
Laura Robson Australia withdrew - has withdrawn from the Fed Cup.
Laura Robson UK has since withdrawn from the 2018 Fed Cup.
Laura May Robson has withdrawn from the upcoming 2018 Fed Cup.
Four people have been recently been arrested again on illegal drug charges after investigating the death of Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Four people have been arrested on drug trafficking charges, after the death sentence and trial of Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Four people arrested may have been arrested again on illegal - drug charges after the death of Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Four different people may have been arrested simultaneously on various drug charges after the death of actor Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Four different people have been arrested on drug charges after investigating into the 2005 death of Philip Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Five more confirmed dengue cases were reported.
Five dengue fever cases, were reported.
Five dengue cases also reported were reported.
Five dengue cases, also were reported.
Five more dengue cases also were reported.
CBS has today announced the dates for launching its summer slates of original programming.
CBS today has announced dates set for launching its summer slates of original programming.
CBS today announced dates for its upcoming summer - season slates of original programming.
CBS has today announced production dates for its upcoming upcoming summer slate of original programming.
CBS has today announced release dates for its summer 2012 slates of original programming.
The 21st - annual annual John Clark Seybert Memorial Brawley Wildcat World Open Golf Tournament, is set to tee - off Saturday.
The 21st annual Clark Seybert Memorial / Brawley Wildcat World Open Golf Tournament is set to also be tee - up off Saturday.
The upcoming 21st annual Jim Clark - Bill Seybert Memorial Brawley Wildcat Open Golf Tournament is set to teet - off Saturday.
The 21st annual Clark Seybert Memorial / Brawley County Wildcat Open Golf Invitational Tournament, is also set up to tee off Saturday.
The 21st annual Clark - Seyberts Memorial Brawley Wildcat Open Championship Golf Tournament is set - up to be tee off Saturday.
A very large three - storey building collapsed in Enugu.
A large, three storey building collapsed nearby in Enugu.
A large, three - storey building collapsed in Enugu.
A three storey office building also partially collapsed in Enugu.
A three storey building has also collapsed nearby in Enugu.
Edward Snowden asked to meet with human - rights rights groups, at a Moscow airport.
Edward Edward Snowden asked to personally meet with human rights groups there at a Moscow airport.
Edward Snowden asked to meet with human - rights groups, at a nearby Moscow airport.
Edward Edward Snowden asked to meet human - rights advocacy and groups at a Moscow airport.
Edward Snowden asked him to meet with human - rights groups there at a Moscow airport.
The rupee was dropped by 12 paise, resulting in late morning trade on the dollar demand.
The Indian rupee dropped down, by 12 paise, in late morning trade on dollar demand.
The rupee was dropped down by 12 paise in the late morning trade show on dollar demand.
The rupee was dropped by 12 paise in the first late morning trade on the dollar demand.
The rupee was dropped by 12 per paise, resulting in late morning trade on dollar demand.
Acting was not at exactly her dream job.
Acting was not her own little dream job.
Acting was not her very own dream job.
Acting director was not exactly her dream job.
Acting was not even her own dream job.
Green was arrested after he had called police to report on a robbery.
Green was arrested again after what he called failure to report a robbery.
Greenfield was arrested after he was called to help report a robbery.
Greenfield was arrested after which he was called to report a robbery.
Green was arrested after he was called to help report on a robbery.
Lokin was bisexual.
Lokin was bisexual.
Lokin was bisexual.
Lokin was bisexual.
Lokin was bisexual.
Elisabeth von van der Hasselbeck made her debut on Fox and Friends.
Elisabeth Hasselbecke also made her debut appearance on Fox and Friends.
Elisabeth Hasselbecke made her debut appearance on Fox News and Friends.
Elisabeth Hasselbecke made her debut television appearance on Fox and Friends.
Elisabeth von Hasselbecke made her television debut on Fox and Friends.
Joan Fontaine, actress who also starred, has died.
Joan Fontaine, actress, who starred, has died.
Joan Fontaine, who also starred, also has died.
Joan Fontaine, who starred, also, has died.
Joan Fontaine, who starred, also, has died.
Mariah - Carey dazzled as when she first performed with Access Bank.
Mariah Carey dazzled as she performed along with at the Access Bank.
Mariah Carey dazzled her as when she first performed with Access Bank.
Mariah Carey dazzled as she first performed with At the Access Bank.
Mariah - Carey dazzled as she first performed with the Access Bank.
Benjamin Netanyahu has also said that peace - talks conducted with the Palestinians will be tough.
Benjamin Netanyahu, has also said peace talks with the remaining Palestinians will not be tough.
Benjamin Netanyahu, has also said peace talks conducted directly with the Palestinians will be tough.
Benjamin Franklin Netanyahu, has said peace talks conducted with the Palestinians will not be tough.
Benjamin Netanyahu, has also said peace talks conducted with all the Palestinians will be tough.
Daily - low wages employees have also protested against non - regularisation.
Daily wages employees have also also protested against non self - regularisation.
Daily - wages employees also have protested against this non - regularisation.
Daily wages employees have also protested strongly against non self - regularisation.
Daily wages employees also have publicly protested against this non - regularisation.
A young woman died after accidentally walking in front of on a local school bus.
A woman also died shortly shortly after while walking in front of a school bus.
A woman also later died after walking in front of passengers of a school bus.
A woman also later died after walking in the front seat of a school bus.
A young woman died shortly after while walking in front of a nearby school bus.
Donovan McNabb III will also not formally retire as an Eagle on Monday.
Donovan McNabb will formally and officially retire as such an Eagle on Monday.
Donovan McNabb will formally and officially retire as an Eagle Scout on Monday.
Donovan - McNabb will formally retire as such as an Eagle on Monday.
Donovan - McNabb will not formally officially retire as an Eagle on Monday.
Anthony Weiner traded text - only messages, with as many as three women after resigning.
Anthony Weiner traded messages, with as many many very many as three women after resigning.
Anthonys and Weiner traded text messages online with as many as three women after resigning.
Anthony Weiner reportedly traded messages along with as many as the three women shortly after resigning.
Anthony Weinert has reportedly traded messages with as many as twenty three women after resigning.
Bauer Media has also recorded in excess of numbers out of one million app transactions.
Bauer Media Group has recorded in excess numbers of over one hundred million app transactions.
Bauer Media Group Group has recorded in excess of numbers of one million app transactions.
Bauer Media has also most recently recorded in excess of one million mobile app transactions.
Bauer Media has recorded transactions in excess of the just over one million app transactions.
Dantoni threw out his complete game.
Danton threw out on his complete game.
Danton threw in his first complete game.
Dantoni threw his first complete game.
Dantoni threw his first complete game.
Current non - - invasive techniques however are less effective, especially in significantly reducing significantly the incidences of lung injury in very premature infants.
Current non - invasive lung surgical techniques are much less effective, especially in reducing the incidences of severe lung injury in very premature infants.
Current non - invasive surgical techniques are less effective, in effect reducing the incidence of lung tissue injury occurring in some otherwise very premature infants.
Current, non - - invasive techniques are less effective, in reducing too significantly the incidence of a lung tissue injury in very premature infants.
Current non - invasive techniques however are less effective, in reducing significantly the incidence of lung tissue lung tissue injury in some very premature infants.
Three government aid delivery agencies joined hands together to distribute aid to 207 fishermen and farmer farming families living in Marang.
Three government aid agencies joined hands to distribute humanitarian aid to 207 fishermen, and farmer farming families living in Marang.
Three government agencies joined hands working together to distribute aid to 207 fishermen and to 50 farmer families living in Marang.
Three local local government agencies joined hands to distribute aid package packages to 207 local fishermen and farmer families in Marang.
Three other government agencies joined hands together to distribute humanitarian aid package packages to 207 fishermen and farmer families in Marang.
Police and officers are searching for " an armed robbery suspect.
Police are searching for " an alleged alleged armed robbery suspect.
Police are also searching for an alleged suspected armed robbery suspect.
Police and officers are also searching for an armed robbery suspect.
Police are searching once again for an alleged armed robbery suspect.
Over another 7, 500 goldsmith shops will be required annually to register.
Over 7, 500 gold shopsters worldwide will be also required to register.
Over 7, 500 brand new goldsmith shops will be required to register.
Over 7, 500 gold shops operating nationwide will be legally required to register.
Over another year 7, 500 gold shops will be required annually to register.
Singer singer / songwriter JJ Cale has also passed away.
Singer / songwriter JJJ Cale has since passed away.
Singer / songwriter JJJJ Cale has passed away.
Singer / songwriter, JJJJ Cale passed away.
Singer / songwriter JJ Cale has long since passed away.
The 2014 Atlanta Braves clinched the division titles.
The Atlanta Braves also clinched the division titles.
The winning 1980 Atlanta Braves clinched division titles.
The 1980 Atlanta Braves also clinched division titles.
The Atlanta Braves clinched the two division titles.
SMALLY businesses owners are being increasingly urged to not to take a look at restrictive covenants.
SMALL businesses and owners are being urged not to take even a look at these restrictive covenants.
SMALL businesses and owners are being urged not to even take just a look at restrictive covenants.
SMALL businesses owners are also increasingly being urged to take just a look at these restrictive covenants.
SMALL concerns businesses owners, who themselves are being urged to take a look at restrictive covenants.
Israel was set - up, aiming to announce a plan aimed at attracting more French Jews.
Israel was also set to also announce a plan aimed primarily at Israel attracting more French Jews.
Israel was also also set to announce a plan, aimed at attracting even more French Jews.
Israel was set to later also publicly announce a new plan aimed at attracting more French Jews.
Israel Today magazine was set to announce a new plan aimed at further attracting more French Jews.
Nearly a 358 million migrants are under about the age of 20.
Nearly 35 million migrants are under the legal age group age of 20.
Nearly 3585 million female migrants are under the age of 20.
Nearly a 35 million female migrants are under the age group of 20.
Nearly 35 million female migrants are under the legal minimum age of 20.
A toddler killed in a ute - car accident has also been named.
A toddler recently accidentally killed in a ute accident has also been named.
A toddler killed in a ute car racing car accident has been named.
A young toddler, killed in a ute accident, has been named.
A young toddler, killed in a ute accident has also been named.
A third person was injured later in a second stabbing in Dolores Park.
A person was injured in a stabbing incident, in Villa Dolores Park.
A third person also was injured, in a stabbing in Dolores Park.
A person who died was injured in causing a stabbing in Dolores Park.
A person who was severely injured in causing a stabbing in Dolores Park.
A Moscow police officer maniac is charged with vehicular manslaughter.
A prominent Moscow maniac is also charged with vehicular manslaughter.
A young Moscow police man is also charged with vehicular manslaughter.
A young Moscow maniac is charged with attempted vehicular manslaughter.
A Moscow maniac is charged with attempted and vehicular manslaughter.
Nelson Mandela has also steered, and has also defined the fight against AIDS / HIV as, a human right issue.
Nelson Mandela has steered, and defined the fight against AIDS and / and HIV as, as a human right issue.
Nelson Mandela steered, led and defined the fight movement against AIDS, / HIV, as a fundamental human right issue.
Nelson Mandela has also steered, and defined the fight against AIDS / and HIV as, as a human right issue.
Nelson Mandela steered, and he himself has defined the fight against AIDS / HIV infection as being a human right issue.
Joe Joe Joe Satriani plays the national anthem live at a moto - gp race.
Joe Satriani plays out the national anthem at during of a moto - gp race.
Joe Satriani plays out both the national and national anthem at a moto gp race.
Joe Satriani, also plays the national anthem yelled at during a moto gp race.
Joetto Satriani also plays the national national anthem at a moto - gp race.
AVM has launched the brand - new FRITZ.
AVMK has launched with the new FRITZ.
AVM has launched the brand - new FRITZ.
AVMZ has launched the brand new FRITZ.
AVMZA has launched the new FRITZ.
A fan - friendly club for Osunaarashi has been recently being established in his country of Egypt.
A fan club named for Osunaarashie has been established in the his country country of Egypt.
A fan club for Osunaarashia has been recently established, in the his country of Egypt.
A dedicated fan - club for Osunaarashiki has been recently established in his country of Egypt.
A dedicated fan club for Osunaarashi has been established, annually, in his country of Egypt.
Wisconsin Air National Defense National Guard units also are expected to eventually lose 39 positions.
Wisconsin Volunteer Air Force Air National Guard units are expected not to lose 39 positions.
Wisconsin'Air Force National Defense Guard units are expected not to lose 39 positions.
Wisconsin Air Defense Force National Guard and Reserve units are expected to lose 39 positions.
Wisconsin'Air Defense Force National Guard Reserve units are expected to lose 39 positions.
A Buffalo, NY woman has been selling her positive positive teenage pregnancy tests online on Craigslist.
A West Buffalo, woman who has been selling her HIV positive and pregnancy tests on Craigslist.
A Buffalo, NY woman has been seen selling out on her positive pregnancy tests on Craigslist.
A Buffalo, woman, has been selling - out her positive for pregnancy tests on Craigslist.
A Buffalo, NY woman has been seen selling out her own positive pregnancy tests on Craigslist.
He really is scary, with no food.
He is scary, but with no food.
He really is just scary with no food.
He really really is scary with no food.
He is scary, with almost no food.
Our entire domestic American economy today is slowly but steadily improving not.
Our domestic economy today is slowly - developing but steadily improving not.
Our current domestic economy is slowly but very steadily not improving not.
Our domestic economy is still slowly developing, but steadily improving not.
Our domestic economy is slowly developing, but is steadily improving not.
Jersey City Mayor Steve Fulop endorsed Democrat Ras Baraka in narrowly winning the 2012 Newark mayoral race.
Jersey City Mayor Steve De Fulope also endorsed Ras Barakat in the Newark mayoral race.
Jersey City Mayor Steve Van Fulop endorsed Ras El - Baraka in the Newark 2010 mayoral race.
Jersey Shore City Deputy Mayor Steve Fulop endorsed Democrat Ras Barakat in the Newark mayoral race.
Jersey City Mayor, Steve Fulop endorsed Ras Barakat in 2008 winning the Newark mayoral race.
US Ambassador to both of the India Nancy Powell resigned.
US Ambassador, back to India, Nancy Powell resigned.
US - appointed Ambassadors to India Nancy Powell resigned.
US Ambassadors back to India Nancy and Powell resigned.
US Vice - Ambassadors to India Nancy Powell resigned.
EPFOG is also set to start online the transfer process of provident hedge fund accounts in the fortnight of October.
EPFO Group is set to start the online transfer of provident hedge - fund accounts in the fortnights of October.
EPFO is set up to start online the transfer of provident fundable accounts in the first fortnights of October.
EPFO is set to officially start online the transfer of provident fund accounts in about half the fortnights of October.
EPFO is set - up to start online transfer of provident fund accounts, starting in about the fortnight of October.
Fiorentina coach, Vincenzo Montella froze - out goalkeeper Adem Ljajic.
Fiorentina head - coach Vincenzo De Montella froze out Adem Ljajic.
Fiorentina coach Vincenzo De De Montella froze - out Adem Ljajic.
Fiorentina head coach Vincenzo Montella froze him out for Adem Ljajic.
Fiorentina coach Vincenzo Montella froze shut - - out Adem Ljajic.
Cyclists today have raised nearly $ 20, 000.
Cyclists raised nearly US $ $ 20, 000.
Cyclists raised them to nearly $ 20, 000.
Cyclists raised them to nearly $ 20, 000.
Cyclists have raised them nearly $ 20, 000.
Czech soldiers may join the official Czech UN peacekeeping mission in Mali.
Czech soldiers also may join the Czech Republic UN peace mission in Mali.
Czech soldiers also may join in the UN permanent peace mission in Mali.
Czech soldiers may also also join the UN sponsored peace mission in Mali.
Czech soldiers also may join the UN sponsored UN peace mission in Mali.
Marketers should leverage the then very full value value of print advertising.
Marketers also should leverage the full value of selling their print advertising.
Marketers, also should not leverage the full value of print advertising.
Marketers therefore should also leverage the full value of their print advertising.
Marketers should leverage the full market value of their own print advertising.
ALDIA Group is hiring for its five New Jersey stores.
ALDIA is hiring for almost all its New Jersey stores.
ALDI is hiring for its five North Central New Jersey stores.
ALDI is now hiring for its New - South Jersey stores.
ALDIA also is hiring staff for its New Jersey stores.
Paul and McCartney could regain the rights out half million of Beatles songs, half million are owned, in five years.
Paul, McCartney himself, could regain the rights to of Beatles'songs, half are owned, in five years.
Paul McCartney could not regain half the rights rights of Beatles'songs, and half are owned, in five years.
Paul and McCartney could not regain the rights to of Beatles'songs, half are privately owned, in five years.
Paul McCartney himself could not regain the rights made out of Beatles songs, half are owned, half in five years.
Bisexual women also had more serious health problems.
Bisexual women also had more serious health problems.
Bisexual and pregnant women had more health problems.
Bisexual women have also had more health problems.
Bisexual women also often had more health problems.
An failure to provide for an impartial grievance or appeal process can amount and often even, form the basis of a constructive unfair dismissal claim.
An failure to properly provide an impartial and grievance appeal due process process can amount and form the legal legal basis of a constructive dismissal claim.
An failure to provide an impartial grievance appeal due process process can greatly significantly reduce amount and form the basis of a successful constructive dismissal claim.
An alleged failure to provide an impartial grievance appeal process can greatly significantly reduce amount and may form the basis of a successful constructive dismissal claim.
An failure not to properly provide an impartial grievance appealal process can amount to and form the legal basis of such a constructive dismissal claim.
Israel also will release another 104 Palestinian prisoners.
Israel also will release 1048 Palestinian prisoners.
Israel will also release another 104 Palestinian prisoners.
Israel also will release 1048 Palestinian prisoners.
Israel will release another 1040 Palestinian prisoners.
Dehradun, India The new Doon High School will run a leadership course.
Dehradun, India The Doon International Leadership School will run a leadership course.
Dehradun, The Lady Doon School will run as a senior leadership course.
Dehradun, The Doo Doon High School will run a leadership leadership course.
Dehradun, India The Lady Doon School will run a leadership leadership course.
Palestinian and Israeli negotiators are due to meet, perhaps in part in an effort to extend to the peace talks.
Palestinian and other Israeli negotiators are also due to also meet, in making an effort, to extend peace talks.
Palestinian and former Israeli military negotiators are due to also meet, possibly, in an effort to extend peace talks.
Palestinian leaders and Israeli negotiators, are also due to meet, in part making an effort to extend peace talks.
Palestinian and other Israeli negotiators are due to also meet, in an effort to extend cooperation to the peace talks.
Mapusa town centre is to be developed, based largely on the lines of Ahmedabad.
Mapusa town area is to also be developed on the new railway lines of Ahmedabad.
Mapusa town - centre area is to be developed on the railway lines of Ahmedabad.
Mapusa town is to be further developed on the railway branch lines out of Ahmedabad.
Mapusa town is planned to also be developed, on the lines north of Ahmedabad.
Precision Castparts Corp. also agreed terms to eventually buy GE Aerospace Dynamics International for $ 625 million.
Precision Castparts International Corp. also agreed to buy Aerospace Dynamics International Corporation, for $ 625 million.
Precision Castparts Corp. agreed terms agreeing to buy American Aerospace Dynamics International for $. 625 million.
Precision and Castparts Corp. have agreed to also buy Aerospace Dynamics Corporation International for $ 625 million.
Precision and Castparts Dynamics International Corp. agreed to buy Aerospace Dynamics International for US $ 625 million.
The new e - stamping system scheme was inaugurated.
The e - stamping technology scheme also was inaugurated.
The brand new e - stamping scheme was inaugurated.
The e - stamping payment system scheme was inaugurated.
The new e - stamping scheme also was inaugurated.
The global press release newswires announced was a new 72 hour - sale BOGO.
The global government press release newswire announced a 728 - hour post sale BOGO.
The global press on - release newswire announced that was a 72 hour sale BOGO.
The global press release issued by newswire announced a new 72 - hour sale BOGO.
The same day global news press release newswire announced a new 72 hour sale BOGO.
Elysium topped the opening weekend at box office.
Elysium topped the opening weekend weekend box office.
Elysium topped the weekend list at box office.
Elysium topped the weekend at the box office.
Elysium had topped the weekend at box office.
Tom Di Morello's working on a new solo solo album.
Tom De Morello's currently working again on a solo album.
Tom Deuce Morello's working was on a solo album.
Tom Morello's currently also working on a new solo album.
Tom Morello's working group on a brand new solo album.
The Pittsburgh - Steelers finally finally even got a win.
The undefeated undefeated Pittsburgh Steelers finally got themselves a win.
The undefeated Pittsburgh Steelers finally got for themselves a win.
The previously undefeated undefeated Pittsburgh Steelers finally got a win.
The Pittsburgh Steelers had finally finally got themselves a win.
Moderate drinking - water may protect against severe vision loss.
Moderate drinking water may protect patients mentally against vision loss.
Moderate drinking may protect patients against chronic traumatic vision loss.
Moderate alcohol drinking may also also protect against vision loss.
Moderate drinking may also also protect children against vision loss.
A variety of new immigration laws take place into effect in Washington state.
A variety types of new laws take effect in the new Washington state.
A variety types of the proposed new laws take effect in Washington state.
A variety types of proposed new state laws take effect in Washington state.
A variety types of other new laws take effect annually in Washington state.
Miguel Ángel Cotto also challenges holder, Sergio Martinez in June.
Miguel - Miguel Ángel Cotto challenges holder Sergio Martinez in June.
Miguel Cotto also challenges holder Sergio Antonio - Martinez in June.
Miguel Cotto challenges title holder Sergio Antonio de Martinez in June.
Miguel - Ángel Cotto challenges title holder Sergio Martinez in June.
Lara Dutta was seen smiling at the official press launch of her brand new bridal collection.
Lara Dutta also was lastly seen at the launch party of her new bridal collection.
Lara Dutta was last seen at the official press launch of her new luxury bridal collection.
Laraine Dutta was seen smiling at seeing the launch of her brand new bridal collection.
Laraine Dutta was seen at at the launch of launching of her new bridal collection.
A majority of Americans who surveyed would support a new law legalizing openly gay male marriage in all 50 states.
A vast majority of African Americans would support a federal law legalizing gay marriage, in nearly all 50 states.
A majority of African Americans would rather not support a law legalizing gay marriage, in nearly all 50 states.
A majority of Americans would not support a federal law effectively legalizing gay marriage in all states but 50 states.
A majority vote composed of African - Americans voted would support a law legalizing gay marriage in all 50 states.
US Eighth Army and ground forces will be sent to Poland.
US Army ground combat forces will be sent back to Poland.
US ground forces will also eventually be also sent to Poland.
US ground combat forces units will be sent back to Poland.
US Army and ground forces will be sent back to Poland.
Pawan Kalyan has topped Forbes list among top 10 Indian Tollywood celebs.
Pawan, Kalyan, has topped Forbes list, among Tollywood celebs.
Pawan Kalyan has recently also recently topped Forbes list among Tollywood celebs.
Pawan Kalyan has topped all the Forbes list awards among Tollywood celebs.
Pawan Kalyan - Kumar has topped Forbes list, among Tollywood celebs.
One year Hurricane Big Sandy rumbled up, but Long Island Sound itself is still vulnerable.
One year Hurricane and Bigger Sandy rumbled back up, Long Island is still vulnerable.
One - year Hurricane Sandy relief effort has rumbled up, Long Island is still vulnerable.
One year Hurricane Sandy rumbled it up, but Long Island North Sound is still vulnerable.
One year Hurricane Sandy has rumbled back up, Long Island Sound is probably still vulnerable.
A man was chained to tie himself to a rhubarb plant.
A man had chained himself up to a large rhubarb plant.
A young man was chained to himself to a rhubarb plant.
A young man chained himself to just above a rhubarb plant.
A naked young man chained himself up to a rhubarb plant.
Ayala Center in Cebu presents the Je T'aime.
Ayala Center Cebu City presents the Je T'aime.
Ayala Cultural Arts Center Cebu presents Je T'aime.
Ayala City Cultural Center Cebu presents Je T'aime.
Ayala Center in Cebu presents the Je T'aime.
Matthew McConaughey has won the Academy British Film Award nomination for best actor.
Matthew McConaughey has also twice won the Academy Award for the best actor.
Matthew James McConaughey has twice won him the Academy Award for best actor.
Matthew McConaughey has won him both the Academy Award for the best actor.
Matthew McConaughey, has won the prestigious 2016 Academy Award for best actor.
All Nippon Airways and Air Japan Airlines have also said they do believe both are checking their Boeing 787 fleets for wiring problems.
All - Japan All Nippon Airways and Air - Japan Airlines said they both are checking their Boeing 787 fleets for wiring problems.
All Nippon Airways and Air Transport Japan Airlines said they are not checking their Boeing 787 fleets checked - out for wiring problems.
All Nippon Airways and Air Japan Airlines said they both, " are checking their respective domestic Boeing 787 fleets for wiring problems.
All - Nippon Airways of Japan and Japan Airlines have also said they are regularly checking their Boeing 787 fleets for wiring problems.
A Watsonville man, accused of murder, attempted, and attempted murder declined a plea deal.
A Watsonville man accused him of murder, who attempted, declined, a new plea deal.
A young Watsonville black man accused of murder, attempted, and declined, a plea deal.
A young Watsonville man, accused, of murder, if attempted, declined a plea deal.
A Watsonville police man accused of murder, attempted, rape and murder declined a plea deal.
A suicide suicide bomber killed all eight Iraqi police in northern Iraq.
A suicide bomber killed eight police officers and officers in northern Iraq.
A suicide suicide bomber killed eight Iraqi police in rural northern Iraq.
A suspected suicide suicide bomber killed eight police officers in northern Iraq.
A suspected suicide car bomber killed eight police in rural northern Iraq.
Oxfam Canada is expected to cut 125 jobs.
Oxfam Canada is expected to cut 125 jobs.
Oxfam is to have to cut 125 jobs.
Oxfam is expected eventually to cut 125 jobs.
Oxfam is reported to have cut 125 jobs.
Zynga has announced the closures ahead release of Zynga Slingo on Facebook.
Zynga Digital Entertainment has also announced the closure of Zynga Slingo on Facebook.
Zynga has announced also the official closure of the Zynga Slingo on Facebook.
Zynga has announced both the official closure of Zynga and Slingo on Facebook.
Zynga has announced the possible closures of Zynga and Slingo on Facebook.
Ambareesh also may act prominently in the starrer My Real Name is Byregowda.
Ambareesh may act again, in the starrer My Real Name is Byregowda.
Ambareesh also may also act in the starrer My Real Name is Byregowda.
Ambareesh may also also act in in the starrer My Name is Byregowda.
Ambareesh may act once again in the starrer My Real Name is Byregowda.
Top publicist, MAX CLIFFORD has long since pleaded not guilty to all 11 counts of assault.
Top publicist, MAX CLIFFORD has since pleaded not guilty to all 11 counts each of assault.
Top publicist MAX CLIFFORD has since then also pleaded pleading not guilty to 11 counts of assault.
Top publicist, MAX - CLIFFORD has pleaded not guilty to 11 counts, each of assault.
Top publicist MAX CLIFFORD, has pleaded not pleaded - guilty to 11 criminal counts of assault.
Asus appears to not have shored up interest in its relationship to Google.
Asus appears to have shored - up its business relationship back to Google.
Asus appears to not yet have shored - up its relationship to Google.
Asus appears not yet to have shored up its relationship back to Google.
Asus appears to have shored back - up up its relationship to Google.
Akron city police followed up the footprints and arrested a suspect.
Akron police also closely followed footprints and later arrested a suspect.
Akron police officers also followed footprints, and arrested a suspect.
Akron Summit County police followed footprints and arrested as a suspect.
Akron County police followed footprints, and later arrested a suspect.
Obama will not meet again with the pontiff.
Obamacare will meet with only the pontiff.
Obama himself will not meet with the pontiff.
Obama will not meet again with the pontiff.
Obama will not meet with either the pontiff.
The two SIU's cleared out the officers.
The SIU's security officers cleared the officers.
The SIU's cleared up all the officers.
The other SIU's officers cleared the officers.
The two other SIU's cleared the officers.
Barack Obama has warned Russia against ever supporting any Russian military intervention occurring in Ukraine.
Barack - Obama has also warned Russia strongly against supporting any military intervention in Ukraine.
Barack - Obama also has also repeatedly warned Russia against any military intervention in Ukraine.
Barack Obama Obama has warned Russia against launching any Russian military intervention anywhere in Ukraine.
Barack Obama has reportedly also warned Russia against any Russian military intervention anywhere in Ukraine.
Steve Ray Hackett announces on the DVD release of his album Genesis Revisited.
Steve Hackett announces the DVD - Audio release of all his Genesis Revisited.
Steve Hackett also announces the DVD release of almost all his Genesis Revisited.
Steve Hackett announces the official DVD release date ahead of his Genesis Revisited.
Steve Hackett announces the first official DVD release of all his Genesis Revisited.
Mario Draghi sees absolutely no urgent financial need to cut the entire euro zone's exchange rate further.
Mario Draghi sees as absolutely no more urgent need to cut the euro zone's exchange rate further.
Mario di Draghi sees no urgent or financial need to cut the entire euro zone's rate further.
Mario Draghi also sees no urgent need to cut the entire euro - zone's exchange rate further.
Mario Draghi sees absolutely no urgent economic development need but to cut the euro zone's rate further.
Saudi Arabia has replaced its intelligence chief, Crown Prince Bandar bin Sultan.
Saudi - Arabia, who has replaced intelligence chief Prince Bandar bin Sultan.
Saudi Arabia has long since replaced former intelligence chief Prince Bandar bin Sultan.
Saudi Arabia, has replaced intelligence chief, Prince Bandar Ali bin Sultan.
Saudi Arabia has since then replaced intelligence agency chief Prince Bandar bin Sultan.
Her son had just died for nothing.
Her son died, but for nothing.
Her son David had died for nothing.
Her son had died, for nothing.
Her only son had died for nothing.
Features such as as eye tracking and fingerprint fingerprint recognition could be part one of the LG G3.
Features such as as eye and fingerprint recognition software, could also be considered part of the LG G3.
Features such as eye tracking and automatic fingerprint recognition systems could be part one of the standard LG G3.
Features, such as eye tracking and human fingerprint pattern recognition could be part of the original LG G3.
Features, such as eyes as the eye and fingerprint recognition could be considered part of the LG G3.
LILLIAN AXEO was involved again in such a car accident.
LILLIAN AXE was also not involved in such a car accident.
LILLIAN THE AXE was involved in such a serious car accident.
LILLIAN AXEOI was involved again in a car accident.
LILLIAN - AXEO was also involved in a car accident.
A $ 1 1 million Powerball ticket for sale was also sold in northern Indiana.
A $ 1 million Indiana Powerball season ticket was also sold out in northern Indiana.
A $ 1 - million Powerball ticket was also being sold in far northern Indiana.
A $ 1 million Powerball season - ending opening ticket was sold in northern Indiana.
A $ 1 million special Super Powerball ticket was also also sold in northern Indiana.
Donovan McNabb retired 2008 playing as an Eagle.
Donovan McNabb has since retired as an Eagle.
Donovan - McNabb has retired as an Eagle.
Donovan and McNabb retired as only an Eagle.
Donovan - McNabb retired 2008 as an Eagle.
Paulina Lambert does not yet feel immune enough from the sack.
Paul Lambert does not feel immune enough coming from inside the sack.
Paul Lambert does not feel completely as yet immune from the sack.
Paulina Lamberti does not feel immune enough from the sack.
Paul Lambert does not feel immune from his hitting in the sack.
Four officials of a chit fund asset - management company were arrested.
Four other senior officials of a chit fund management company were arrested.
Four senior officials of such a chit - fund company were arrested.
Four officials of such a chit - fund company company were arrested.
Four officials of a Chinese chit fund holding company company were arrested.
Former President George W. W Bush also underwent a fatal heart procedure.
Former President George. W. Bush underwent a highly successful heart procedure.
Former President, George W. Bush also underwent such a heart procedure.
Former President George. W. George W Bush underwent a heart procedure.
Former President George W. Bush underwent only a nearly fatal heart procedure.
A young, Enid man, was seriously injured when his motorcycle was struck from behind.
A Enidi man was seriously injured when his motorcycle was struck upside down from behind.
A Enid man was injured when his police motorcycle driver was allegedly accidentally struck from behind.
A very young Enid man was injured, when suddenly his motorcycle was struck from behind.
A Enid man was seriously injured, when his motorcycle was accidentally accidentally struck from behind.
Palestinian political prisoners also were released to the northern West Bank.
Palestinian prisoners were released to voluntarily leave the occupied West Bank.
Palestinian prisoners were released only to leave for the West Bank.
Palestinian prisoners were released back home to defend the West Bank.
Palestinian prisoners also were released going back to the West Bank.
Marin Cilic will appeal ruling against lifting his nine - month doping ban.
Marini - Cilic will appeal against extending his nine month doping ban.
Marin - Cilic will appeal against breaking his previous nine month doping ban.
Marin Cilic will also appeal against his nine - - month doping ban.
Marin Cilic will appeal ruling against lifting his nine - month doping ban.
Brazil has ended November with over 271mn mobile lines, according to according to preliminary data.
Brazil service ended operations in November with 271mn of mobile lines, according to preliminary data.
Brazil ended November 2014 with 271mn of total total mobile lines, according to preliminary data.
Brazil has ended November of 2016 with 271mn of mobile lines, according to preliminary data.
Brazil has ended in November with 271mn mobile phone lines, according to to preliminary data.
Espionage is a plain fact matter of life.
Espionage is not a fundamental fact of life.
Espionage is a very fundamental fact of life.
Espionage is not a fundamental fact of life.
Espionage itself, is a fact of life.
The Run For Life USA charity race is and it currently, aims to raise SYN $ 630, 000.
The Runway For Life charity road race is and it currently, aims to raise SY $ 630, 000.
The Runway For Life charity race, is and it aims to raise well to over S $ 630, 000.
The Runway For Your Own Life charity race is and it aims, to raise over S $ 630, 000.
The annual Run For Life charity race is and today, it aims to raise over SY $ 630, 000.
Christian Care is responsible for collecting, used coats.
Christian Cares is for collecting, used coats.
Christian Carew is currently collecting, used coats.
Christian Care is responsible for collecting, used coats.
Christian Care is for the collecting, used coats.
Apple has today announced the iPhone 5s.
Apple today has announced the iPhone 5s.
Apple today has also announced iPhone 5s.
Apple today announced the new iPhone 5s.
Apple has today announced the iPhone 5s.
Cesc and Fabregas also admits Malagasy made them suffer.
Cesc and the Fabregas admits Malaga made all them suffer.
Cesc Fabregas admits Malaga made almost all of them suffer.
Cescón and Fabregas admits Malaga made all them suffer.
Cesc Fabregas admits being Malagasy and made them suffer.
The slowdowns in residential building activity had not continued up.
The slowdown in the residential and office building activity continued up.
The slowdowns in residential building activity levels had continued up.
The slowdown in residential and building construction activity has continued up.
The slowdown in residential construction and office building activity continued up.
Doctors who are giving an update, where the Michael Schumacher was.
Doctors are just now giving an official update, Michael Schumacher was.
Doctors, who are giving an update, Michael Michael Schumacher was.
Doctors are now giving to us an update, Michael Schumacher was.
Doctors are giving an official official medical update, Michael Schumacher was.
A Masons County black man was also arrested after allegedly pulling a gun out on juveniles.
A Mason County maniac was arrested after allegedly allegedly pulling a gun out specifically on juveniles.
A very young Mason County man was arrested after allegedly allegedly allegedly pulling a gun on juveniles.
A Masons County man was arrested after allegedly allegedly allegedly pulling out a gun on juveniles.
A Masons County black man was arrested, after allegedly allegedly pulling a gun on juveniles.
His partying was like being pushed against the wall, just not like in the past.
His party was being pushed up against the wall just not like all that in the past.
His party chair leg was being pushed up against the wall, just like in the past.
His party was being pushed against the back wall, literally and just like in the past.
His own birthday birthday party was being pushed against the wall, just like in the past.
Humberto grew in across the Atlantic, becoming possibly the very first hurricane victim of the season.
Humberto quickly grew in the tropical North West Atlantic, becoming the first hurricane of the season.
Humberto grew in the Atlantic, becoming the first Atlantic - Ocean major hurricane of the season.
Humberto grew in the Atlantic, becoming possibly the first hurricane of all of during the season.
Humberto also grew very rapidly in the North Atlantic, becoming the first hurricane of the season.
Stem cell exhaustion may play a role in defining at the least the upper limit of the human lifespan.
Stem cell exhaustion may play a role in defining at least the limit of the range of human lifespan.
Stem cell exhaustion may play perhaps also a significant role in defining at the limit of the human lifespan.
Stem cell exhaustion and control mechanisms may also play such a role in defining the limit of human lifespan.
Stem cell mass exhaustion may also play such a role also in defining the limit length of human lifespan.
The Virginia UofA maintains an equal gender enrollment ratio of men and women.
The UofA also currently maintains an equal enrollment ratio of men and women.
The current - UofA maintains an almost equal enrollment of men and women.
The UofA maintains only an equal gender enrollment of men, and women.
The UofA maintains nearly an equal enrollment ratio of men, and women.
There are about how " very very many benadryl pills does it take to get high approaches.
There really are how many benadryl pills does it ever really take to actually get high approaches.
There are about twice how very many more benadryl pills does it take to get high approaches.
There are how many benadrylic pain pills does it it will take to get high approaches.
There are about how many benadrylic pills does it take you to get the high approaches.
Brittney Griner hopes that the WNBA adds a new slam dunk contest.
Brittney Griner has also hopes that the WNBA adds a dunk contest.
Brittney Griner hopes the new WNBA adds to it a dunk contest.
Brittney and Griner hopes the WNBA adds a new slam dunk contest.
Brittney - Griner hopes that winning the WNBA adds a dunk contest.
Sips'n Splatters.
Sips'n Splatters.
Sips'n Splatters.
Sips'n Splatters.
Sips'n Splatters.
Children born of armed - forces personnel living abroad will have a vote to be cast in the referendum.
Children of Israeli armed - forces personnel currently living illegally abroad will have a vote in holding the referendum.
Children of armed forces personnel are living illegally abroad, who will have a vote cast in the referendum.
Children born of Israeli armed forces personnel living illegally abroad, will have received a vote in the referendum.
Children of armed - forces personnel living abroad who will have not received such a vote in the referendum.
A female burglar had dropped a photograph of carrying a baby girl.
A female burglar dropped a framed photograph of carrying a baby girl.
A burglar dropped a photograph of a very very small baby girl.
A burglar dropped a photograph, of carrying a small baby girl.
A burglar dropped on a photograph, of carrying a baby girl.
Philly, Jackson knows the difference.
Phil Jackson knows almost all the difference.
Philly, Jackson knows the difference.
Phil Jackson knows almost all the difference.
Philly, Jackson knows the difference.
Rosewood Resort Hotels & Casino Resorts also relaunches with a, brand identity.
Rosewood Hotels & Resort Casino Resorts relaunches with, a, brand identity.
Rosewood Hotels Hotels Hotels & Resorts relaunches with, a, brand identity.
Rosewood Hotels & Resorts also relaunches with a, brand new brand identity.
Rosewood Resort Hotels Resort & Casino Resorts relaunches with a, brand identity.
Hillary Rodham Clinton, is going on to not think seriously about her running for vice president in 2016.
Hillary Rodham Clinton is going to not think seriously about considering withdrawing her running for vice president in 2016.
Hillary Rodham Clinton Clinton is going on to not think seriously long enough about running for president in 2016.
Hillary Clinton Clinton Rodham Clinton Clinton Clinton is going on to think seriously about running for president in 2016.
Hillary Rodham Clinton said Clinton is " going to think very seriously " about running for president in 2016.
People want to punish by all the Congress at this time.
People want to punish almost half the whole Congress this time.
People will probably want to punish the whole Congress this time.
People want me to punish the whole whole Congress this time.
People will want to personally punish the Congress at this time.
A Santa Monica Ventura County Transit Police police man was arrested after slashing another man's fingers with a knife.
A Santa Monica young man was later also arrested after allegedly slashing another young man's fingers with a knife.
A Santa Monica police man was arrested, after slashing another man's upper two bare fingers with a knife.
A Santa Monica - Monica police man was arrested, after allegedly slashing another man's fingers with a knife.
A Santa Monica maniac was later arrested after slashing off of another man's fingers with only a knife.
Interest rates that currently will not significantly rise in 2014.
Interest rates alone will not significantly significantly rise in 2014.
Interest - rate rates will not significantly rise in 2014.
Interest rates will still don't significantly rise in 2014.
Interest rate rates currently will not rise again in 2014.
A woman has been recently arrested on suspicion, of using the faked £ 20 notes.
A woman has been recently arrested, and allegedly on suspicion of using fake £ 20 notes.
A mysterious young woman who has been arrested on suspicion of using fake £ - 20 notes.
A woman who has just recently, been arrested on suspicion of using fake £ 20 notes.
A woman has also been recently arrested on the suspicion of allegedly using fake £ 20 notes.
Iraqi and Turkish energy officials are expected but not to ever meet again in Baghdad.
Iraqi and Turkish energy policy officials are also reportedly also expected to meet in Baghdad.
Iraqi government and Turkish energy officials are expected not likely to ever meet in Baghdad.
Iraqi and Turkish state energy officials are also expected to meet more regularly in Baghdad.
Iraqi and Turkish energy officials are expected to be also meet regularly, in Baghdad.
Westminster has since then further reduced its debt.
Westminster has since then further reduced its debt.
Westminster has since furthermore reduced its debt.
Westminster Abbey has furthermore reduced its debt.
Westminster has since furthermore reduced its debt.
Jumeirah at Etihad Towers will extend the grand opening two more full hours of Observational Upper Deck to offer a point start for the National Day firework celebrations.
Jumeirah at Etihad International Towers will extend the opening to two hours of Observation Deck, to also offer it a point start for the National Day firework celebrations.
Jumeirah at Etihad Towers, which will extend into the opening hours ahead of Observational Deck to offer a point start for all the National Day firework celebrations.
Jumeirah at Etihad Towers, will also extend the scheduled opening hours of the Observation Deck to offer a point start point for the National Independence Day firework celebrations.
Jumeirah Airport at Etihad Towers will also extend the opening hours hours of Observational Flight Deck to offer a focal point venue for the National Day firework celebrations.
Rahm Emanuel called on the United States'Food and the Drug Administration Administration to immediately take a strong action to help reduce worldwide the usage of menthol cigarettes.
Rahm Emanuel called out on the United States Food and Drug Administration Administration to take strong law enforcement action and to reduce further the usage of the menthol cigarettes.
Rahm Emanuel called on the United States Food and Drug Administration to take a strong action to help help reduce the usage rate of almost all the menthol cigarettes.
Rahm Emanuel called on the new United States Food and the Drug Administration Administration to take on a strong action to reduce the usages of the menthol cigarettes.
Rahm Emanuel called, on, for the new United States Food and Drug Administration, to immediately take a strong action to reduce the usage of menthol cigarettes.
Figures confirm productivity growth rate that has bounced.
Figures confirm this that productivity growth has bounced.
Figures will also confirm productivity growth has bounced.
Figures confirm that productivity and growth has bounced.
Figures confirm productivity and economic growth has bounced.
The altitude limit north of the ISS station was raised.
The altitude limit north of the Berlin ISS was raised.
The altitude limit of the new satellite ISS was raised.
The altitude of the new satellite ISS antenna was raised.
The maximum possible altitude of reaching the ISS was raised.
CVS Pharmacy will stop solely selling prescription cigarettes and tobacco products.
CVSA will also stop selling its cigarettes and tobacco products.
CVSA will also stop selling cigarettes and other tobacco products.
CVS Pharmacy will also temporarily stop selling cigarettes and tobacco products.
CVS will stop solely selling cigarettes, and other tobacco products.
The Green Party are calling out pressure put on by the Government to strengthen Kiwibank.
The Green Democratic Party are calling out on the Government to help to strengthen Kiwibank.
The Green Party are also calling on the Local Government Government Commission to strengthen Kiwibank.
The NZ Green Party are also calling on for the Government to help strengthen Kiwibank.
The Green and Labour Party are calling it out on the Government to strengthen Kiwibank.
NStar is renewing its early - warning warnings about holiday season scammers.
NStar is currently renewing its warnings specifically, about holiday season scammers.
NStar is renewing its warnings, about the potential holiday season scammers.
NStar is renewing all three of its warnings about holiday season scammers.
NStar is renewing its warnings about any potential holiday - season scammers.
28. Two other brothers were shot dead in solving an road - rage case.
28 Two brothers were shot dead, in an North East Irish road rage case.
28. - Two brothers who were shot dead, in an road rage case.
28 Two brothers were shot dead in an Northern Irish Police road - rage case.
28 Two other brothers were shot dead while in solving an Arizona road rage case.
A former Southeast Missouri player was also charged with assault.
A Missouri football player was also later charged with assault.
A former Missouri player was charged, twice with assault.
A Missouri football team player was charged twice with assault.
A Missouri football player, was also charged with assault.
Facebook began by feeding the news outlets with social network chatter.
Facebook began feeding news outlets social media - based network chatter.
Facebook began life online by feeding news outlets social network chatter.
Facebook also began feeding the news media outlets social network chatter.
Facebook began by feeding major news outlets with social network chatter.
The Obama administration needs to finally, get a grip back on spending.
The Obamacare administration needs to get to a grip back on spending.
The new Obama administration needs time alone to get a grip on spending.
The Obamacare administration needs time to get a grip back on spending.
The new Obamacare administration needs to finally get a grip on spending.
Three men involved were arrested on both a conspiracy to commit robbery, and other charges.
Three men arrested and were arrested again on conspiracy to commit robbery and various other charges.
Three men were arrested again on federal conspiracy charges to commit robbery, and other charges.
Three men were arrested on conspiracy and charges to allegedly commit robbery, and other charges.
Three men involved were arrested on a conspiracy to commit robbery, and several other charges.
Two fugitives were later also arrested in downtown Las Vegas.
Two fugitives were arrested, while in downtown Las Vegas.
Two other fugitives were also later arrested in Las Vegas.
Two dozen other fugitives also were arrested in Las Vegas.
Two fugitives were later on also arrested in Las Vegas.
First Niagara Bank Limited has opened up a temporary branch at # 1031 South Main St.
First Niagara Bank has opened up a temporary branch office building at # 1031 Main St.
First Niagara Bank has opened up a new, temporary branch office at 1031 Main St.
First Niagara Bank branch has opened up as a temporary branch at # 1031 Main St.
First National Niagara Bank has opened a temporary downtown branch office at # 1031 Main St.
Fourteen other people involved were seriously injured in a six - vehicle crash, near Spilsby.
Fourteen other people were injured in such a category six motor vehicle crash, near Spilsby.
Fourteen people involved, were injured in a six vehicle - vehicle crash, near Spilsby.
Fourteen other people were seriously injured in a six - vehicle crash, one near Spilsby.
Fourteen people were injured in a near fatal six motor - vehicle crash, near Spilsby.
Oil prices are starting the next week in all the positive territory.
Oil oil oil prices are starting the week in a positive territory.
Oil prices are starting up for the week in the positive territory.
Oil gas prices are starting in the next week in positive territory.
Oil prices are starting the week off in such a positive territory.
In June 2013 overseas visitors poured money back into the Irish investment capital in their millions.
In 2013, many overseas visitors poured into the Irish capital, bringing in their millions.
In June, 2013 overseas visitors poured into the new Irish investment capital in their millions.
In 2013, overseas and touristic visitors poured into the Irish capital in their millions.
In June 2013, overseas tourist visitors poured in into the Irish capital in their millions.
Riteish Deshmukh is now also geared up for producing his production Yellow.
Riteish Deshmukh is now also geared up again for his production Yellow.
Riteish Deshmukh, is geared up especially well for his production Yellow.
Riteish Deshmukh is now also geared up for his upcoming production Yellow.
Riteish Deshmukh, actor who is geared up for his production Yellow.
Adidas has also since suspended its contract with boxer Tyson Gay.
Adidas brand has suspended its endorsement contract along with Tyson Gay.
Adidas has also suspended its brand endorsement contract with Tyson Gay.
Adidas USA has also temporarily suspended its contract with Tyson Gay.
Adidas has suspended its endorsement contract with professional boxer Tyson Gay.
The nuclear shutdown has taken up its toll on the entire White House.
The shutdown program itself has taken its toll on both the White House.
The shutdown has taken its tolls on both the and White House.
The shutdown has also taken up its tolls on the White House.
The shutdown has taken up half its toll on the entire White House.
Kolkata, The Eden Botanical Gardens got a brand new giant clock.
Kolkata, India The Eden Gardens finally got into a giant clock.
Kolkata, The Eden Garden Botanical Gardens has got a giant clock.
Kolkata, The New York Eden Botanical Gardens got a giant clock.
Kolkata, The New Eden Botanical Gardens got into a giant clock.
Yasiel Puig, who is being successfully sued for $ 12 million.
Yasiel Puig is currently being successfully sued for US $ 12 million.
Yasiel - Puig is currently being sued for $ $ 12 million.
Yasiel Puig, is being sued for over US $ 12 million.
Yasiel Puig, is being sued for $ $. 12 million.
Pami Jochum, who will not run for governor.
Pam Jochum, candidate who will not run for governor.
Pam Jochum will also not have run again for governor.
Pam Jochum will also not ever run again for governor.
Pami Jochum, will not run again for governor.
A young man died as he tried unsuccessfully to help rescue a chicken.
A man also died as he had tried to help rescue a chicken.
A man died, as he tried to help rescue from a chicken.
A man had died as he tried to rescue for himself a chicken.
A man died as he had just tried to rescue himself a chicken.
The Army has been taken into confidence on the release process ahead of the remaining Taliban prisoners.
The Pakistan Army has been taken into confidence on the effective safe release process of Taliban prisoners.
The Army leadership has been taken into full confidence focused on securing the release of Taliban prisoners.
The Army has also been strongly taken into confidences based on the release of Taliban prisoners.
The Army has been being gradually taken back into confidence on the safe release of Taliban prisoners.
Los Los Angeles lawmakers voted to ban the eco - cigarette use in all public places.
Los Los Angeles lawmakers also voted to ban e - cigarette cigarette for use in public places.
Los Angeles lawmakers voted to ban eco - cigarette for use in almost all public places.
Los Angeles County lawmakers voted to ban e - cigarette cigarette use in all California public places.
Los Angeles County lawmakers also voted to ban eco - cigarette for use in public places.
ICICI World Development Bank may be correct to Rs 1155.
ICICI Bank Limited may correct down this to Rs 1155.
ICICI Bank may be correct to Rs. Rs 1155.
ICICI Bank may be more than correct to Rs 1155.
ICICI Bank may be correct not to pay Rs 1155.
Courtney Stodden has also recently professionally dyed her hair from platinum to brown.
Courtney Marie Stoddens has dyed her blonde hair from platinum to brown.
Courtney Lee Stodden has dyed her hair from light to platinum to brown.
Courtney Stodden has since also dyed her hair color from platinum to brown.
Courtney Stoddens has dyed her hair from a light platinum to brown.
Medley Capital Corporation MCC, announced the pricing structure ahead of the initial offering price of 6, 000, 000 shares each of all its common stock.
Medley Capital Corporation, MCC, announced the pricing of and the offering of over 6, 000, 000 new shares, of all its common stock.
Medley Capital Management Corporation MCC, announced the initial initial pricing of the public offering of 6, 000 000, 000 shares of all its common stock.
Medley Capital Corporation, MCC, announced the option pricing ahead of the offering of 6, 000, 000 000 000 shares of its new common stock.
Medley Venture Capital Corporation MCC, announced the initial pricing of the offering price of 6, 000 000, 000 000 shares of its new common stock.
Katy Perry had - Perry had, because she is the brand new face of COVERGIRL.
Katy and Perry had, because she now really herself is the new face of COVERGIRL.
Katya Perry had, because she is the brand new brand new face of COVERGIRL.
Katy Perry had, mainly because she now is the new face and model of COVERGIRL.
Katy Perry has had, because she is the brand new female face model of COVERGIRL.
Tom Fletcher himself has always joked his new baby will soon have three irresponsible uncles.
Tomás Fletcher has often joked his own baby son will have three irresponsible uncles.
Tomás de Fletcher has joked that his new baby will have three irresponsible uncles.
Tom Fletcher has joked his baby will have his own three, equally irresponsible uncles.
Tom Fletcher has also often joked that his baby son will have three irresponsible uncles.
Gabrielle La La Union is currently engaged to Dwyane Wade.
Gabrielle de Union is engaged to American actor Dwyane Wade.
Gabrielle La Union is currently engaged to actor Dwyane Wade.
Gabrielle La Unione is engaged to actor Dwyane Wade.
Gabrielle La Belle Unione is engaged to Dwyane Wade.
United Technologies Corp. may furlough more than than 5, 000 workers, if the federal government - mandated shutdown continues.
United Technologies Corporation International Corp. may furlough more than 5, 000, 000 workers if the federal government shutdown continues.
United United United Technologies Corp. may furlough more than $ 5, 000 US government workers if the government shutdown continues.
United Technologies Corp. may furlough with no more than $ 5, 000 workers, if only the government shutdown continues.
United Technologies International Corp. may not furlough more than 5, 000 workers if otherwise, the government mandated shutdown continues.
Pentagon is currently celebrating their own 20th anniversary.
Pentagon is celebrating on it their 20th anniversary.
Pentagon is currently celebrating their own 20th anniversary.
Pentagon is celebrating on it their 20th anniversary.
Pentagon City Park is celebrating their 20th anniversary.
Hospital food security needs have to be improved.
Hospital food security also needs to be improved.
Hospital food security needs to also be improved.
Hospital food security needs to also be improved.
Hospital food - security needs to be improved.
NJ : Keep Green.
NJ : Keep Green.
NJ : Keep Green.
NJ : Keep Green.
NJ : Keep Green.
Dairy Makes Not Quite a Difference.
Dairy Milk Makes Quite a Difference.
Dairy Makes Not Quite a Difference.
Dairy Milk Makes Quite a Difference.
Dairy and Milk Makes a Difference.
New York doctors, are now required to regularly personally check out the national drug database.
New - York doctors, are now also required to regularly check the national drug database.
New York doctors, are now, legally required, to check out the drug database.
New - York doctors, who are now required to check out of the drug database.
New - New York City doctors, who are now required to check the drug database.
George - Michael Zimmerman has since been found not guilty by a jury in investigating the shooting death of Police Officer Trayvon Martin.
George Michael Zimmerman has been found, not but not guilty, by a jury in investigating the shooting death of Trayvon Martin.
George Zimmerman, has been found not not guilty by a grand jury in Southern California investigating the shooting death of Trayvon Martin.
George Zimmerman has been unanimously found not not guilty, by a jury involved in investigating the 2002 shooting death of Trayvon Martin.
George Michael Zimmerman has been found not guilty by all a jury involved, in investigating the shooting death case of Trayvon Martin.
Gerardo Martino insists his entire team will not simply not relax.
Gerardo Rodríguez - San Martino insists his team will not relax.
Gerardo Martino also insists his team members will still not relax.
Gerardo Martino insists his two former team members will not relax.
Gerardo - Martino insists that his team members will not relax.
Clinton County will move to to create a new county travel watch.
Clinton County will move back to to get a new travel watch.
Clinton County will be also move according to to a travel watch.
Clintons County will then move it to to a travel watch.
Clinton County officials will move back to to a new travel watch.
Volvo India has been launched in India, for Rs 41. 35 lakh.
Volvo has launched in South East India for Rs 41. 5 35 lakh.
Volvo has launched in India for US Rs 41. 5 - 35 lakh.
Volvo has been launched in India, for Rs. 41. 35 lakh.
Volvo has launched in all the South India for Rs 41. 35 lakh.
A semi - truck - driver faces murder charges in a deadly crash.
A semi truck - driver faces charges in causing such a deadly crash.
A semi - truck driver also faces charges resulting in a deadly crash.
A young semi truck driver faces multiple murder charges in a deadly crash.
A former semi truck driver also faces charges resulting in a deadly crash.
GOVERNMENT minister, Simon James Burns, has told Camden Council.
GOVERNMENT - Former Prime minister Simon Burns has told Camden Council.
GOVERNMENT minister Simon - John Burns has told the Camden Council.
GOVERNMENT minister Simon Burnside has told to the Camden Council.
GOVERNMENT The minister, Simon Burns has told the Camden Council.
Hospitals often stumble in preventing - never events.
Hospitals stumble in, preventing but never events.
Hospitals stumbles together in preventing never events.
Hospitals stumble together in preventing but never events.
Hospitals stumble together, in preventing never events.
Julia - Robert has considered her giving up her acting jobs.
Julia De Roberti has considered giving up her acting jobs.
Julia Robert has also considered giving - up her acting jobs.
Julia and Robert has also also considered giving up acting jobs.
Julia Robert has considered her considering her giving up acting jobs.
Four suspected rebels were killed in a gunfight in the mountainous northern Meghalaya after a bomb attack.
Four armed rebels were reportedly killed in a gunfight in Meghalaya, after a suicide bomb attack.
Four rebels were killed in a gunfight held in the mountainous northern Meghalaya after a bomb attack.
Four more rebels were killed in a subsequent gunfight in Meghalaya after narrowly surviving a bomb attack.
Four rebels were killed later in a gunfight in Meghalaya, after narrowly surviving a bomb attack.
The Department of Health Services will be soon also hosting three new flu vaccination clinics, in Grants.
The Department of Health will soon also be hosting three new flu - vaccination clinics, in Grants.
The Department of Rural Public Health Health will be hosting three flu vaccination clinics, all in Grants.
The Departments of Public Health will be hosting three new flu vaccination health clinics, in Grants.
The Department of Health will be hosting three flu - related emergency vaccination clinics, all in Grants.
Iranian oil non - oil related exports amounted to $ 41. 628 billion year.
Iranian nonco - oil exports amounted up to 41. 1 628 billion year.
Iranian non - oil exports have by now amounted to 41. 628 billion year.
Iranian oil non - oil exports amounted to $ 41. 628 - billion year.
Iranian non - oil exports amounted up to $ 41. 628 - billion year.
Aluminium is expected not to revisit its previous high price of $ 1, 849.
Aluminium steel is expected to revisit its high price of US $ 1, 849.
Aluminium dioxide production is expected to revisit to its high of $ 1, 849.
Aluminium is also expected to revisit its high of $ $ $ 1, 849.
Aluminium is expected to revisit its current high price of $ $ 1, 849.
Asian financial markets prices were trading higher.
Asian financial markets prices were trading higher.
Asian markets prices were also trading higher.
Asian American financial markets were trading higher.
Asian markets were also also trading higher.
An accident afternoon night in rural southern Vigo County sends one homeless man to visit the hospital.
An automobile accident one afternoon in southern Vigo County sends one man running back to the hospital.
An accident afternoon night in southern Vigo County, Texas sends one man back to the hospital.
An automobile accident one afternoon night in rural southern Vigo County sends one man to the hospital.
An accident one afternoon in the remote rural southern Vigo County sends one man to the hospital.
Luke and Bryan will perform the NASCAR Daytona 500 Budweiser Pre - Race Fan Club Show Sunday, February 23.
Luke Bryan will perform the NASCAR Daytona 500 Budweiser Pre - Race Fan Show on Sunday, on February 23.
Luke Bryan, who will perform the Daytona 500 Budweiser Pre - Race Show on Daytona Sunday, February 23.
Luke Bryan will perform the Daytona International 500 at Budweiser Prep - Race Show Sunday, on February 23.
Luke Bryan will perform the Daytona International Speedway Daytona 500 Budweiser Pre - Race Fan Show Sunday, February 23.
The Eastern - Greek Orthodox faction will stage a dharna.
The Eastern Orthodox faction leader will stage in a dharna.
The Orthodox - Christian faction will also stage a dharna.
The Orthodox faction will then also stage in a dharna.
The Orthodox faction will also stage in on a dharna.
Egyptian authorities also, are reportedly considering disbanding the Muslim Brotherhood group.
Egyptian authorities are considering disbanding part of all the Muslim Brotherhood group.
Egyptian authorities are considering the officially disbanding of the Muslim Brotherhood group.
Egyptian government authorities are also considering officially disbanding the Muslim Brotherhood group.
Egyptian central government authorities are also considering disbanding the Muslim Brotherhood group.
ARAMARK International Investment Holdings Corporation Limited has filed a preliminary registration statement for a initial public offering.
ARAMARK Holdings Corporation has filed for a registration request statement for such a initial, public offering.
ARAMARK Financial Holdings Corporation has filed a registrations statement calling for a new initial public offering.
ARAMARK Holdings Corporation has also filed a registration and request statement for a initial public public offering.
ARAMARK International Holdings Holdings Corporation has filed a registrations statement calling for a initial public offering.
Who just plainly can't wait for the latest Monday Night game news.
Who knows I probably just can't wait for the Monday Night game news.
Who just plain can't wait for the latest Monday - Night game news.
Who I just can't wait for watching the Monday Night Football game news.
Who just plain can't wait for the latest on Monday Night game news.
Former professional NFL football team player Vince Young filed for bankruptcy.
Former NFL player Vince Young III has filed unsuccessfully for bankruptcy.
Former professional NFL player, Vince Neil Young filed for bankruptcy.
Former NFL football star player Vince Young has filed for bankruptcy.
Former NFL professional football player Vince Young filed unsuccessfully for bankruptcy.
Shanel Watson is enjoying the lead role instead of a senior pro.
Shane Watson is enjoying the lead role, instead of a senior pro.
Shane Watson is enjoying the new role of a former Wimbledon senior pro.
Shanel Watson, is enjoying the role of a former senior pro.
Shane Watson is enjoying the rare newfound role of a senior pro.
There have always not been very quite a few innovations among kirana stores, said Meghnad Desai.
There have been very few innovations among the kirana food stores,'" said Meghnad Desai.
There have always been very a few innovations among kirana stores, " " said Meghnad Desai.
There must have been a very very few innovations introduced among kirana stores, said Meghnad Desai.
There have always only been such a very few innovations among kirana stores, said Meghnad Desai.
Rickey Snyder is now bringing back his old mobile office hours.
Rick Snyder is now bringing him back his mobile during office hours.
Rick Snyders is bringing back all his mobile and office hours.
Rick knows Snyder is bringing with him back his mobile office hours.
Rickie Snyder is now bringing back to his mobile office hours.
Jeff Gordon also won in the Sunday's Sprint Cup race.
Jeff Gordon won Sunday's Sprints Cup Sprint Cup race.
Jeff - Gordon also won Sunday's Sprinter Cup race.
Jeff Gordon also won Sunday's Sprints Cup Cup race.
Jeff Gordon Gordon also won Sunday's first Sprint Cup race.
John and John Isner won the Atlanta Open.
John John Isner also won the Atlanta Open.
John Isner also recently won the Atlanta Open.
John and John Isner won the Atlanta Open.
John Isner won at both the Atlanta Open.
A man crashed his car right into such good a home.
A man crashed his own sports car right into a home.
A man had crashed his own car right into a home.
A young man crashed from his car into such a home.
A young man crashed his own car right into a home.
The 2014 New York Jets Jets schedule information was released early for the 2014 season.
The New York Jets Jets schedule it currently was released for after the 2014 season.
The 2014 New - York Jets schedule was released for after the entire 2014 season.
The 2014 New York City Jets Jets schedule was released prior for the 2014 season.
The New York Jets schedule was released for consideration after the entire NFL 2014 season.
Montreal is also considering getting a new airport.
Montreal is also getting into a new airport.
Montreal is getting a brand - new airport.
Montreal is now also getting a new airport.
Montreal is getting into building a new airport.
Estonia has assured Ukraine of the economic security benefits of having a free - trade zone area with the European Union.
Estonia also has assured Ukraine of the economic benefits of a new free - trade treaty area with the European Union.
Estonia has also assured Ukraine of the benefits of a new free trade area associated with the new Western European Union.
Estonia has assured Ukraine all of Ukraine the benefits of signing a free trade area agreement with joining the European Union.
Estonia has also assured Ukraine of the benefits of a free - - flowing free trade area with the European Union.
An Airborne paratroopers soldier has also been killed during a training exercise.
An Airborne Rangers paratrooper has been killed during a US military training exercise.
An Airborne Infantry Division paratrooper has been killed, during a training exercise.
An Airborne Rangers paratrooper has been killed during a US military training exercise.
An Airborne Division paratrooper soldier has been killed, during a training exercise.
Portugal also is considering a new debt exchange.
Portugal also, is considering a debt exchange.
Portugal is also considering a new debt exchange.
Portugal also is considering a new debt exchange.
Portugal is considering establishing a national debt exchange.
Barack Obama was aware and also of NSA agents spying on Angela Merkel.
Barack Obama also was aware of the NSA spying activities on Angela Merkel.
Barack Obama was also aware of NSA agents spying on Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Barack Obama was reportedly also aware of NSA spying on Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Barack Obama also was aware and also of NSA spying on Angela Merkel.
Who lied to tell the President Goodluck Jonathan, that he was the most criticized.
Who lied to President, Goodluck Jonathan and President Jonathan he was the most criticized.
Who lied, to President Goodluck Jonathan he himself, was perhaps the most criticized.
Who lied to President, Goodluck Jonathan he was not the only one most criticized.
Who lied, to President Edwin Goodluck and Jonathan he was probably the most criticized.
San Diego will also become only the nation's new second largest city to be led by not only half an openly gay mayor.
San Diego County will become both the new and nation's second largest gay city, to be led by an openly gay mayor.
San Diego will become only about half the nation's second second largest city to be led entirely by only an openly gay mayor.
San Diego County will become the nation's first new second largest city to not be led entirely by an openly - gay mayor.
San Diego Diego will also become only the second nation's second largest city to be led by not only an openly gay mayor.
The second highest daily rainfall registered in Bulgaria by 3 : 00 00 pm on Thursdays was recorded in Elhovo.
The highest rainfall registered ever was in Bulgaria by 3 10 : 00 pm UTC, on Thursday was in Elhovo.
The highest rainfall registered in Bulgaria by far around 3 : 00 00 00 pm on a Thursday was in Elhovo.
The highest rainfall registered in Bulgaria by 3 : : 00 : 00 : pm on Thursdays was in Elhovo.
The second highest rainfall registered in southern Bulgaria by 3 : 00 pm on almost a Thursday afternoon was in Elhovo.
Former US - British diplomat, Richard Haass, has met Secretary Theresa Villiers in London.
Former US senior diplomat Richard Haass, has met Secretary General, Theresa Villiers in London.
Former US diplomat, Richard John Haass has reportedly also met Secretary Theresa Villiers in London.
Former US diplomat Sir Richard de la Haass has met Secretary Theresa de Villiers in London.
Former US diplomat Richard Haass has also met US Deputy Foreign Secretary Theresa Villiers in London.
Kent County hotels made $ $ 1390 - 140 million in 2013 say tourism officials.
Kent County hotels made over $ 139 million in the 2013 say according to tourism officials.
Kent County hotels reportedly had made $ 1390 million in May 2013 say tourism officials.
Kenton County Resorts hotels made $ 139 million in 2013, say tourism officials.
Kent County hotels have made $ 1390 million in 2013, say to tourism officials.
Two youths attempted to rape and even a young woman at gunpoint.
Two youths also attempted unsuccessfully to rape a young woman at gunpoint.
Two youths had attempted to rape a young young woman at gunpoint.
Two other youths attempted to physically rape even a woman at gunpoint.
Two youths attempted unsuccessfully to physically rape a woman, at gunpoint.
Climate change will cause even the more recurrent and more severe heatwaves.
Climate climate - change will cause more severe recurrent and severe heatwaves.
Climate change also will cause more recurrent storms and more severe heatwaves.
Climate - change will also likely cause more recurrent and severe heatwaves.
Climate change will cause even more recurrent flooding and more severe heatwaves.
ProposalHelper has also announced the launch of ContingencyHire.
ProposalHelper also announced the official launch of ContingencyHire.
ProposalHelper announced at midnight the launch of ContingencyHire.
ProposalHelper announced the official public launch of ContingencyHire.
ProposalHelper announced at the 2016 launch of ContingencyHire.
The entire US economy also showed growth.
The new US national economy showed growth.
The growing US economy also showed growth.
The entire US economy also showed growth.
The US economy has also showed growth.
ValiRx2 technology is to also carry out further stability and sterility work based on its VAL201.
ValiRx technology is to carry out a further stability and improved sterility work on using its VAL201.
ValiRx technology is to carry out further stability, testing, and sterility work on its VAL201.
ValiRx is scheduled to also begin carry - out further stability and sterility work on its VAL201.
ValiRx technology is to carry out as a further improved stability and sterility work on its VAL201.
Jon Mitchell had spoke at his first ever offshore wind conference.
Jon Mitchell, himself had spoke at his offshore wind conference.
Joni Mitchell spoke up at his first offshore wind conference.
Joni and Mitchell spoke at his offshore offshore wind conference.
Joni Mitchell spoke up at hearing his offshore wind conference.
Michael Klinger has quit South Australia and will now play domestic cricket again for Western Australia.
Michael - John Klinger has quit South Australia, and he will play for Western Australia.
Michael Klingerman has now quit South West Australia, and will play for Western Australia.
Michael Klinger has quit playing cricket for South Australia, and will play for Western Australia.
Michael Klinger has now quit South Australia and will play cricket again for South Western Australia.
Eircom has been also launched with the new TV service.
Eircom TV has also launched with the new TV service.
Eircom TV has launched with it the new TV service.
Eircom TV has launched with the new Pay TV service.
Eircom has launched the brand new Pay - TV service.
Frankie Dettori will miss the rest part - of - of the season after breaking his ankle.
Frankie Dettori will also miss the entire rest of the regular season, after breaking his ankle.
Frankie Dettori will also not even miss the rest of the regular season after breaking his ankle.
Frankie Dettori, will also miss the rest part of of the season after breaking his ankle.
Frankie Dettori, who will miss the rest of the regular season, after breaking his ankle.
Britain also very warmly welcomes the adoptions of the new Constitution.
Britain warmly welcomes all the adoptions of all the new Constitution.
Britain warmly welcomes all the adoptions made of the new Constitution.
Britain warmly welcomes in the adoption of in it the new Constitution.
Britain also warmly received welcomes in the adoption of the new Constitution.
The city limits of Templeton Terrace has seen a significant drop in violent crimes over the the last five years.
The city - limits of Temple Terrace has seen quite a drop in crimes over the the last twenty five years.
The city of Templeton Terrace has seen a very significant drop in crimes over the past last twenty five years.
The large neighboring suburban city of Temple Terrace has seen a significant drop in crimes over the past last five years.
The city of Temple Terrace has seen a drop in in violent crimes reported in Chicago over the last five years.
China will improve on its military training to reach a combat standard.
China will also improve military fighter pilot training to reach combat standard.
China will improve military officer training programs aiming to reach combat standard.
China will improve its military pilot training program to reach combat standard.
China will improve military training programs and programs to reach combat standard.
A scenic private jet charter flight turned to double disaster.
A very scenic air flight turned out to double disaster.
A scenic jet flight had turned out to double disaster.
A scenic flight that night had turned to double disaster.
A mere single scenic flight turned disaster to double disaster.
Xolair is also sometimes indicated, aka hives.
Xolair is also indicated, sometimes aka hives.
Xolairy is indicated, but aka hives.
Xolairy is indicated, but aka hives.
Xolair is indicated, but not aka hives.
Two of the other two French journalists who had been kidnapped were killed in Mali.
Two French journalists who had been kidnapped were also killed while travelling abroad in Mali.
Two French journalists who reportedly had been reportedly kidnapped earlier, were killed in Mali.
Two French journalists, who had previously been kidnapped were killed, while in Mali.
Two French journalists who had been also allegedly kidnapped earlier, were killed in Mali.
Sevastopol asks for additional RUR - 6000 million loan from the Finance Ministry for budgetary needs.
Sevastopol also asks for additional RUR $ 600 million from the Finances Ministry for budgetary needs.
Sevastopol also now asks additional RUR 600 million from all the Finance Ministry departments for budgetary needs.
Sevastopol asks for additional RUR 6000 million loan from the Finance Ministry for its budgetary needs.
Sevastopol asks the parliament for an additional RUR 600 million from the Finance Ministry for budgetary needs.
Love music is louder.
Love music is louder.
Love music is louder.
Love music is louder.
Love music is louder.
A more general lack of attention is believed to also have hampered tourism and development in Klungkung.
A lackment of media attention is also believed to have hampered tourism development efforts in Klungkung.
A general lack of attention received is believed to have hampered the tourism and development in Klungkung.
A perceived lackment of attention is also believed to have severely hampered tourism development in Klungkung.
A lack of attention is believed to have probably also severely hampered the tourism development in Klungkung.
Writer Luis Oscar Hijuelos has died at the approximate age age of 62.
Writer Luis Oscar de Hijuelos has died at the age of of 62.
Writer Oscar Hijuelos, has died at about the age age of 62.
Writer Luis Oscar Hijuelos has died at about the approximate age of 62.
Writer Luis Oscar Hijuelos has died at about the age age of 62.
Rajat Kapoor Kapoor doesn't even even watch Hindi movies are.
Rajat Kapoor who who doesn't even watch Hindi movies are.
Rajat Kapoor doesn't really even even watch Hindi movies are.
Rajat Kapoor Kapoor doesn't watch what Hindi action movies are.
Rajat Kapoor who doesn't even watch Hindi language movies are.
Pacers Zaheer Khan put India on top once again, against South Africa.
Pacers Zaheer Khan also put India on top, against hosts South Africa.
Pacers Zaheer Khan also put Team India on top, against South Africa.
Pacers Zaheer and Ali Khan put India back on top against South Africa.
Pacers Zaheer Khan put Team Team India back on top against South Africa.
Ilhamid Aliyev has congratulated him as the first president of Dagestan.
Ilham Aliyev, has congratulated as the very first president of Dagestan.
Ilham Aliyev has congratulated as president the very first president of Dagestan.
Ilham Aliyev, has congratulated as the first president, of Dagestan.
Ilham Aliyev, has congratulated as the president, Republic of Dagestan.
The African Broadcasting Union High - Commissioner ended her visit.
The African National Union High Commissioner endedorse her visit.
The Chief Executive African Trade Union Commissioner ended her visit.
The African Union High Commissionership ended with her visit.
The African Union Commissioner also ended it with her visit.
The national food nutrition policy will be released online in the Moneragala tomorrow.
The national nutrition policy report will be being officially released in Moneragala tomorrow.
The national nutrition policy report will be being released annually in Moneragala tomorrow.
The national food nutrition policy will also be released in the Moneragala tomorrow.
The national nutrition policy will be being released in the new Moneragala tomorrow.
Pakistan reviewed this and agreed not to help intensify the engagements.
Pakistan reviewed and then agreed to intensify in all the engagements.
Pakistan also reviewed and then mutually agreed to intensify the engagements.
Pakistan was reviewed and agreed to not to intensify the engagements.
Pakistan reviewed them and agreed not to intensify all the engagements.
The then Royal Ghana Armed Forces held an open day.
The then Royal Ghana Armed Forces held an open day.
The then Royal Ghana Armed Forces held an open day.
The Royal Ghanaian Armed Forces is held open day.
The then Royal Ghana Armed Forces held an open day.
The whole country can simply simply not afford the sheer luxury of a failed idea.
The country can not even afford the sheer financial - luxury of a failed idea.
The country can not afford the luxury value alone of such a single failed idea.
The entire entire country can not even afford the luxury of a single failed idea.
The whole country can simply not afford the luxury of having such a failed idea.
Miley and Stacy Cyrus is planning a very huge 21st birthday party.
Miley Cyrus herself is planning a very huge 21st - birthday party.
Miley Cyrus is planning it on a huge, 21st birthday party.
Miley Cyrus is also planning a now very huge 21st birthday party.
Miley Cyrus is planning on a huge 21st - anniversary birthday party.
Emeritus Professor Dick Stanley has retired permanently, from Stanley Consultants.
Emeritus Chairman Dickie Stanley has retired permanently from Stanley Consultants.
Emeritus Professor Dickie Stanley, has retired from Stanley Consultants.
Emeritus Dickey Stanley has retired directly from Dick Stanley Consultants.
Emeritus Dick Stanley has retired directly from Dick - Stanley Consultants.
Portugal also paid a grand final homage to footballing Eusebio.
Portugal paid a grand final homage, to footballing Eusebio.
Portugal also later paid final day homage to footballing Eusebio.
Portugal paid a final final homage to the footballing Eusebio.
Portugal also paid a final homage to the footballing Eusebio.
Two teenagers who are lucky enough to still be alive.
Two teenagers are lucky enough - enough to be alive.
Two - hundred teenagers who are lucky to be alive.
Two hundred teenagers are very lucky to still be alive.
Two teenagers, who are lucky to still be alive.
LSU again came but fell to Western Kentucky University in overtime.
LSU again came but then fell to Kentucky State in overtime.
LSU came first but then they fell to Kentucky in overtime.
LSU then came back but fell short to Kentucky in overtime.
LSU then came right back but fell to Kentucky in overtime.
AUSTRALIA ranks 11th for the easement of people not doing business.
AUSTRALIA ranks 11th for all of the ease of people doing business.
AUSTRALIA ranks above it 11th for the relative ease of doing business.
AUSTRALIAL also ranks 11th for the easement of doing business.
AUSTRALIA ranks 11th nationally for having the easement of doing business.
The 10km road race also has caused traffic chaos.
The 10km road race also has caused traffic chaos.
The $ 10k road race also caused some traffic chaos.
The 10k road bicycle race caused a major traffic chaos.
The 10k road race caused major road and traffic chaos.
Oilers prospect, Bogdan Yakimov will also eventually also leave the KHL to help continue his career in North America.
Oilers prospect Bogdan Yakimovych will leave the Russian KHL, to seek help continue his career in North America.
Oilers top prospect, Bogdan Yakimov will leave for the KHL, to continue his career in the North America.
Oilers top prospect Bogdan Yakimov will leave the top flight of Russian KHL to continue his career in North America.
Oilers'top prospect Bogdanovich Yakimov will leave the KHL, to continue with his career in North America.
Glenbard Avenue West Junior High School, will present Peter Pan.
Glenbard West Junior High School students will present a Peter Pan.
Glenbard West High & High School, will present Peter Pan.
Glenbard - West Junior High School will present a Peter Pan.
Glenbard West High School students also will also present Peter Pan.
Science, Technology Inc. has launched their newly backed startup.
Science Inc. launched their very own own newly backed startup.
Science, Inc. launched as well their newly backed startup.
Science, Inc. launched their own newly - backed startup.
Science Inc. launched their very own newly - backed startup.
Russia says it plans to gradually expand beyond its worldwide Russian military presence.
Russia says that it plans soon to expand its own worldwide military presence.
Russia also says it plans to further and expand its worldwide military presence.
Russia says it plans very soon to expand its worldwide Russian military presence.
Russia says that, it plans to expand with its worldwide military presence.
It's, Saturday Night Live held a secretive audition for the first two black female comedians.
It's, that Saturday Night Night Live had held up a secret audition for black female comedians.
It's, that Saturday Night Live staff had held a secretive audition for black female comedians.
It's, Saturday Night Night Live held up a secret audition session for two black female comedians.
It's, that Saturday Night Live Live held a secretive audition process for black female comedians.
Illinois also leads the entire nation green in building space.
Illinois currently leads the entire nation in green building space.
Illinois leads in the entire nation greenest building space.
Illinois Tech currently leads in the nation green building space.
Illinois Tech currently leads the nation greenest building space.
Many major banks are also still rushing to sell their bad loans as as fiscal year 2014.
Many banks are still rushing money to sell their bad mortgage loans as as fiscal year 2014.
Many major banks worldwide are rushing to not sell their bad loans as as fiscal year 2014.
Many banks are rushing to not only sell their own very bad loans as fiscal year 2014.
Many banks are rushing to sell their bad loans as early as fiscal calendar - year 2014.
Microsoft has rebranded all its Office Web Apps service as Office Online.
Microsoft Office Office has rebranded Microsoft Office Web Apps as Office Online.
Microsoft Office has rebranded Office Web Apps as simply Microsoft Office Online.
Microsoft Office has rebranded its Office and Web Apps as Office Online.
Microsoft has since rebranded Office Online and Web Apps as Office Online.
Three or more flu deaths may also also have been reported in the Central Texas area.
Three more flu deaths may also have been reported, in only the Central Texas area.
Three more bird flu deaths have also been recently reported in the Central, Texas area.
Three more flu deaths may have been reported elsewhere in the entire South Central Texas area.
Three million or more flu deaths have been officially reported annually in the Central Texas area.
Ukraine also, has successfully completed most of the procedures for Ukraine signing the Association Agreement with the Western European Union.
Ukraine has already successfully completed most of the procedures for signing of the Associations Agreement with the Western European Union.
Ukraine also has completed most of the procedures for the Ukraine signing the European Economic Association Agreement with the European Union.
Ukraine itself has already completed most of almost all the procedures for signing the Association Agreement with joining the European Union.
Ukraine government has completed most of the procedures for Ukraine signing of the Associations Agreement with joining the European Union.
John Kerry phone called Benjamin Netanyahu over his alleged anti - Israel US remarks.
John and Kerry by phone called Benjamin and Netanyahu over anti - US remarks.
John Kerry phone called President Benjamin Franklin and Netanyahu over anti - US remarks.
John Kerry phoned called Benjamin Franklin Netanyahu over anti pro - US remarks.
John and Kerry phone called Benjamin Franklin and Netanyahu over anti - US remarks.
Iran wants, but will not sacrifice, its rights,'" Hassanal Rouhani said.
Iran wants, wants but will, not sacrifice its rights, " Hassanal Rouhani said.
Iran wants, wants but will not to sacrifice for its human rights, Hassan Rouhani said.
Iran still wants, but will not sacrifice its rights, Hassanal and Hassan Rouhani said.
Iran wants, but will probably not, sacrifice for its human rights, Hassan Rouhani said.
Former Ohio State president E. & Gordon Van Gee is currently waiving his claim to more than than $. 6 million, as agreed upon, in a proposed, new contract.
Former then - Ohio Valley State president E. Gordon - Gee is currently waiving his claim to pay more than $ 6 million, 000, as agreed upon in a new contract.
Former Ohio State president, E. Gordon Gee is waiving his claim of up to more than than US $. 6 million, 000 as agreed upon, in a new contract.
Former - Ohio State president E. Gordon Geer is waiving his claim to more than US $ $. $ 6 - million, as agreed upon, in a new contract.
Former Ohio State University president E. William Gordon - Gee is waiving his claim to more than $ 6 million, just as was previously agreed upon, in a brand new contract.
The three remaining original Rolling Stones members have postponed their tour of Australia and New Zealand.
The Rolling Stones have postponed their tour to outside of, both Australia and New Zealand.
The original Rolling Stones have postponed their tour outside of both Australia, and New Zealand.
The band Rolling Stone Stones have postponed their tour of both Australia and the New Zealand.
The New Rolling Stones have since also postponed their tour of both Australia and New Zealand.
Tom Cole is seeking his very own own seventh term.
Tommie Coles III is seeking his seventh term.
Tom Coles is currently seeking out his seventh term.
Tommie Coles is seeking out his seventh term.
Tommie Coles is currently seeking his seventh term.
Around 65, 000 new houses, were built in southern Angola in 2013.
Around about $ 65, 000 000 houses were built in Angola in 2013.
Around about $ 65, 000 houses were being built in Angola in 2013.
Around about 65, 000 houses were being built in southern Angola in 2013.
Around about 65, 000 houses, were being built in Angola in 2013.
Ellensburg High - School girls team is currently ranked third in football all the state.
Ellensburg High - High School football the girls team is ranked third in the state.
Ellensburg High - Tech High School girls team is currently ranked third in the state.
Ellensburg High School football girls team is ranked as being the third in the state.
Ellensburg Area High School girls basketball team is ranked third - best in the state.
Starbucks'move of all its headquarters to the London United - Kingdom will see.
Starbucks'move of its headquarters back home to what the United Kingdom will see.
Starbucks move of all its headquarters back to what the entire United Kingdom will see.
Starbucks move of its headquarters to the whole of United United Kingdom you will see.
Starbucks move of its headquarters to the whole whole whole United Kingdom you will see.
Anderson Silvas, is also expected to be later released from a hospital Sunday.
Anderson da Silva is also not expected to ever be released from a hospital Sunday.
Anderson Silva is also expected not to be released early on from a hospital Sunday.
Anderson Silva is also expected to eventually be released early from on a hospital Sunday.
Anderson da Silva is expected not to eventually be released from a mental hospital Sunday.
Starships playing Peter Pan and Wendy Williams Williams will then miraculously fly away to Neverland.
Stars playing with Peter, Pan, and Wendy will then miraculously fly away to Neverland.
Starships playing Peter Pan and Wendy will miraculously fly with them away, to Neverland.
Stars playing Peter - Pan and Wendy will then miraculously, fly them away to Neverland.
Stars playing with Peter Pan, and Wendy will then miraculously fly away back to Neverland.
Foxtel has since thrown all its support points behind the NBN.
Foxtel - TV has thrown its support behind to the NBN.
Foxtel has now thrown all its full support behind the NBN.
Foxtel TV has thrown its full financial support behind the NBN.
Foxtel has thrown out all its support behind to the NBN.
Germany will also support the economic consequences against the Syrian regime.
Germany will also support consequences against the new ruling Syrian regime.
Germany will support the consequences directed against " the Syrian regime.
Germany will support consequences directed specifically against the new Syrian regime.
Germany will likely also support consequences against supporting the Syrian regime.
A man from nearby Holland City Park is accused of sexually assaulting a teen in driving an ice cream van.
A man from rural South Holland is accused of sexually assaulting daughter of a teen in an ice cream van.
A man from Holland is accused " of assaulting " a teen in an abandoned ice - - cream van.
A maniac from nearby Holland City is accused of assaulting a teen teenage girl in an ice cream van.
A man from North Holland is accused falsely of assaulting a teen in driving an abandoned Volkswagen ice cream van.
Some prominent Nigerian politicians have turned Boko Haram issues into political campaign rhetoric.
Some Nigerian politicians have turned Boko Haram related issues back into campaign rhetoric.
Some politicians may have also turned Boko Haram related issues into campaign rhetoric.
Some politicians have reportedly also turned Boko - Haram issues into campaign rhetoric.
Some Nigerian politicians have turned the traditional Boko Haram issues into campaign rhetoric.
The Governments of Western Canada has decided however not yet to proceed with the new Close Combat Vehicle procurement project.
The Governments Department of Canada has also decided not to ever immediately proceed with the Close Combat Vehicle procurement project.
The Government of Western Canada has decided not to immediately proceed with the new Canadian Close Combat Vehicles procurement project.
The Federal Governments of Canada however has decided not to proceed directly with the Close Combat Vehicles procurement project.
The Government of Western Canada has also decided not to proceed further with the new Close Combat Vehicles procurement project.
An even earlier mistake enabled the Bolton to claim their victory.
An mistake then enabled Lord Bolton himself to claim their victory.
An mistake then enabled Lord Bolton to claim back their victory.
An earlier mistake enabled Bolton to successfully again claim their victory.
An earlier mistake enabled Bolton Wanderers to claim back their victory.
The Taj Mahal city has also also celebrated Independence Day.
The Taj Ram Singhal Mahal city celebrated Independence Day.
The Taj Mahal city council has celebrated Indian Independence Day.
The former Taj Mahal the city celebrated Indian Independence Day.
The Taj Kali Mahal city has celebrated Indian Independence Day.
A stray dog who has been accidentally killed in a barbaric attack.
A dog has been killed in a not particularly brutal barbaric attack.
A dog has apparently also been killed, in a barbaric attack.
A dog has been recently killed in a not particularly barbaric attack.
A dog has also been reported being killed in a barbaric attack.
John McCririck also loses in his own age discrimination case.
Johnnie McCririck loses his own personal age discrimination case.
John McCririck loses money in his age - discrimination case.
Johnnie McCririck also loses his own age discrimination case.
Johnnie McCririck loses in his own age discrimination case.
Physiotherapists will often also be able not to prescribe medication.
Physiotherapists also will be much better able to prescribe medication.
Physiotherapists will also will be able to help prescribe medication.
Physiotherapists will be better able to also help prescribe medication.
Physiotherapists, will also will be able to prescribe medication.
Dhoom - Part 3 is his second toughest role so far.
Dhoom - Part 3 is his toughest acting role so far.
Dhoom - 3 is his toughest role ever played so far.
Dhoom - 3 is arguably his toughest film role so far.
Dhoom - 3 which is his toughest film role so far.
The Government has reportedly also questioned the US Embassy on a tweet.
The Government questioned the US Embassy and officials responded on a tweet.
The Government questioned the US and US Embassy officials on a tweet.
The Government questioned the US - US Embassy on sending a tweet.
The US Government questioned the US US Embassy officials on a tweet.
Police are also searching for more clues after finding a mysterious dead dog.
Police are searching again for clues after initially finding only a dead dog.
Police officers are searching for clues after initially finding only a dead dog.
Police are searching once again for clues after finally finding a dead dog.
Police are also searching again for clues, after finding a dead dog.
A Malaysian was killed in two attacks, attacking a restaurant in Kabul, in a attack.
A Malaysian was killed in a Chinese restaurant restaurant, in Kabul, in such a attack.
A Malaysian was killed in attacking a restaurant in Kabul, in one such case a attack.
A Malaysian was reportedly also killed in a restaurant in Kabul, inciting such a attack.
A young Malaysian was killed in attacking a Chinese restaurant in Kabul, Afghanistan in a attack.
This same year's Arab Idol winner, Mohammed Al Assaf said he still wants to help give hope to all the nearly twenty five million Palestinian refugees.
This year's Arab Idol winner, Mohammed Ali Al Assaf said that he wants to give hope back to the many nearly - five million Palestinian refugees.
This year's Arab Idol winner, Mohammed Assaf, said that, he wants to give more hope " to the many nearly five million Palestinian refugees.
This year's Arab Pop Idol winner, Mohammed Assaf, said he wants to help give hope to the many nearly five - million displaced Palestinian refugees.
This same year same year's Arab Pop Idol winner, Mohammed Assaf, has said he wants to give hope to the nearly five million Palestinian refugees.
132 professors were urging Catholic high schools to reject the Common Core standards.
132 university professors were urging Roman Catholic schools to reject Common Core standards.
132 were professors urging Catholic schools not to completely reject Common Core standards.
132 professors were urging Catholic schools not to reject Common - Core standards.
132 professors urging Roman - Catholic schools to reject the Common Core standards.
The 2017 expansion Philadelphia Phillies have re - signed / Michael Martinez to a minor - - league deal.
The Philadelphia Phillies have re - signed Kevin Lee Smith / Michael Martinez, to a minor league deal.
The Philadelphia Phillies organization have also re - signed Kevin / Michael Martinez to a new minor league deal.
The 2017 Philadelphia Phillies organization have re - signed / Michael Martinez, to sign a minor league deal.
The Philadelphia Phillies have also re - signed signed / Michaela Martinez to sign a minor league deal.
Charlottesville area veterans have received France s the second highest military service honor in the liberation of France.
Charlottesville area French war veterans have received France's highest military honor in the liberation of France.
Charlotte area veterans received France s second highest military honor in during the post liberation war history of France.
Charlotte area war veterans received in France s highest military - service honor resulting in the liberation of France.
Charlottesville area veterans received France s highest individual military service honor in the liberation and war of France.
Quarterback, Matty Schaub can call an audible on to use his Twitter account.
Quarterback, Matt Schaub can also call in an audible on to his Twitter account.
Quarterback Matt Schaub can call an audible on his very own personal or Twitter account.
Quarterback Matty Von Schaub can also call an audible audible on his Twitter account.
Quarterback, and quarterback Matt Schaub can also call an audible on his Twitter account.
Thanks, opened, Nashville, has also been named a top destination and city for national green meetings in 2014.
Thanks, opened, Nashville Metro Industrial Park has been recently named a top destination for green energy meetings in 2014.
Thanks, when newly opened, Nashville has also been recently named a national top destination for green meetings in 2014.
Thanks, opened, Nashville, has been named as a top destination city statewide and for green meetings in 2014.
Thanks, opened, Nashville Park has been recently been named a top 10 destination destination for green meetings in 2014.
Garlic compounds are effective in killing all contaminants present almost naturally in the baby formula.
Garlic compounds are very highly effective agents in killing all contaminants present in baby formula.
Garlic compounds are effective in effectively killing contaminants that present naturally in the baby formula.
Garlic compounds that are effective agents in killing contaminants are present naturally in baby formula.
Garlic compounds that are also effective in more effectively killing contaminants present in baby formula.
Lawyer Tedd Olson also answered questions.
Lawyer, Ted Olson also answered questions.
Lawyer, Ted and Olson answered questions.
Lawyer Tedd Olson also answered questions.
Lawyer, Ted and Olson answered questions.
David David Letterman's son retiring as host of The Late Show.
David Letterman's retiring as the new host of The Late Show.
David Letterman's retiring role was as the host of Late Show.
David is Letterman's son retiring as the host of Late Show.
David Letterman's retiring was as the host emeritus of Late Show.
A young South Toms River River man was arrested in downtown downtown Berkeley for eluding.
A South Toms River drug maniac was arrested while in Berkeley, for eluding.
A South Toms River maniac who was arrested while living in Berkeley for eluding.
A South Toms River maniac was also arrested in Berkeley County jail for eluding.
A South Toms River black collar man was arrested twice in Berkeley County for eluding.
Bieber has invested, by investors in, a round for launching the new online social media network, Shots Of Me.
Bieber has invested, backed by investors, in funding a round for the brand new social network, Shots Of Me.
Bieber has also invested, by investors, in a funding round for the then brand new social network Shots Of Me.
Bieber has been also invested, by investors in a round, for launching the new social network, Shots Of Me.
Bieber has also been invested, by investors, in a round for the brand new social network Shots Out Of Me.
Sarasota Opera has also announced the launch of the very first brand new Student Season Pass program.
Sarasota Opera has also recently announced the launch of using the new Student Opera Season Pass program.
Sarasota University Opera Chorus has announced the launch of all of the new Student Season Pass program.
Sarasota Civic Opera Company, has also announced the launch of the new Student Season Pass program.
Sarasota Opera has announced that the launch of all the new Student Opera Season - Pass program.
The US National Security Agency used a loophole created in federal laws to effectively carry out these illegal warrantless searches.
The US National Security Agency has also successfully used a loophole in laws to carry - out such warrantless searches.
The US US National and Transportation Security Agency has used a loophole in laws to effectively carry out warrantless searches.
The US government National Security Agency used a legal loophole created in laws to allow carry - out warrantless searches.
The US US National Security Agency has used a loophole in laws used today to carry out these warrantless searches.
Early accumulation of such a small soluble protein not present in the blood - vessels of the brain can also drive cognitive impairment.
Early accumulations because of a small protein in the very small deep blood vessels of the brain can drive a cognitive impairment.
Early accumulation of a small protein protein in the blood - vessels of within the brain stem cells can also drive cognitive impairment.
Early accumulation of a small protein protein in the deep blood blood - vessels of the brain can probably also drive cognitive impairment.
Early - brain accumulation of a very small protein present in the blood - vessels lining of the brain can drive cognitive impairment.
Cardiff City Blues fans have confirmed that Paul John has been named the new new backs coach.
Cardiff Blues'officials have confirmed Paul John has also been named the new new backs coach.
Cardiff Blues have confirmed that Paul John has also been named on as the new backs coach.
Cardiff City Blues have also confirmed Paul John has also been named as the new backs coach.
Cardiff Blues have confirmed Pauly St John has also been named as the new backs coach.
The Parti Quebecois'Charter of establishing the Quebec Values will also now be a uniting force, for the province.
The Parti - Québec - Quebecois'Charter of Quebec Values will be a uniting political force for governing the province.
The'Parti - Quebecois'Charter of Quebecois Values will be made as a uniting force for the province.
The proposed new Parti Quebecois d'Charter of Quebec of Values will be a uniting force, for the province.
The'Parti Quebecois'Charters of Quebec Values will be a uniting and political driving force for the province.
Arun Jaitley would also not contest from between the two parliamentary constituencies.
Aruna Jaitley, would not contest from the two parliamentary constituencies.
Arun Jaitley would not contest the elections from two other parliamentary constituencies.
Arun Jaitley, would not even dare contest from two parliamentary constituencies.
Arun Jaitley would not contest elections from the two remaining parliamentary constituencies.
Meridian Health Plan launched its first major and new commercial product.
Meridian Health Planners launched its very first first commercial product.
Meridian Health Planners launched as its first major commercial product.
Meridian Health Care Planners launched its first major commercial product.
Meridian Health Plan launched its first major and new commercial product.
Creator on know the how, Greg Benson became a YouTube sensation.
Creator on how Greg Benson works has became quite a YouTube sensation.
Creator on learning how Greg, Benson has became a YouTube sensation.
Creator on how Grega Benson became such a major YouTube sensation.
Creators comments on how Greg Benson became such a YouTube sensation.
The New Orleans Fighting Saints have waived linebacker Martez Wilson, and they have promoted Ryan Patrick Griffin to the NFL active roster.
The 2017 New Orleans Saints will have waived middle linebacker Martez Wilson, and promoted offensive guard Ryan Griffin to the active roster.
The New - Orleans Saints would have also also waived backup linebacker Martez Wilson and promoted Ryan Griffin to the Saints active roster.
The 2017 New Orleans Saints have waived starting linebacker, linebacker Martez Wilson and promoted guard, Ryan Griffin to the active roster.
The New Orleans Fighting Saints would also have waived linebacker Martez Wilson and also promoted Ryan Patrick Griffin to the Saints active roster.
ATL & T announced all the seven new 4G LTE markets.
ATL & T also announced the seven new 4G LTE markets.
AT & T also announced the seven new 4G and LTE markets.
AT & T announced seven new and new 4G and LTE markets.
AT & T also has announced seven brand new 4G LTE markets.
How nice to make a request letter for a cash advance payment in to my company.
How to make a request letter asking for such a small cash advance in my company.
How very nice, to make a request letter for cash in advance in my company.
How to make a special request letter for a cash advance invested in by my company.
How best not to make up a request or letter for cash advance in my company.
Emma - Thompson fears young aspiring actresses are under increasing pressure to look more like models.
Emma Thompson fears young actresses are often under pressure not to even look exactly like models.
Emma Thompson also fears young actresses are under increasing pressure to not look more like models.
Emma Thompson fears that young aspiring actresses are also becoming under pressure to look like models.
Emma Thompson also fears that young actresses are under pressure not to look exactly like models.
School boards also have elected new officers.
School district boards also elected new officers.
School boards have also elected new officers.
School boards also elected two new officers.
School boards also elected two new officers.
Centerstone received a $ US $ 200, 000 000 grant to expand crisis services.
Centerstone received only a $ 200, 000 grant to help expand its crisis services.
Centerstone received only a $ 200, 000 federal grant to expand its crisis services.
Centerstone also received a US $ $ 200, 000 grant to expand crisis services.
Centerstone received a $ US $ 200, 000 grant, to expand crisis services.
Global admin spending grew, only moderately.
Global television and ad spending grew only moderately.
Global ad spending has also grew only moderately.
Global television and ad spending grew only moderately.
Global ad spending also grew but only moderately.
The growing number of college students involved both in both violent violent crimes and gangsterism are on the rise.
The number of college age college students being involved in violent crimes and even gangsterism are on the rise.
The rapidly growing number - of students involved in violent crimes and gangsterism are on - - the rise.
The number of students involved in violent crimes and gangsterism are also still on record - - the rise.
The number increases of students being involved in violent crimes, and gangsterism are on - all the rise.
Plans also have been unveiled, including to revive the Haworth in the Bloom group.
Plans have also recently been unveiled to revive both the Haworths in Bloom group.
Plans have also been unveiled to revive the Haworth in and form the Bloom group.
Plans also have been unveiled, to revive of the the Haworth in Bloom group.
Plans have also been unveiled to revive of the the Haworths in Bloom group.
There are some questions that you need me not to ask before choosing a day care.
There are questions that you need to ask before considering about your choosing a day care.
There are questions you need to really first ask before choosing someone on a day care.
There are some questions you need to ask before choosing on a brand new day care.
There are questions here that you need to first - ask before choosing a day care.
Dougie Fife will make up time for his Scotland Test debut.
Dougie Fifer will make up for his Scotland Test debut.
Dougie of Fife will also make his full Scotland Test debut.
Dougie Fifer will also make his Scotland A Test debut.
Dougie Fifer will make his full 2018 Scotland Test debut.
Congress uses secularism " as being a point source of political blackmail.
Congress uses American secularism " as a point of political political blackmail.
Congress uses secularism as being a point and source of political blackmail.
Congress uses secularism itself as being a point source of political blackmail.
Congress often uses secularism as well being a point of political blackmail.
Police stations in Rome, and in Milan, and Naples will begin carrying pepper spray.
Police in central Rome, in particular, Milan and Naples will begin carrying pepper spray.
Police in both Rome, Milan, and Naples will also immediately begin carrying pepper spray.
Police in Rome, and Milan, and Naples, Italy will begin carrying pepper spray.
Police stations in both Rome, Milan and even Naples will also begin carrying pepper spray.
British landscape architect Sir David Chipperfield was chosen first to build.
British architect Sir David Chipperfield was later also chosen to build.
British landscape architect Sir David Chipperfield was also chosen to build.
British architect David Chipperfield, was chosen first person to build.
British architect David Chipperfield, who was chosen, to build.
The Syrian Arab Civil Government carried out a major chemical weapons attack.
The Free - Syrian Government carried out a chemical - weapons attack.
The Free Syrian Army Government carried out only a chemical weapons attack.
The Syrian Government carried it in out as a chemical weapons attack.
The Free - Syrian Government carried out only a chemical weapons attack.
The projected electrical power shortfall has reduced to 1750 - megawatts distributed across the country.
The power shortfall rate has reduced to about 17500 megawatts spread across the country.
The resulting power shortfall has reduced power output to 1750 - megawatts across the country.
The power - generation shortfall also has reduced power to 1750 megawatts across the country.
The projected wind power shortfall rate has been reduced to 1750 megawatts across the country.
Goldsmith held good support at 1241. / 39.
Gold held good support for him at 1241 / 39.
Gold held good support for at least 1241 / 39.
Gold held good financial support at $ 1241 / 39.
Gold held good for financial support at 1241 / 39.
ST. : GEORGE, 2009 The police chief has also been recently arrested after he resigned.
ST. GEORGE, 2009 The police chief has been also reportedly arrested shortly after he resigned.
ST. GEORGE, The local police station assistant chief has also been arrested after he resigned.
ST. GEORGE, April 2009 : The local police chief has been arrested after he resigned.
ST. GEORGE, - The police station chief who has been recently arrested after he resigned.
A woman passenger was fatally - struck while on the Suitland Parkway.
A woman was also fatally accidentally struck on board the Suitland Parkway.
A woman passenger was fatally - struck while on the Suitland Parkway.
A woman was fatally accidentally struck on the nearby South Suitland Parkway.
A woman passenger was also fatally struck on the nearby Suitland Parkway.
The US targeted companies operating with direct links back to Iran.
The US targeted companies with links going back home to Iran.
The new US targeted companies with very strong links to Iran.
The Western US also targeted companies with links back to Iran.
The US targeted companies already operating abroad with links to Iran.
A good man born to a hang, ain't never been gon na drown.
A good man born to hang, he ain't never gon'na drown.
A man born to hang, ain't never never been gon'na drown.
A good man, born to hang, ain't never gon'na drown.
A man born to take a hang, he ain't never gon na drown.
Which fictional character really has is the writing style that you most want to steal.
Which fictional character has the hair style you most likely want from him to steal.
Which fictional character has the style that you most want for for him to steal.
Which fictional cartoon character has the same style you probably would most want to steal.
Which fictional character has the style you would most likely still not want to steal.
A man he was robbed off of at a knifepoint near Tulane University Monday night.
A young young man was robbed at a knifepoint near Tulane State University Monday night.
A young black man was allegedly robbed while at knifepoint near Tulane University Monday night.
A man who was robbed at knifepoint, near the Tulane State University Monday night.
A young young man was allegedly robbed at a knifepoint near Tulane University Monday night.
Mick Jagger was celebrated on his 70th birthday.
Mick Jagger celebrated on his own 70th birthday.
Mick Jagger celebrated his own own 70th birthday.
Mick Jagger celebrated it on his 70th birthday.
Micky Jagger celebrated on his 70th birthday.
Intel Corp. plans to significantly reduce its existing global workforce.
Intel Corp plans to reduce nearly one half its global workforce.
Intel Corp. plans to reduce half of its global workforce.
Intelligent Corp plans to reduce its existing, global workforce.
Intel Corp plans not to drastically reduce its entire global workforce.
The original 1999 Final Fantasy Legend VIII is now available on Steam.
The original 1999 Final Fantasy VIII is available now only on Steam.
The 1999 Final - Fantasy Legend VIII is available now on Steam.
The 1999 Final Fantasy - Fantasy VIII is now available on Steam.
The 1999 Final Fantasy - Fantasy VIII is available now on Steam.
A team made up mostly of Police officers, and Military officers is conducting a few operations.
A special operations team made up of Police and Military Police officers is also conducting few operations.
A team made up of Indian National Police officers and Military Police officers is conducting few operations.
A team made up of the National Armed Police and Military officers is also conducting few operations.
A team made - up of local State Police and Military officers is conducting a few operations.
GrubHub, Inc. today announced the final pricing details of all its Initial Public Offering.
GrubHub Inc. today has announced the initial, public pricing of its Initial Public Offering.
GrubHub, Inc. today announced the final pricing of all its Initial Initial Public Offering.
GrubHub, Inc. today announced the initial pricing of its first Initial Initial Public Offering.
GrubHub, Inc. has today announced the full pricing details of its Initial Public Offering.
The Royal Singapore Police Special Reserve Police Force is planning to revamp its service schemes.
The Singapore Police Task Force is planning to revamp its existing police and service schemes.
The new Singapore National Police Task Force is planning to revamp all its service schemes.
The Singaporean National Police Task Force is planning to revamp its police service schemes.
The Singapore National Armed Police Force Department is planning to revamp its police service schemes.
Bayne has said that he has multiple sclerosis.
Bayne has said he has had multiple sclerosis.
Bayne said that he has had multiple sclerosis.
Bayne said that he currently has multiple sclerosis.
Bayne has said that he has multiple sclerosis.
G4S would sell businesses and issue new shares, to help it to strengthen its balance sheet.
G4S would also sell businesses and issue new company shares to strengthen up its financial balance sheet.
G4S would sell businesses, and issue some 500 new company shares to strengthen its balance sheet.
G4S would sell its businesses and issue new company shares, to strengthen its financial balance sheet.
G4S would sell its remaining businesses and issue some new shares to strengthen up its balance sheet.
Tesco Ireland will create well over 200 jobs by opening new stores, opening restaurants and opening mobile phone shops.
Tesco Ireland will create over 200 jobs, by also opening new convenience stores, restaurants and mobile phone shops.
Tesco Ireland will also create over 200 jobs, mainly by opening several new stores and new mobile phone shops.
Tesco stores in Ireland will create over $ 200 jobs by rapidly opening new retail stores and mobile phone shops.
Tesco Ireland will create well over 200 new jobs by opening new convenience stores, and mobile - phone shops.
Billy Joel Magnussen is in on the talks to replace actor Jake Gyllenhaal in the Broadway musical Into the Woods.
Billy Magnussen is in talks once again to replace Jake Gyllenhaal in directing the upcoming Broadway musical Into the Woods.
Billy Magnussen is in on all the talks to replace Jake Gyllenhaal in directing of the musical Into the Woods.
Billy Magnussen is in on the final talks to officially replace Jake Gyllenhaal in the musical Into All the Woods.
Billy Magnussen, is currently in talks again to replace Jake Gyllenhaal in directing the musical, Into the Woods.
Jean Pierre Todt has been re - elected as the president of French national motorsport's governing body.
Jean Todt has been re - elected as to the president general of motorsport's world governing body.
Jean Todt has also been re - elected twice as the president of motorsport's national governing body.
Jean Pierre Todtke has been re - elected as president, of motorsport's world governing body.
Jean Pierre Todt has been twice re - elected twice as president of motorsport's world governing body.
Typhoon Soulik has been downgraded to back down to a storm.
Typhoon Souliku, has since been downgraded to a storm.
Typhoon Soulik has since been further downgraded to be a storm.
Typhoon Soulik has been further downgraded back to being a storm.
Typhoon Soulik has since been downgraded back to being a storm.
GOP candidate, Tim Donnelly also, kicked off a, second bus tour, saying he hoped.
GOP candidate, Timmy Donnelly, kicked off on a, bus tour, saying he hoped.
GOP candidate Timmy Donnelly kicked off on, a, bus tour, " saying he hoped.
GOP candidate Timmy Donnelly kicked " off a, bus tour, " without saying he hoped.
GOP presidential candidate, Tim Donnelly kicked him off a, busking tour, saying he hoped.
The Stradivarius violin, which has not been recovered.
The Stradivarius violin, which has not been recovered.
The original Stradivarius, violin, has been recovered.
The original Stradivarius II violin, has been recovered.
The Stradivarius violin, which also has been recovered.
Lamar Odom is expected to eventually re - sign with the then newly expansion Los Angeles Clippers.
Lamar Odoms is expected to re - sign with, both the expansion Los Angeles Clippers.
Lamar Odom is expected to re - sign with, both the newly expansion Los Angeles Clippers.
Lamar Odom is also expected to re re - sign on with the expansion Los Angeles Clippers.
Lamarr Odom is expected to eventually re - sign on with both the Los Angeles Clippers.
A new kind - up of dental profession is also slowly taking root.
A whole new kind of dental professions is just slowly taking root.
A new kind of the dental profession is slowly and also taking root.
A whole, new kind of dental care profession is slowly taking root.
A new kind of dental professions is now also slowly taking root.
The US SECP is currently reviewing, and amending a number of regulations.
The SECPG is reviewing and amending a large number of of regulations.
The SECP is currently reviewing, and possibly amending a number of regulations.
The SECP is currently reviewing and considering amending a large number of regulations.
The SECP is reviewing and amending a large number of types of regulations.
The ANSES'agency itself has received 106, 000 student applications to'enter Progresar'program.
The ANSES agency has received over 106, 000 000 student applications to'enter Progresar'program.
The ANSES agency itself has received over 106, 000 student applications to enter Progresarnas'program.
The highest national level ANSES agency has received 106, 000 applications to enter'Progresar'program.
The US ANSES agency has received over 106, 000 applications online to'enter Progresar'program.
England Health has issued public health warnings as a build - up cause of smog.
England has issued health warnings, as a build - - up cause of smog.
England has been also issued health warnings as a possible build - up of smog.
England has issued public health warnings such as a build - - up of smog.
England has issued public health warnings, such as a build - up of smog.
Department stores also enjoyed such a dramatic revenue boost as takings rose.
Department stores enjoyed not even a more dramatic boost as takings rose.
Department stores enjoyed a much more dramatic boost as the takings rose.
Department stores enjoyed such as a dramatic boost as the takings rose.
Department stores also enjoyed a dramatic boost, as the takings rose.
A young black Charleston man who was resentenced to prison.
A young Charleston black man was being resentenced to prison.
A young Charleston man, who was resentenced to prison.
A young Charleston black man who was resentenced to prison.
A Charleston black - man who was resentenced to prison.
Prenatal DNA tests accurately detecting for certain fetal disorders.
Prenatal and maternal DNA tests accurately detecting fetal disorders.
Prenatal and DNA tests can accurately help detect fetal disorders.
Prenatal DNA tests accurately for accurately detecting fetal disorders.
Prenatal DNA - sequence tests accurately can detect fetal disorders.
Dolly Bindra was filed for divorce having allegedly threatened her at a gun point in Oshiwara, Mumbai.
Dolly Singh Bindra filed for having threatened against her at gun point in at the Oshiwara, Mumbai.
Dolly Bindra has filed for having threatened with her at gun point, while in Oshiwara, Mumbai.
Dolly Bindra has filed for divorce having threatened her at gun point, while in Oshiwara, Mumbai.
Dolly Singh and Ravi Bindra filed suit for having threatened her at gun point in Oshiwara, Mumbai.
Cam Newton has been repeatedly fined $ 10, 000 by the entire NFL for wearing unauthorized helmet clips and visor clips.
Cam Newton III has also been fined $ US 10, 000 by the NFL for wearing two unauthorized helmet visor clips.
Cam Newton has been fined $ 10, 000 USD annually by the US and NFLPA for wearing unauthorized visor clips.
Cammie Lee Newton has also been fined US $ 10, 000 by the NFLPA for wearing unauthorized visor clips.
Cammie Newton has also been repeatedly fined $. 10, 000 annually by the NFL for wearing unauthorized visor clips.
A mom was fired from at Whole - Foods Foods after she called in to work to help stay at home with her young special - needs needs son.
A mom was also later fired at Whole Foods after she called in sick to work and to temporarily stay overnight at her home with her special needs son.
A mom was fired at Whole Foods after she called in sick to quit her work and to stay home at her home with her special - needs son.
A single mom was fired from at the Whole Foods Foods after she called in to work to help stay at home with her young, special needs son.
A single mom was fired at the Save Me the Whole Foods after she called in to work to stay at " her home with her special needs son.
Gabriel García Márquez - García died at about the age of 87.
Gabriel García García de Márquez died at the age of of 87.
Gabriel García de la Márquez died at about the age of 87.
Gabriel García Márquez died suddenly at about the age of of 87.
Gabriel García García Márquez García died at the approximate age of 87.
Doctors also allegedly attacked a legislator.
Doctors attacked him by a legislator.
Doctors are attacked by a legislator.
Doctors also allegedly attacked a legislator.
Doctors attacked him by a legislator.
Renaud - Lavillenie will also launch his 2014 IAAF Diamond Continental League League campaign in Shanghai.
Renaud - Olivier Lavillenie will launch for his 2014 IAAF Diamond League League campaign in Shanghai.
Renaud Lavillenieux will launch his upcoming 2014 IAAF and IAAF Diamond League campaign in Shanghai.
Renaud Lavillenie will launch his own upcoming Spring 2014 IAAF Athletics Diamond League campaign in Shanghai.
Renaud Lavillenie will also launch his 2014 IAAF Diamond League campaign, held annually in Shanghai.
Aston - Martin will unveil two brand new, special editions.
Aston Martin will unveil two brand - new, special editions.
Aston Martin will unveil two brand new, exclusive special editions.
Aston - Martin will unveil the two new, special editions.
Aston Martin will also be unveil two new, special editions.
No. - # 1 : Michigan State pull to beat Portland 82 67.
No. 1 Michigan - State pull away to beat Portland 82 82 67.
No. 1 Michigan Golden State State would pull to beat Portland 82 67.
No. 1 seed Michigan State University would pull to beat Portland 82 67.
No. - 1 Michigan State pull to and beat Portland, 82 67.
Other, the new iPhone 5S is expected not to feature a convex home button integrated in with fingerprint - sensor technology.
Other, like, the new iPhone - 5S is expected to feature a convex home button with advanced fingerprint sensor technology.
Other, like the iPhone 5S is expected to feature a convex home - phone button with an advanced fingerprint sensor technology.
Other, like the iPhone 5S is expected to feature a convex home button with advanced digital fingerprint micro - sensor technology.
Other, the iPhone X - 5S version is expected not only to feature a convex home button with fingerprint sensor technology.
A Linfield College student student body has been missing for almost another nearly two weeks.
A Linfield College nursing graduate student has been reported missing, for almost two weeks.
A female Linfield Community College student body has been missing for for almost two weeks.
A Linfield Community College student has been missing for well over almost another two weeks.
A Linfield Hills Area Community College student has been missing for almost another two weeks.
A Georgetown University medical school student who apparently has died while on a spring break trip.
A Georgetown - University Hospital medical student has died while on a school spring break trip.
A Georgetown Inter - University student who has recently died while on a spring break trip.
A Georgetown University medical student who has died while on a spring break - break trip.
A former Georgetown University medical student has died while on board a spring - break trip.
Sports enthusiasts proposed a training pool facility and program area for Ifugao athletes.
Sportswear enthusiasts have proposed a new training pool program for Ifugao athletes.
Sports enthusiasts proposed a brand - new training pool program for Ifugao athletes.
Sports enthusiasts proposed on creating a training pool program specifically for Ifugao athletes.
Sports enthusiasts have proposed creating a new training pool program for Ifugao athletes.
Mobile phone and Internet service subscribers especially in Upper Egypt increased.
Mobile - phone and Internet subscribers especially in southern Egypt increased.
Mobile phone numbers and Internet subscribers, especially in Egypt increased.
Mobile phone numbers and Internet subscribers especially in Upper Egypt increased.
Mobile - phone numbers and Internet service subscribers in Egypt increased.
Class - 8 orders also surged in October.
Class 8A orders surged forward in October.
Class 8A orders also surged in October.
Class 8 orders were surged forward in October.
Class 8B orders also surged in October.
Pakistani government officials issued two fresh flood warnings.
Pakistani officials also issued fresh water flood warnings.
Pakistani government officials issued fresh water flood warnings.
Pakistani government officials issued two fresh flood warnings.
Pakistani officials issued two fresh water flood warnings.
A DRIVER employee was seriously - injured, following a car crash.
A DRIVER was seriously - injured following a fatal police car crash.
A DRIVER employee, was seriously - injured following a car crash.
A. A DRIVER was seriously injured following such a car crash.
A DRIVER was seriously injured following the one such a car crash.
A woman was fatally pistol - shot while not returning from an anti - violence activist group's fundraiser.
A woman was also fatally shot, apparently while returning from attending an anti - violence group's fundraiser.
A woman was fatally shot, while not returning from attending an anti - violence activist group's fundraiser.
A woman who was fatally - shot while not returning from an activist anti - violence group's fundraiser.
A young woman was later fatally shot, while returning from an anti - domestic violence group's fundraiser.
Children who previously are given Calpol are also also more likely not to develop asthma.
Children who who previously died or are given Calpol are more likely to develop asthma.
Children who who are not given Calpolol B are more likely to develop asthma.
Children who previously are given the drug Calpol are more than likely to develop asthma.
Children, who previously are given Calpolol are also more likely to develop asthma.
STMicroelectronics Group has also hosted IEEE workshop on advanced analog design.
STMicroelectronics has also hosted IEEE workshop on an advanced analog design.
STMicroelectronics hosted IEEE 2012 workshop on advanced digital digital analog design.
STMicroelectronics has hosted an IEEE research workshop on advanced analog design.
STMicroelectronics hosted an annual IEEE workshop on the advanced analog design.
A Night With Janis Scott Joplin is offering her a free snow - day discount.
A Night With Janis Joplin is now also offering a free, snow day discount.
A Night With Janis at Joplin is now offering customers a full snow day discount.
A Night With Mary Janis The Joplin Center is offering a free snow day discount.
A free Winter Night Concert With Janis Joplin is offering a free snow day discount.
Iain John Wardlaw who has left Yorkshire.
Iain and John Wardlaw has left Yorkshire.
Iain John Wardlaw has since left Yorkshire.
Iain and John Wardlaw has left Yorkshire.
Iain John Wardlaw has since left Yorkshire.
A Senegalese rebel, leader, has also declared a ceasefire.
A Senegalese, rebel leader, has also declared a ceasefire.
A Senegalese rebel leader, he has declared for a ceasefire.
A small Senegalese rebel group whose leader has declared a ceasefire.
A Senegalese armed and rebel leader has also declared a ceasefire.
My deadline for today is always 1 : 30 am.
My work deadline is almost always 1 : 30 am.
My deadline is now almost always 1 : 30 am.
My deadline is almost always at 1 : 30 am.
My deadline today is almost always 1 : 30 am.
General General Dynamics has secured a US $ $ 17. 65 billion contract.
General General Dynamics has secured a $ 17. 655 - billion contract.
General Dynamics has recently also secured a $ 17. 65 - billion contract.
General Dynamics Corporation has also secured a $ 17. 5 65 billion contract.
General General Dynamics Corporation has secured a $ $ 17. 65 billion contract.
Prithviraj Chavan has completed his three consecutive years in office.
Prithviraj Chavandar has completed three years tenure in office.
Prithviraj Kumar Chavan completed three consecutive consecutive years in office.
Prithviraj Kumar Chavan has completed three consecutive years in office.
Prithviraj Kumar Chavan has completed his three years in office.
CAMERON Diaz is gratefully to all threesome of her ex - boyfriends.
CAMERON - Diaz Diaz is very grateful to all of her ex - boyfriends.
CAMERON Diaz is grateful to all three of them all her ex - boyfriends.
CAMERON - Diaz is grateful to see all of all her ex - boyfriends.
CAMERON - Diaz is grateful to all threesome of her ex - boyfriends.
A Winfield maniac was arrested once again on drug charges.
A Winfield Kansas City maniac was arrested on drug charges.
A Winfield City man was arrested twice, on drug charges.
A young Winfield man was arrested twice, on drug charges.
A Winfield man was also later also arrested on drug charges.
Tanzania intends to close upside - down fishing activities located in three lakes.
Tanzania intends to close down fishing activities in the remaining remaining three lakes.
Tanzania intends instead to permanently close down all fishing activities in three lakes.
Tanzania intends to permanently permanently close down fishing activities in the three lakes.
Tanzania intends to also permanently close down fishing activities located in three lakes.
Belgrano defeated Racing Club de Atlético 3 0.
Belgrano FC defeated Real Racing Club 3 0.
Belgrano defeated the Racing Social Club 3 0.
Belgrano defeated Racing Social Sport Club 3 0.
Belgrano FC defeated Real Racing Club 3 0.
Campaigning had also came to an abrupt end in seven other Lok Sabha constituencies in Bihar.
Campaigning had also came to an end, in seven Lok Sabha constituencies all in Bihar.
Campaigning came to an end simultaneously in all the seven Lok Lok Sabha constituencies in Bihar.
Campaigning eventually came abruptly came to an end in seven Lok Sabha parliamentary constituencies in Bihar.
Campaigning came to an end simultaneously in all seven Lok Lok Sabha constituencies, in Bihar.
Mothercare CEO, Dr Simon Calver has since resigned after less than than two years.
Mothercare Group'CEO, Simon Calver has resigned, after less than two years.
Mothercare Healthcare Group CEO Simona Calver has since resigned after less than two years.
Mothercare CEO Simon Calver has since resigned after less than than a full two years.
Mothercare CEO, Simon Calverley, has resigned after serving less than two years.
An Egyptian court acquitted the six Egyptian police, as well his successor Mohamed Morsi went straight back home on trial.
An Egyptian court acquitted all six Egyptian secret police, just as his successor Mohamed Morsi went right back on trial.
An Egyptian court eventually acquitted the six police, and as his legal successor Mohamed Morsi went back home on trial.
An Egyptian military appeals court acquitted six police, and as his successor, Mohamed Ali Morsi went back on trial.
An Egyptian court had acquitted six police, but as his successor Mohamed Morsi went the right way back on trial.
Santa Claus paid and a visit marked, and now, he has had time enough to check out his list and check it twice.
Santa - Claus paid and a new visit is being marked now he has time to check his list again and check on it twice.
Santa Claus paid for and had a visit, marked now he has time to check - out his shopping list and check it twice.
Santa Claus has paid for and a visit marked now he has the time enough to check his list and check on to it twice.
Santa Claus paid and a visit is marked now that he has time to check his list once and to check up on it twice.
The Tampa Bay Yankees will not retaliate against the Red Sox.
The Yankees will not retaliate directly against the Boston Red Sox.
The Yankees then, will not retaliate against the Red Sox.
The Yankees will still likely not retaliate against the Red Sox.
The Yankees will still likely not retaliate against the Red Sox.
Cancer risk survivor charity is raising money by making handbags using a canned ring pulls.
Cancer survivor is raising money by making small plastic handbags and using canned ring pulls.
Cancer survivor charity is raising money, by making handbags, and using can ring pulls.
Cancer risk survivor charity is raising money by making handbags using a canned ring pulls.
Cancer cancer survivor The charity is raising more money by making handbags using can ring pulls.
Manchester United City are eyeing a shock move for Liverpool'defender, midfielder Martin Skrtel.
Manchester City fans are also eyeing a shock move for Liverpool defender, midfielder Martin Skrtel.
Manchester City are eyeing a shock free transfer move, for Liverpool signing defender Martin Skrtel.
Manchester City are eyeing up for a shock loan move for Liverpool for defender Martin Skrtel.
Manchester City fans today are eyeing a shock move for Liverpool'defender, Martin Skrtel.
An Australian university student has raped by her in Sri Lanka.
An Australian university - student he has raped in Sri Lanka.
An Australian student whom he believes has raped in Sri Lanka.
An unnamed Australian university student has been raped in Sri Lanka.
An unemployed Australian student he has raped while in Sri Lanka.
The European Central Investment Bank published in an opinion on possible economic measures to strengthen bank stability.
The European Union Central Bank Investment Bank published in an opinion on measures to strengthen bank stability.
The Central European Central Bank published in an expert opinion, on measures to strengthen bank stability.
The European Central Bank published an opinion on all the possible measures to further strengthen bank stability.
The former Central European Central Investment Bank published in an opinion on measures to strengthen bank stability.
Efforts to curb malaria have saved the almost entire lives of over 3. 3 - million people.
Efforts to curb malaria have saved almost the lives, out of of 3. 3 million people.
Efforts underway worldwide to help curb malaria have saved nearly the lives of 3. 3 million people.
Efforts to curb malaria have saved the lives of over 3. 3 - 4 - million people.
Efforts worldwide efforts to curb global malaria epidemic have saved the lives of 3. 3 million people.
A very small toy gun found by children in bushes in Walsall, has recently been sent to a laboratory.
A gun accidentally accidentally found by children in bushes back home in Walsall has since been sent to a laboratory.
A gun, found hidden by children in bushes in Walsall, has been apparently secretly sent to a laboratory.
A gunpowder found by the two children in bushes in Walsall, England has been sent to a laboratory.
A toy gun found by two young children hiding in bushes in Walsall has been sent back to a laboratory.
Nepal made it qualified automatically, for its maiden ever ICC event.
Nepal made it and qualified it automatically for its maiden ICC event.
Nepal made it automatically qualified automatically for playing its maiden ICC event.
Nepal made sure it qualified for its maiden ever major ICC event.
Nepal also made it automatically qualified Bangladesh for its maiden ICC event.
Nimble Storage will be released not going public.
Nimble Storage and Services will be going public.
Nimbled Storage Services will be going public.
Nimbled Storage will not be going public.
Nimble Storage will be not yet going public.
Kate Upton really had got a DJ lesson right from Tiesto.
Kate Upton has also recently got a DJ lesson from Tiesto.
Kate Upton had got her into a DJ lesson from Tiesto.
Kate Upton got a pretty good DJ lesson coming from Tiesto.
Kate Upton, has also got a DJ lesson from Tiesto.
A child believed to only be about 2½ years was found dead wandering in the streets outside of Lynwood.
A child believed to be about age 2½ years old was also later found wandering the streets of Lynwood.
A child believed only to be aged about 2 years was found presumed dead wandering the streets outside of Lynwood.
A child believed to only be someone about 2 years old was also found wandering the busy streets of Lynwood.
A child, believed to be about 2 years was also found wandering through all the dark streets of Lynwood.
A town landmark caught on the fire while in Clinton.
A town landmark caught fire once, while in Clinton.
A nearby nearby historic town landmark caught fire in Clinton.
A town landmark caught itself on fire while in Clinton.
A town and landmark caught on fire while in Clinton.
GSMA has recently also elected Telenor Group CEO Jon - Fredrik Baksaas, as chairman.
GSMA has also been elected Telenor Group CEO and Jon Fredrik Baksaas, as chairman.
GSMA Group also has elected Telenor Group CEO, Jon Fredrik Baksaas, as chairman.
GSMA also has elected Telenor Group Group Group CEO Jon Fredriks Baksaas as chairman.
GSMA has been elected Telenor Group CEO and Jon - Fredrik Baksaas serves as chairman.
Attempts to illegally smuggle US $ 1. 3 - million worth of heroin and 369 pounds worth worth of marijuana were thwarted.
Attempts " " to " smuggle $ 1. 3 million worth " of heroin and " 369 pounds of marijuana were thwarted.
Attempts to smuggle over $ 1. 3 million worth of illegal heroin, and 369 million pounds of medical marijuana were thwarted.
Attempts to illegally smuggle $ 1. 5 3 million worth of illegal heroin, and 369 million pounds of marijuana were thwarted.
Attempts made to smuggle $ 1. 3 million US dollars worth of heroin, and purchase 369 pounds of marijuana were thwarted.
Each citizen of you must feel to be part one of the society.
Each citizen must feel privileged to be a part of all the society.
Each citizen must also feel to truly, be part of the society.
Each citizen must also always feel to be part one of the society.
Each citizen must feel to be part of one another of the society.
You're the very only reason why we're here.
You're not the only reason we all're here.
You're not the reason for why we're here.
You guys're the only real reason we're here.
You're the only real reason why we're here.
Land use survey work for building the Perumbavoor bypass road project has picked up momentum.
Land use survey for constructing the Perumbavoor bypass project, has picked - up momentum.
Land use survey for the Perumbavoor bypass project has picked back back - up momentum.
Land survey for the Perumbavoor bypass project has picked back back back - up momentum.
Land survey for the Perumbavoor bypass toll road project has also recently picked up momentum.
Wisconsin is also making some significant changes to the walleye limits in more of than 170 lakes.
Wisconsin is also making some significant changes to the walleye limits in more of than 170 lakes.
Wisconsin is making some changes to its walleye fishing limits in more of than its 170 lakes.
Wisconsin is making quite some changes due to walleye limits in more than half the 170 lakes.
Wisconsin is currently making some major changes to walleye limits, in more than the 170 lakes.
Gold prices were recovered by Rs 40 compared to only Rs 31, Rs 190 per ten gram.
Gold prices recovered by Rs 40, compared again to only Rs 31, 190 per ten gram.
Gold prices recovered by Rs 40 compared to the Rs. 31, $ 190 per ten gram.
Gold prices recovered by from Rs. Rs 40 million to Rs 31, 190 per ten gram.
Gold prices had recovered by 1880, from Rs 40 to Rs 31, 190 per ten gram.
A crowd set up a fire to a major Hindu center in Pakistan.
A crowd set fire to nearby a Hindu center located elsewhere in Pakistan.
A crowd set fire there to build up a Hindu center in Pakistan.
A crowd set fire to a large Hindu center office building in Pakistan.
A crowd set fire to nearby a major major Hindu center in Pakistan.
Patrice Bergeron hopes to spend the rest of most of his professional tennis career in Boston.
Patrice de Bergeron hopes to spend the rest of all his professional career back in Boston.
Patrice Bergeron hopes not to actually spend the rest of most of his career in Boston.
Patrice Bergeron has also hopes to spend the rest of of his career living in Boston.
Patrice Bergeron hopes to eventually, spend the entire rest of his career living in Boston.
Lady - Gaga Gaga has defended Miley Cyrus.
Lady Gaga, also has defended Miley Cyrus.
Lady - Gaga also has defended Miley Cyrus.
Lady - Gaga Gaga has defended Miley Cyrus.
Lady - Gaga has defended against Miley Cyrus.
Hezbollah has intensified all its security measures in the nearby Al Dahieh district.
Hezbollah also has also intensified its security measures in the Al Dahieh district.
Hezbollah also has intensified its security measures in the Al - Dahieh district.
Hezbollah has intensified its security security measures in the Al - Dahieh district.
Hezbollah fighters also has intensified its security security measures in the Dahieh district.
The film, The Surface, starring actor Sean Astin, also is filming locations in Milwaukee.
The upcoming 2017 film The Surface, starring Sean Astin, is filming almost entirely in Milwaukee.
The film, The Killing Surface, starring Sean Paul Astin, is filming entirely in Milwaukee.
The 2017 film The Last Surface, starring actor Sean Astin, also is filming in Milwaukee.
The film The Killing Surface, starring actor, Sean Astin, also is filming in Milwaukee.
The US national economy has added 203, 000 jobs.
The growing US economy added over 203, 000 jobs.
The US - domestic economy added 203, 000 jobs.
The US domestic economy added over 203, 000 jobs.
The US - domestic economy added 203, 000 jobs.
A traffic accident occurring suddenly at 5 : 30 in El Jacó left four young people dead, and one person seriously injured.
A major road traffic accident occurring at 5 : 30 in El Jacó left four people dead and one person was seriously injured.
A traffic accident occurred at 5 : 00 30 in El Jacó, left four people dead and one other person seriously injured.
A traffic accident, at 5 : 00 30 in Jacó, left four young people dead and one elderly person seriously injured.
A traffic accident occurring suddenly at 5 : : 30 in El Jacó left four people dead and one person was seriously injured.
An unidentified Indonesian helicopter also reportedly crashed, killing 13 people.
An Indonesian military helicopter crashed, reportedly killing all 13 people.
An unidentified Indonesian helicopter crashed, reportedly killing all 13 people.
An Indonesian Indonesian helicopter also crashed, killing all 13 people.
An Indonesian helicopter crashed, after reportedly killing over 13 people.
Two people aboard it were found dead after boarding a plane went in over Lake Michigan.
Two people were later found found dead shortly after a plane went in over Lake Michigan.
Two other people were later found dead after a private plane went down in Lake Michigan.
Two dozen other people aboard were found dead after a passenger plane went in Lake Michigan.
Two dozen other people were found dead after a plane went upside down in Lake Michigan.
The Grants - Pass Tribune sports editor also has died.
The Grants - Grant Pass Tribune sports editor has died.
The Grants Pass sports - news - editor has died.
The Grants of the Pass sports editor, has died.
The former Grants Pass Star Tribune sports editor has died.
Parenthood season - 5, episode #. 13 : Jump Ball, Camille returns.
Parenthood, season 5, episode 13 of : Jump Ball, where Camille returns.
Parenthood season 5, in episode # 13 : Jump Ball, where Camille returns.
Parenthood season - 5, from episode 13 Note : Jump Ball, Camille returns.
Parenthood season 5, in episode 13 : In Jumping Ball, Camille returns.
EGYPT'S Muslim - Brotherhood suffered a blowout from all of the security crackdown.
EGYPT'S rival Muslim Brotherhood also also suffered a blow from implementing the security crackdown.
EGYPT'S Muslim - Brotherhood suffered a blowout from the ensuing internal security crackdown.
EGYPT'S Muslim - Brotherhood also has also suffered a blow from the security crackdown.
EGYPT'S Muslim Brotherhood suffered a second major blowback from the ensuing security crackdown.
A train heading for North Kerala had ended up in the North Karnataka.
A train heading for the North Kerala ended up in the North Karnataka.
A train heading for North Kerala had ended up in the North Karnataka.
A train heading for Kerala ended - up stopping in the North Karnataka.
A train heading due north for Kerala ended - up in North Karnataka.
Devon and Cornwall Police will share some services, including staff and equipment, with Dorset.
Devon and North Cornwall Police will share in some common police services, staff with Dorset.
Devon and Cornwall Police will share, with some local services, some staff with Dorset.
Devon and East Cornwall Police Service will share, some services, staff, with Dorset.
Devon and Cornwall Police will share in some common police and services, staff with Dorset.
Distrustment because of government corruption is growing in Armenia.
Distrustment of government is also rapidly growing in Armenia.
Distrustment of government officials is also growing in Armenia.
Distrust of Armenian government officials also is growing in Armenia.
Distrust of government officials is growing very rapidly in Armenia.
A Lake Charles maniac is also falsely accused of rape.
A young Lake Charles County man is also accused of rape.
A Lake - Lake Charles man who is accused of rape.
A Lake Charles County man is also also accused of rape.
A Lake Charles black man who is accused twice of rape.
CAGL has sought reversal of the over Rs 100 - 200 crore inadmissible expenditure.
CAG has also sought reversals of the over Rs 100 - crore inadmissible expenditure.
CAG has sought reversal of all the over Rs. - 100 crore inadmissible expenditure.
CAG has sought reversal of over Rs. - Rs 100 crore for inadmissible expenditure.
CAG has also sought reversals of over Rs Rs 100 crore for inadmissible expenditure.
Arsenal appoint Andries van Jonkert as the brand - new head of their academy.
Arsenal will appoint Andries Jonker as the brand new head coach of all their academy.
Arsenal appoint Andriess van Jonker as their the new head coach of their academy.
Arsenal appoint Andriess van Jonker as the new head coach of the their academy.
Arsenal appoints Dutch coach Andries van Jonker as the new head of their academy.
An armed robber had held them locked up a Fishtown restaurant.
An armed robber held - back up a small Fishtown restaurant.
An unidentified armed bank robber held - up a Fishtown restaurant.
An armed robber had just held up at a Fishtown restaurant.
An armed armed bank robber held up a nearby Fishtown restaurant.
Fresh Market was downgraded again by the Deutsches Bank to a no hold rating.
Fresh Meat Marketplace was downgraded by Deutsche Bank due to a price hold rating.
Fresh Meat Market was later downgraded by Deutsches Bank to a short hold rating.
Fresh Market was later downgraded again by the Deutsches Bank to a hold rating.
Fresh Meat Market was downgraded again by Deutsches Deutsche Bank to a hold rating.
Shola Ameobika has hinted that he, too might be forced to leave Newcastle United.
Shola Ameobi has hinted he himself might also be forced to voluntarily leave for Newcastle United.
Shola Ameobi has hinted he he himself, too might be forced to leave Newcastle United.
Shola Ameobi has hinted that that means he might be eventually forced to leave Newcastle United.
Shola - Ameobi has hinted that he might be forced to permanently and leave Newcastle United.
Boise Golden State unveiled also, a new design for the Warriors football team's truck.
Boise Golden State unveiled a new design concept for the football championship winning team's truck.
Boise Golden State unveiled a brand new design concept for the football championship team's truck.
Boise Golden State unveiled a new team logo design for using the football team's truck.
Boise Golden State also unveiled a new design concept concept for the football team's truck.
Rupee, would have forced JPMorgan to downgrade its Indian currency markets to neutral.
Rupee, have forced JPMorgan Chase to further downgrade Indian currency markets to neutral.
Rupee, would have forced the JPMorgan to downgrade its Indian markets to neutral.
Rupee, have forced JPMorgan Chase Chase to downgrade Indian currency markets to neutral.
Rupee, have forced JPMorgan Chase India to downgrade Indian markets back to neutral.
The Ugandan shilling held it steady, supported only by the local government central bank mopping up liquidity.
The Ugandan shilling held steady, supported now but only by the centralised bank mopping up liquidity.
The first Ugandan silver shilling held steady, supported financially by the Uganda central bank mopping up liquidity.
The Ugandan shilling had held on onto it steady, supported by the central bank mopping up liquidity.
The Ugandan shilling was held steady, supported not only by the central bank, mopping up liquidity.
Reg Mombassa, has also created The Great Australian Jesus.
Reg Mombassa has recently also created The Great Australian Jesus.
Reginee Mombassa has created : The Australian Jesus.
Reg Mombassa has created : : The Great Australian Jesus.
Reg Mombassa has created Jesus Christ : The Australian Jesus.
NASA has suspended operations with Russia, due to political tensions rapidly rising over Ukraine.
NASA Canada also has suspended operations with Russia due to political political tensions over Ukraine.
NASA also has temporarily temporarily suspended operations with Russia due to political tensions over Ukraine.
NASA Ukraine also has suspended operations with Russia due to tensions rising all over Ukraine.
NASA has suspended operations with Russia, due mainly to tensions rising all over Ukraine.
Frank and Miss Smith reflects on their attending the March.
Franklock - Smith reflects on his attending the March.
Frank Smith also briefly briefly reflects on attending the March.
Frank Smith also reflects on all his attending the March.
Frank and Smith also reflects on their attending the March.
618 Lower New Schools, and 258 Upper Primary New New Schools have been upgraded.
618 New Primary Schools, 200 and 2580 Upper Primary Schools have been upgraded.
618 New Schools and 258 Upper and Primary State Primary Schools, have been upgraded.
618 New Primary Schools and 258 New Upper Primary Primary Primary Schools have been upgraded.
61822 New Schools and 258 Upper Primary Schools have also also been upgraded.
An Indigenous Australian teenager has been stabbed during during a violent gun fight at a school.
An Australian teenager who has allegedly been stabbed during training during a fight at a school.
An Indigenous Australian teenager has been stabbed during a fight being being held at a school.
An Indigenous - born Australian teenager has been stabbed during a fight at such a school.
An Australian teenager who, has been stabbed, during a street fight at a school.
Chinese troops also apprehended five Indians living in area south of Ladakh.
Chinese troops apprehended five hundred armed Indians in the area of Ladakh.
Chinese troops had already also apprehended five Indians in area of Ladakh.
Chinese troops apprehended about five hundred Indians in the area of Ladakh.
Chinese troops also successfully apprehended the five Indians in area of Ladakh.
They will therefore take no further action against Portsmouth councillor, Mike Hancock.
They will take no further action whatsoever against Portsmouth councillor, Mike Hancock.
They will take no further action against former Portsmouth councillor, Mike Hancock.
They also will take no legal action whatsoever against Portsmouth councillor Mike Hancock.
They will therefore take no action whatsoever whatsoever against Portsmouth councillor Mike Hancock.
Paydays are loans that pay back monthly.
Paydays and loans pay it back monthly.
Paydays loans that are pay back monthly.
Paydays, and loans pay back monthly.
Paydays loans and pay them back monthly.
Japan economy grows in 2013, but for now it concerns loom.
Japan economy grows in late January 2013, but economic concerns loom.
Japan economy grows in 2013, but it is also concerns loom.
Japan economy significantly grows in 2013,,, but concerns loom.
Japan economy grows rapidly in January 2013, but economic concerns loom.
Narendranath Modi, has praised its founder, Pawan Kalyan.
Narendranath Modi has praised founder, Dr. Pawan Kalyan.
Narendra Prasad of Modi has also praised founder, Pawan Kalyan.
Narendra Modi, has also also praised founder, Pawan Kalyan.
Narendra Modi, who has praised founder, Shri Pawan Kalyan.
The volleyball high school team dropped in a decision to Marquette.
The volleyball high school team later dropped a decision to Marquette.
The girls volleyball national team dropped in a decision to Marquette.
The girls'volleyball national team dropped a decision to Marquette.
The volleyball team later dropped a decision on going to Marquette.
What has happened killed 20 more Bald Eagles members over the weeks is in Utah.
What has killed 20 more are Bald Eagles over all of the weeks in Utah.
What has killed over 20 Bald Eagle Eagles over the past weeks is in Utah.
What happened next, has killed 20 more Bald Eagles over the weeks in Utah.
What he has killed 20 Bald Eagles has occurred repeatedly over the weeks in Utah.
THE Offices of Fair Trading will refer the various workplace and pension schemes to a single, independent board.
THES The Office of Government Fair Trading will refer the UK workplace and pension schemes to a independent board.
THE UK Government Office of Fair Trading will refer the workplace and pension schemes to to a single independent board.
THE Offices of Fair Trading will refer to the workplace pension schemes as referred to to a independent board.
THE Office of Fair Trading will refer all the workplace and pensions schemes to a single single independent board.
A strike by both the San Francisco and Bay area rail workers entered a second day.
A strike led by San Francisco Bay area rail workers was also entered a second day.
A strike led by San Francisco area railcar workers entered town on a second day.
A strike by the San Francisco area railcar workers entered on a record second day.
A strike by all the San Francisco area railcar workers entered a record second day.
Hong Kong stock shares were ended flat.
Hong Kong stock market shares ended flat.
Hong Kong stock market shares ended flat.
Hong Kong shares prices were ended flat.
Hong Kong - Kong shares ended flat.
A young man has entered a plea in court on a potentially fatal hit and run case.
A young man has recently entered a plea in a fatal hit - and - run case.
A man has entered into a guilty plea, in a fatally hit and run case.
A young man has entered a guilty plea in a fatalist and hit and run case.
A man who died has now entered a plea bargain in a fatal hit and run case.
Verizon Wireless enhanced Long Term Evolutionary Wireless coverage areas within Somerset, Massachusetts.
Verizon Wireless enhanced Long - Term Wireless Evolution coverage within North Somerset, Massachusetts.
Verizon Wireless enhanced its Long Term Evolutionary Wireless coverage within Somerset, Massachusetts.
Verizon Cable Wireless enhanced Long - Term Wireless Evolution coverage within Somerset, Massachusetts.
Verizon and Cable Wireless enhanced its Long Term Evolution coverage within Somerset, Massachusetts.
The number of passengers using Suvarnabhumi - Anand International Airport did not reach its expected growth target.
The number increase of passengers using the Suvarnabhumi Airport did however not reach its annual growth target.
The total annual number of passengers using Suvarnabhumi Airport did however not reach even its growth target.
The number of passengers daily using Suvarnabhumi Airport, however did not reach its annual growth target.
The total number of passengers using Suvarnabhumi Airport did not reach even slightly above its growth target.
Nigeria will play against Nigeria in in an international friendly.
Nigeria will play Nigeria, in this an international friendly.
Nigeria football national team will play in an international friendly.
Nigeria team members will also play in an international friendly.
Nigeria team will also play in this an international friendly.
The Green New Deal is doomed to ultimately fail unless the Government takes on a more swift and decisive action.
The Green New Deal is doomed to fail unless the Government takes swift and often very - effective decisive action.
The current Green Deal is doomed to fail unless the new British Government takes swift, and often decisive action.
The Green Deal is certainly not not doomed to fail, unless... the Government takes swift and decisive action.
The Green Deal plan is doomed to fail unless, finally the new British Government takes swift and decisive action.
AT LEAST one million Chinese cockroaches have just as barely escaped a farm in China.
ATTO THE LEAST one million cockroaches have escaped from on a farm in China.
AT LEAST one million cockroaches have just barely escaped a major farm fire in China.
AT THE LEAST, over one hundred million cockroaches have escaped a farm in China.
AT THE LEAST, one million giant cockroaches have escaped from a farm in China.
Nine more Americans than Oklahomans have been sickened daily with West Nile virus.
Nine more Oklahomans have been severely - sickened with West - Nile virus.
Nine more Oklahomans have just been sickened up inside with West Nile virus.
Nine more Americans than Oklahomans have been sickened with the West Nile virus.
Nine more Oklahomans would have been sickened up with the West Nile virus.
Boyce George has also slammed Evander Holyfield for making his homophobic comments.
Boyce, George has slammed Evander Holyfield for all his homophobic comments.
Boyce George has slammed Evander Holyfield for making his allegedly homophobic comments.
Boy George has also slammed Evander Holyfield, for his allegedly homophobic comments.
Boy George has also publicly slammed Evander Holyfield, for his homophobic comments.
The Miss Kenya awards have also reached beyond the homestretch.
The Miss Kenya awards will not have reached the homestretch.
The Kenya awards have never really reached beyond the homestretch.
The Kenyatta awards have also reached beyond the homestretch.
The Miss Universe Kenya annual awards have reached the homestretch.
There is absolutely no a link between global climate change and wildfires, UN Climate Chief Environment Secretary, Christiana Figueres told CNN's Christiane Amanpour.
There is absolutely a link between changemaking and global wildfires, " UN Climate Chief, Christiana Figueres, told CNN CNN's Christiane Amanpour.
There is not absolutely a linkage between change and the global wildfires, UN Climate Change Chief Christiana Figueres told CNN's correspondent Christiane Amanpour.
There, and really, is absolutely a link between changemaking and wildfires, UN Climate Chief Christiana Figueres told CNN's correspondent Christiane Amanpour.
There is absolutely a strong linkage between changemaking and wildfires, UN Deputy Climate Coordinator Chief Christiana de Figueres told CNN's Christiane Amanpour.
Tattoo removals center The Glenoaks Laser Center is also offering laser services.
Tattoo removal center Glenoaks Laser Training Center which is offering laser laser services.
Tattoo removal center Glenoaks Laser Center is offering laser and other laser services.
Tattoo removal center Glenoaks'Laser Center is also currently offering laser services.
Tattoo removal center Glenoaks Laser Treatment Center is now also offering laser services.
A young Spartanburg man is also falsely falsely accused of hitting a woman with a ax.
A Spartanburg man is falsely accused of hitting a woman, but with just a ax.
A young Spartanburg man is accused of hitting a beautiful young woman drunk with a ax.
A Spartanburg man is accused of hitting down on a young woman with only a ax.
A Spartanburg maniac is accused of of hitting on to a woman with a ax.
A gunman robbed a New Jersey boy named Mike's store in Berkeley.
A gunman robbed him of a Jersey Mike's " store in Berkeley.
A masked gunman robbed a Jersey boy named Mike's store in Berkeley.
A gunman also robbed of a Jersey Mike's storefront in Berkeley.
A gunman also allegedly robbed a Jersey Mike's storefront in Berkeley.
The Upshur - Washington Jefferson County grand jury returned 28 indictments.
The 2010 Upshur County county grand - jury returned 28 indictments.
The subsequent Upshur County grand jury investigation returned all 28 indictments.
The joint Upshur County grand jury - jury returned 28 indictments.
The Upshur - County grand jury ultimately returned all 28 indictments.
Olbermann also would later be seen hosting a late night show on ESPN2.
Olbermann would also later be hosting a weekly late night show on ESPN2.
Olbermann would also be occasionally seen hosting a late night show on ESPN2.
Olbermann himself would be seen hosting such a late night show on ESPN2.
Olbermann would also be hosting a late - night talk show on ESPN2.
Mosisis in Bawkur are also now accusing the Police of using bias in the latest shooting incident.
Mosis in the Bawku are accusing the Police Departments of bias in handling the very latest shooting incident.
Mosisis based in Bawku are accusing of the National Police of bias in the latest police shooting incident.
Mosis in the local Bawkur community are accusing of the Police of bias in the latest shooting incident.
Mosisis in Bawkun are accusing the Myanmar National Police of showing bias in the latest shooting incident.
Allscripts named a national team designed to deliver innovation and lead global growth.
Allscripts named a team to deliver innovation and lead a sustainable global growth.
Allscripts has been named a team leader to deliver and lead global growth.
Allscripts named a team, designed to deliver and lead sustainable global growth.
Allscripts named for a team to deliver global innovation and lead global growth.
Will Fraser's injury however, is not serious as was first feared.
Willa Fraser's injury however is also not serious as first feared.
Will Fraser's head injury is also not serious as was first feared.
Willa Fraser's injury is also not as serious as first feared.
Will Fraser's head injury is not as serious as was first feared.
Meters of Statue of Liberty, will be made open daily to visitors.
Meters Statue of Liberty, which also, will be open to visitors.
Meters Statue, of Liberty, will be open daily, to visitors.
Meters the new Statue of Liberty, will also be open to visitors.
Meters Statuette of the Liberty, will be open daily to visitors.
UPM invests about EUR billion in Kymi mill.
UPM invests about EUR billion in Kymi mill.
UPM also invests EUR in the Kymi mill.
UPM invests EUR 10 billion in Kymi mill.
UPM invests heavily in EUR in Kymi mill.
The New York Daily Times board meeting this morning makes it a case for granting a clemency of of some kind for Edward Snowden.
The New - York Times board this morning makes it into a case for his clemency, of some kind, for Edward Snowden.
The New York Daily Times board this very very morning makes a strong enough case for clemency of some kind for President Edward Snowden.
The New New - York Times board this very morning makes a case for a clemency case of of some kind for Edward Snowden.
The New New - York Times board meeting this morning, makes a case for clemency, of some kind for President Edward Snowden.
Once Once Upon A Pageant it was postponed.
Once Upon Seeing A Pageant it was postponed.
Once Again, Upon A Pageant was postponed.
Once Upon, A Time Pageant was postponed.
Once Set Upon, A Pageant was postponed.
Clemson has the BEST stadium entrance commonly used in American college football.
Clemson has the largest BEST stadium entrance in all American college football.
Clemson has the BEST stadium entrance in American major league college football.
Clemson has the BEST Stadium and stadium entrance used in college football.
Clemson has the BEST stadium main football field entrance in college football.
Vancouver's Vasek Pospisil also lost in his ATP career debut at the Monte - Carlo Masters.
Vancouver's Vasek Marin - Pospisil also lost in his career debut at the Monte Carlo Masters.
Vancouver's Vasek Pospisil lost his ATP career and event debut at the Monte - Carlo Masters.
Vancouver's Croatian Vasek Pospisil lost his career debuts at both of the Monte Carlo Masters.
Vancouver's Vasek - Pospisil lost in his career singles debut, at the Monte Carlo Masters.
Ten men allegedly involved were later arrested during Sunday's St. Patrick's Day for revelry in South Boston.
Ten men were also arrested, during Sunday's annual St. Patrick's Day revelry in downtown South Boston.
Ten men arrested, were also arrested during Sunday's St. Patrick's Day for revelry in South Boston.
Ten men arrested were also arrested during Sunday's St. Patrick's Day and revelry held in South Boston.
Ten young men were also arrested during Sunday's St. Patrick's Day Memorial Day revelry in South Boston.
For the today's market likely, to trade in the market range between 6, 000 710 6, 730, said.
For today's global stock market likely to trade in in the range between $ 6, 710 6, 730, said.
For today's market is likely to have trade prices in the price range between 6, 710 6, 730, said.
For today's stock market likely to trade in, in the price range between 6, 710 6, 730, said.
For today's market likely to trade, it is in roughly the range between 6, 710 6, 730, said.
Liz Cheney is not going to run for just such a Senate seat.
Liz Cheney never again is going to run for such a Senate seat.
Liz Cheney is going to not run for such a State Senate seat.
Liz Cheney, is going to definitely not run for a Senate seat.
Liz Cheney is going on trial to successfully run for a Senate seat.
An Ohio woman is facing federal felony charges, after allegedly faking cancer.
An Ohioan woman is facing two federal felony charges after faking cancer.
An Ohio woman is facing the two felony assault charges after faking cancer.
An Ohio woman is facing felony drug charges, charged after faking cancer.
An Ohio woman is currently also facing felony drug charges after faking cancer.
Telenor Pakistan Limited has completed of its broadband network upgrade project.
Telenor Pakistan has completed its first broadband network infrastructure upgrade project.
Telenor Pakistan Limited, has recently completed its network upgrade project.
Telenor Pakistan Private Limited has recently completed its network upgrade project.
Telenor Pakistan has recently completed on its network infrastructure upgrade project.
The Union rookie, Pedro Ribeiro has made quite a big impact.
The Soviet Union, rookie Pedro Ribeiro, has a big impact.
The Union with rookie Pedro de Ribeiro has a very big impact.
The Union rookie Pedro Ribeiros also has made a big impact.
The Soviet Union rookie Pedro de Oliveira Ribeiro has a big impact.
Stephen Harper worries about the violence and injuries often seen in hockey.
Stephen Harper also worries about domestic violence and other injuries in hockey.
Stephen Harper has worries about violence, and injuries, in hockey.
Stephen - Harper worries about violence, and injuries, in hockey.
Stephen Harper worries deeply about all the violence and injuries in hockey.
Two Kentish singers have made through the first ever ever live talent show broadcast on programme the X Factor.
Two Kent singers have been made through to win the first ever live show on the programme the X Factor.
Two other Kent singers have been made through to the first live show on the programme the UK X Factor.
Two Kent singers have made through to the first live talent show on the programme, called the X Factor.
Two Kent singers have made through the very very first live show on programme the UK show The X Factor.
Google has added mobile voice calling capabilities within the Google Hangouts module and in Gmail.
Google Mobile also has added voice calling within the Google Mobile Hangouts module in Gmail.
Google has also added voice calling functionality within the Google Hangouts service module in Gmail.
Google Mobile has added voice calling and application functionality within the Hangouts module in Gmail.
Google Mobile has added voice - calling within the new Google Hangouts module in Gmail.
Arvind Kejriwal is considered fit to also be the prime minister.
Arvind Singh of Kejriwal is fit to also be prime minister.
Arvind Singh Kejriwale is fit to also be prime minister.
Arvind Kejriwal is fit well, enough to be prime minister.
Arvind Kejriwal is fit enough not only to be prime minister.
Why, Pikmint 3 wouldn't work well on 3DS.
Why Pikmin 3 really wouldn't even work well on 3DS.
Why Pikmin 3 wouldn't even even really work on 3DS.
Why, Pikmint 3 wouldn't work well on 3DS.
Why Pikmin 3 wouldn't really even work well on 3DS.
The period began for Vote Mail - By - Mail and early online voting began.
The planning period for Vote - By - Mail and for the early voting began.
The period used for Vote - Back By - Mail began and early voting began.
The period began for the Vote - By - Post Mail and early voting began.
The period began for Vote - Back By - Mail and early postal voting began.
Two men face criminal charges after 312, including 950 illegal contraband cigarettes were seized.
Two other men would face criminal charges after 312, 950 contraband cigarettes were seized.
Two men would later face charges after their 312, 950 contraband cigarettes were seized.
Two men face charges after 312, 950 cases of contraband cigarettes that were seized.
Two other men face charges, after 312, 950 contraband and cigarettes were seized.
New Australian federal high commissionerships were announced.
New South Australian high court commissioners were announced.
New Australian federal deputy high commissioners were announced.
New South Australian high court commissioners were announced.
New and South Australian high commissioners were announced.
Serzh Sargsyan, who is in Syunik, is on " a working holiday visit looked.
Serzh Sargsyan, who is in Syunik is now on a very long working visit looked.
Serzh Sargsyan, " someone who is in the Syunik on a regular working visit looked.
Serzhko - Sargsyan, who is in the Syunik on a working day visit looked.
Serzh, and Sargsyan, who now is in the Syunik on a working visit looked.
An maniac has been charged in investigating the police connection with a series of jewellery thefts.
An man has long since also been falsely charged in connection with a series of jewellery thefts.
An man has been charged in the connection and charged with a series of of jewellery thefts.
An man has been charged in direct connection with investigating a recent series of alleged jewellery thefts.
An man has been charged in the same connection and with a whole series of jewellery thefts.
Tyson Gay said he believes himself has also not tested positive for a banned substance.
Tyson Gay said he himself has only tested positive once for a US banned substance.
Tyson Gay said that he has tested positive again for a new, banned substance.
Tyson Gayle said he believes himself has not tested positive for a banned substance.
Tyson Gay said he has never once tested positive for a US - banned substance.
Tyler Olson shocked everyone by announcing publicly that he will divorce.
Tyler Olson is shocked, followed by announcing he will divorce.
Tyler Olson has shocked everyone by announcing that he will divorce.
Tyler - Olson shocked everyone else by announcing he will divorce.
Tyler - Olson shocked everyone by announcing that he will divorce.
Officials however have not confirmed a gray wolf that was killed in Kentucky.
Officials have confirmed that a gray wolf wolf was also killed in Kentucky.
Officials however, have not confirmed a gray wolf was killed in Kentucky.
Officials have confirmed a gray - wolf wolf was also killed in Kentucky.
Officials have confirmed a gray wolf wolf that was recently killed in Kentucky.
BSF is likely to make up some fresher efforts to have such a flag meeting.
BSF is also not likely to make freshest efforts to have a national flag meeting.
BSFO is likely going to make fresh efforts not to have such a flag meeting.
BSF is likely going to make freshness efforts and plans to have a flag meeting.
BSF is likely to make up some fresher efforts to even have a flag meeting.
A new major US aircraft carrier fleet is set to arrive back in the Philippines.
A US Navy aircraft escort - aircraft carrier is set to arrive in the Philippines.
A new US Navy aircraft carrier is set to eventually arrive safely in the Philippines.
A new US Navy aircraft carrier is set to arrive in from outside the Philippines.
A US aircraft - carrier is also set to arrive safely back in the Philippines.
General Motors Corporation will recall only about another 1. 5 million vehicles due for unrelated defects.
General Motors will recall about another 1. 5 million - 2 million vehicles for unrelated defects.
General Motors will also eventually recall another US $ 1. 5 million vehicles for unrelated defects.
General Motors will recall about another 1. 5 - 5 million vehicles for the unrelated defects.
General Motors will recall yet another 1. 5 million former GMC vehicles for unrelated defects.
Red24's net annual pretax sales profit rose to £ 0. 46m.
Red24's pretax net - profit rose to around £ 0. 46m.
Red24's pretax profit rose up once again to £ 0. 46m.
Red24's pretax - net profit rose to around £ 0. 46m.
Red24's pretax net profit rose up to around £ 0. 46m.
Canadian bonds are ending, surrendering to their earlier financial gains in quiet trading.
Canadian government bonds are ending, surrendering earlier than American gains in quiet trading.
Canadian bonds are ending, surrendering their earlier financial gains in a quiet trading.
Canadian and federal government bonds are ending, surrendering earlier gains in quiet trading.
Canadian bonds are never profit - ending, surrendering earlier gains in quiet trading.
The nearby Sunshine Skyway Bridge Park is open.
The Sunshine Coast Skyway Memorial Bridge is open.
The Sunshine Skyway Memorial Bridge site is open.
The Sunshine Coast Skyway Access Bridge is open.
The Sunshine Skyway Bridge and Bridge is open.
Chrysler Engineering Group, LLC has filed for an initial initial public offering.
Chrysler Engineering Group LLC. Chrysler has filed for an initial public offering.
Chrysler Group, LLC, has not filed for an initial public offering.
Chrysler Group LLC has filed for an initial and an initial public offering.
Chrysler Group, LLC LLC has filed for such an initial public offering.
Sara Khanna is not looking for a career path back in Bollywood.
Saraf Khan is still not looking for a career path in Bollywood.
Sara Khanna is not currently looking for a career path in Bollywood.
Sara Khan is not yet looking up for a new career in Bollywood.
Sara Khan is still not looking up for a new career in Bollywood.
A man who later allegedly committed suicide after being forced to lick off his spit.
A man committed suicide, after being repeatedly forced to repeatedly dry lick his spit.
A man later committed suicide after being found repeatedly forced to repeatedly lick his spit.
A man committed suicide after being caught repeatedly being forced to repeatedly lick his spit.
A man committed mass suicide after allegedly allegedly being physically forced to lick his spit.
Kylie Minogue is to replace singer, Jessie - J, in Britain's show The Voice.
Kylie - Minogue is to replace singer Jessie J, in Great Britain's show The Voice.
Kylie Minogue is to replace Jessie - J, in the Great Britain's show The Voice.
Kylie Minogue is set up to replace Jessie - J, in Britain's show The Voice.
Kylie Minogue is set to replace Jessie J, in Britain's new reality show The Voice.
Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin has never officially divorced his wife.
Vladimir Vladimir Putin has never officially officially divorced his wife.
Vladimir Putin has officially been divorced twice from his wife.
Vladimir Putin has officially divorced Putin from being his wife.
Vladimir Putin himself, has officially never divorced his wife.
A truck - cab driver from Punjab was also shot dead.
A Pakistani truck driver returning from the Punjab was shot dead.
A Pakistani truck driver from Punjab was also also shot dead.
A Pakistani truck driver from the Punjab province was shot dead.
A truck - driver from Punjab province was also shot dead.
Coca - Cola is mocking for it being our social - media addiction.
Coca - Cola & Company is mocking us for our social media addiction.
Coca - C - Cola is mocking for our own social media addiction.
Coca - Cola Cola is mocking for being our social - media addiction.
Coca - Cola itself is mocking for being our own social media addiction.
Hoffenheim and Tim Wiese would not otherwise have agreed to part ways.
Hoffenheim and manager, Timo Wiese have agreed to part ways.
Hoffenheim and Tim Wiese have agreed mutually not to officially part ways.
Hoffenheim player and manager Tim Wiese have agreed not to part ways.
Hoffenheim and Timo Wiese have agreed not yet to part ways.
WellConnects is offering students with a free cooking demonstration.
WellConnect is offering a monthly, free online cooking demonstration.
WellConnected is offering students a free online cooking demonstration.
WellConnects also is offering students a free cooking demonstration.
WellConnects also is offering students a free cooking demonstration.
Edward Snowden, as he wanted, had left a Moscow airport.
Edward Edward Snowden, wanted, left London for a Moscow airport.
Edward Snowden, wanted, had left us for a Moscow airport.
Edward Snowden, wanted, and left a busy, Moscow airport.
Edward and Edward Snowden, wanted, had left a Moscow airport.
Pradeep Chauhan arrived later on board a special farewell visit.
Pradeep and Chauhan arrived on a stately farewell visit.
Pradeep Chauhan also arrived on - board a farewell visit.
Pradeep Kumar Chauhan arrived on a stately farewell visit.
Pradeep Chauhan arrived later on board a special farewell visit.
BT have pulled out talks instead instead, of making a bid for Channel 5.
BT have also pulled them out of making such as a bid for Channel 5.
BT have also pulled them out of making a bid for buying the Channel 5.
BT have pulled out of making proposals such as making a bid for Channel 5.
BT have pulled out of making a takeover bid for the brand new Channel 5.
BENRIACH raked - up millions in bumper sales and profits.
BENRIACHY had raked in bumper sales, and profits.
BENRIACH raked in both in bumper sales, and profits.
BENRIACH had raked in on both bumper sales and profits.
BENRIACH raked up millions in annual bumper sales and profits.
Painkillers found are used in ice - cream cones sparked.
Painkillers are found in ice - cream cone cones sparked.
Painkillers are found in some ice cream with cones sparked.
Painkillers commonly found used in ice cream have cones sparked.
Painkillers found in all the other ice cream cones sparked.
Mahmoud Abbasi ordered the dispatch of immediate emergency food supplies back to Yarmouk camp in Syria.
Mahmoud Abbas ordered for the dispatch of the immediate food supplies back to Yarmouk camp in Syria.
Mahmoud ibn Abbas ordered the dispatches of the immediate food supplies to Yarmouk camp in Syria.
Mahmoud Abbas ordered dispatches of all the remaining immediate food supplies to Yarmouk camp in Syria.
Mahmoud ibn'Abbas ordered dispatch of all immediate food supplies back to Yarmouk camp in Syria.
Stadler won the 2011 IBM Phoenix Open.
Stadler won gold at the Phoenix Open.
Stadler also twice won the Phoenix Open.
Stadler won the 2011 IBM Phoenix Open.
Stadler won the June 2011 Phoenix Open.
Emirates NBD have been announced, with net profit margins rising 27 per cent to AED of $ US 3. 3 billion.
Emirates and NBD have announced, with net operating profit rising to 27 per cent, to reach AED 3. 3 billion.
Emirates NBDBs have announced, with the net profit margins rising 27 per cent, to AED 3. 3 billion.
Emirates and NBD have announced, with net operating profit rising up from 27 per cent, to AED 3. 3 billion.
Emirates NBDO have announced, with net profit rising up from 279 per cent to AED 3. 5 3 billion.
ASIC has also banned hiring a mortgage broker for five years.
ASIC has not banned a mortgage brokerage for five years.
ASIC has not banned a broker for over twenty five years.
ASICS has not banned such a broker for five years.
ASIC has banned such a securities broker for over five years.
THE Australian stock market bubble now looks set to open higher.
THEY entire Australian market looks all set to open higher.
THE entire Australian stock market now looks set to open higher.
THE Australian market looks set up, to be open higher.
THE Australian market looks set to soon be more open higher.
Manufacturing strengthened exports from mainland China to neighboring South Korea.
Manufacturing was strengthened from mainland China and to South Korea.
Manufacturing strengthened both from China and to neighboring South Korea.
Manufacturing was strengthened from China to neighboring country South Korea.
Manufacturing strengthened from Chinese mainland China to neighboring South Korea.
Russell Russell Brand is currently dating Jemima Khan.
Russell Brando is dating actress Jemima Khan.
Russell Brand is dating actress, Jemima Khan.
Russell Brand Russell Brand is dating Jemima Khan.
Russell Brando currently is dating Jemima Khan.
Anderson Silva asked, When old age, can I train.
Anderson Silva then asked, When else can be I train.
Anderson da Silva asked, " When can be I train.
Anderson da Silva then was asked, When can I train.
Anderson Silva asked, " " When can be I train.
A PETITION calling for a 20mph limit failed however, to win much significant cross - party support.
A PETITION calling for support for a 20mph limit also failed to win cross - - party support.
A second PETITION calling for a 20mph time limit failed to successfully win cross - - party support.
A second PETITION calling for for a 20mph limit also failed to win cross - - party support.
A draft PETITION calling for a new 20mph limit failed to win cross - party and party support.
The Lebanese army also reopened a road between two towns near Damascus to the northern Syrian border.
The Lebanese army reopened a road between both the two towns near the current northern Syrian border.
The Lebanese army also reopened a road bridge between two towns near to the northern Syrian border.
The Lebanese army reopened up a road between two towns near to the current northern Syrian border.
The advancing Lebanese army reopened a roadblock line between two towns, near the Syrian border.
A former University of Charleston basketball star player faces after pleading guilty to armed robbery charges and to wire fraud charges.
A former former University College of Charleston basketball player faces after trial pleading guilty only to armed robbery and fraud charges.
A young former former University of North Charleston basketball star player faces after pleading guilty to robbery charges and fraud charges.
A former University coach and College of North Charleston basketball player faces after trial pleading guilty to robbery and fraud charges.
A former former Southern University of North Charleston Panthers basketball star player faces after pleading guilty to robbery and fraud charges.
Carphone Warehouse is accepting the free pre - orders exclusively for the new Nokia Lumia 1520 phablet.
Carphone Warehouse LLC is accepting prep - orders for not only the Nokia Lumia 1520 phablet.
Carphone Warehouse is accepting prep - orders for Nokia only for the Nokia Lumia 1520 phablet.
Carphone Mobile Warehouse LLC is accepting free prep - orders for the Nokia Lumia 1520 phablet.
Carphone Warehouse LLC is accepting new customer pre - orders for the Nokia Siemens Lumia 1520 phablet.
A socialist candidate he is has been sworn in twice as a Seattle city - council member.
A socialist candidate who has been sworn in as well being a Seattle metropolitan city council member.
A national socialist candidate has also been sworn in as a Seattle city sub - council member.
A socialist candidate also has been sworn - - in as is a Seattle city council member.
A socialist candidate has been successfully being sworn - in as a Seattle city - council member.
More than $ 1 370, 000 Kentuckians worldwide have signed up for health insurance.
More - than 370, 000 Kentuckians worldwide have now signed up for health insurance.
More than $ 370, 000 000 of Kentuckians have signed up for health insurance.
More than $ 370, 000 Kentuckians worldwide have signed up annually for health insurance.
More - than 370, 000 Kentuckians worldwide have signed up for their health insurance.
Andrea Mitchell, will also interview former CIA Director John Brennan.
Andrea Mitchell will also personally interview CIA Deputy Director John Brennan.
Andrea Mitchell will also interview former CIA Deputy Director John Brennan.
Andrea Mitchell will also interview former CIA Deputy Director John Brennan.
Andrea Mitchell, will also interview CIA Director General John Brennan.
John Jay - Burkhalter has never officially entered the race for lieutenant governor.
John Burkhalter has officially entered the race for the next California lieutenant governor.
John Jay Burkhalter has never officially entered the race for lieutenant lieutenant governor.
John Burkhalter has officially stated never having entered the race for lieutenant governor.
John Burkhalter has never officially officially entered the race running for lieutenant governor.
Crews responded to seeing a house fire starting up in Paw Paw.
Crews also responded to a nearby house on fire in Paw Paw.
Crews responded to starting a major house fire in the Paw Paw.
Crews also responded to starting a house fire starting in Paw Paw.
Crews responded successfully enough to prevent a house fire in Paw Paw.
Sochi's Olympic villages would have been officially opened.
Sochi's two new Olympic villages have officially opened.
Sochi's Olympic Park villages have been officially opened.
Sochi's new Olympic villages would have officially opened.
Sochi's Olympic Park villages have been officially opened.
Hudson Taylor have announced that they will play their biggest headliner show, to date, at the new London Electric Ballroom.
Hudson Taylor have announced they will now also play at their biggest headline show to date, at the Inside the Electric Ballroom.
Hudson Taylor have also announced they, will play their biggest headline show to date, at the now legendary General Electric Ballroom.
Hudson Taylor have also announced they will also go play in for their biggest headliner show to date at the Electric Ballroom.
Hudson Taylor have announced that they will play their biggest ever headliner live arena show to date, at the Electric Ballroom.
Jack Lakey, star of film The Fixer, is on vacation.
Jack Lakey, The Very Last Fixer, is away on vacation.
Jacky Lakey, The Last Fixer, is away on vacation.
Jack Lakey, The Fixer, someone who is away on vacation.
Jacky Lakey, of The Fixer, also is on vacation.
RED THE HOOK The entire town will also participate in NYSolarSmart.
RED - HOOK : The town hall will participate in NYSolarSmart.
RED HOOK The entire town hall will participate annually in NYSolarSmart.
RED HOOK The town town hall will participate annually in NYSolarSmart.
RED THE HOOK The town hall students will participate in NYSolarSmart.
The Chicago Bears will re - sign former Bears cornerback Charles Tillman.
The Chicago Bears used retro - sign cornerback, Charles Tillman.
The Chicago Black Bears retro - sign cornerback, Charles Tillman.
The Chicago Black Bears will re - sign cornerback, Charles Tillman.
The Chicago Bears re - signed sign former cornerback, Charles Tillman.
No - one is ever communal in politics.
No - one else is communal in politics.
No - one is communalized in politics.
No - one one is communal in politics.
No one else is communalized in politics.
Simon Dyson was handed either a temporary or suspended ban.
Simona de Dyson was handed a temporary suspended ban.
Simon Dyson was handed out with only a suspended ban.
Simon Dyson, was handed out a temporary suspended ban.
Simon Dyson, was handed a further temporary suspended ban.
The Donegal Youth Sports Council's new website, has also now gone live.
The Donegal County Youth Council's brand - new website, has gone live.
The County of Donegal Youth Sports Council's new website, has gone live.
The Donegal Youth Sports Council's new official website, which has gone live.
The Donegal County Youth Council's new website, has also now gone live.
She also strongly opposes human reason, religious liberty, and Christianity.
She opposes humane reason, religious liberty, abortion and Christianity.
She strongly opposes reason, religious, liberty, abortion and Christianity.
She opposes reason, and religious - liberty, abortion and Christianity.
She opposes reason, broadly including religious, liberty, and Christianity.
The 2014 Cleveland Indians signed Kyle Daviess to a minor league contract.
The Cleveland Indians signed Kyle Daviess to a new minor league contract.
The Indians also signed Kyle Davies to sign a new minor league contract.
The Indians signed outfielder Kyle Davies to sign a minor - league contract.
The Indians signed outfielder Kyle Davies to sign a minor - league contract.
Israeli forces may have surrounded protesters at the al - Aqsa mosque.
Israeli forces may have surrounded the Abu Abd al - Aqsa mosque.
Israeli security forces have surrounded the al - al - Aqsa mosque.
Israeli forces may have surrounded at the al -'Aqsa mosque.
Israeli forces have surrounded at the Sheikh Abd al - Aqsa mosque.
Edward Snowden faces such as a very sad and lonely future.
Edward and Snowden faces a very sad and very lonely future.
Edward and Snowden faces such a sad and very lonely future.
Edward Snowden now faces a saddened and very lonely future.
Edward Snowden faces a very sad, and very lonely future.
John Calipari also knows the dirty tricks are about being a selfish player.
John Calipari knows the dirty little trickster about being a selfish player.
John Caliparino also knows the dirty tricks about being a selfish player.
Johnnie Calipari knows the little tricks about being a very selfish player.
John Calipari knows the tricks about being, such as a selfish player.
A Japanese company has announced its plans, to eventually acquire Big Beam Inc. for $ $ 16 billion.
A Japanese company has also announced plans to, eventually completely acquire Big Beam Inc. for $ 16 billion.
A Japanese holding company has announced plans not yet to acquire Beam, Inc. for US $ 16 billion.
A very large, Japanese company has announced plans to acquire Big Beam, Inc. for $ 16 billion.
A large Japanese company has announced that its plans to acquire Beam Inc. for US $ $ 16 billion.
Elizabeth City State University Hospital will be testing its emergency response and medical alert system Wednesday.
Elizabeth City Florida State University Hospital will be testing its new emergency medical alert system Wednesday.
Elizabeth City State University will soon also be testing out its emergency alerting system Wednesday.
Elizabeth City State University, will also be actively testing its new emergency alert system Wednesday.
Elizabethton City Area State University, which will be testing its emergency alert system Wednesday.
US military aircraft are also due to fly Rwandan troops to the Central - West African Republic.
US aircraft are also due to fly Rwandan military troops to support the Central - African Republic.
US aircraft are due to fly Rwandan troops back home to the Central Central - African Republic.
US military aircraft are due also to fly Rwandan military troops to the Central - African Republic.
US military aircraft that remain are not due to fly Rwandan troops to the Central African Republic.
A man was stabbed shot at in near a Cambridge park.
A young man was found and stabbed at a Cambridge park.
A man, who was stabbed at a nearby Cambridge park.
A man who was found stabbed at a nearby Cambridge park.
A young man who was found stabbed at a Cambridge park.
A inmate attempted to escape by accidentally digging himself through a hole in to the ceiling.
A inmate attempted unsuccessfully to attempt escape by digging through a hole cut in the ceiling.
A third inmate attempted to escape, by digging through a hole in to the ceiling.
A inmate attempted to escape by accidentally accidentally digging a large hole in to the ceiling.
A inmate then attempted unsuccessfully to escape by digging a very large hole in the ceiling.
Elton John himself is a very proud father.
Elton John himself, is a proud father.
Elton : John Elton is a proud father.
Elton John is a very much proud father.
Elton : John Elton is a proud father.
The City of West St., Louis, is offering warrant forgiveness.
The City of St. Louis Louis Louis County is offering warrant forgiveness.
The independent City of West St. Louis is offering death warrant forgiveness.
The City of St. Louis is now also considering offering warrant forgiveness.
The City of St. Louis - Louis is also offering warrant forgiveness.
The Buffalo News will offer them free digital internet - access today.
The New Buffalo News Network will offer free online digital access today.
The New Buffalo Morning News will also offer free digital access today.
The Buffalo News Radio Network will offer a free digital access today.
The New Buffalo News Morning News will offer free digital access today.
Rupee was opened up at Rs 63. 15.
Rupee Bank was opened at Rs 63. 15.
Rupee opened at around around Rs 63. 15.
Rupee was opened, at Rs 63. 15.
Rupee was opened at Rs. 63. 15.
Luis Suárez has announced that he is not currently staying at Liverpool.
Luis Ángel Suárez has also recently announced he is staying at Liverpool.
Luis Suárez also has announced he too is staying on at Liverpool.
Luis Ángel Suárez also has announced he is staying permanently at Liverpool.
Luis Suárez has announced publicly that he is staying permanently at Liverpool.
A young woman is facing drunk drunk - driver driving charges after she crashed into a minivan.
A woman who is facing drunk driving assault charges dies after she has crashed into a minivan.
A woman is currently facing drunk - driving charges after which she crashed herself into a minivan.
A woman is currently considering her facing drunk driving charges after she crashed into in a minivan.
A woman is facing drunk driving and assault charges, after she has crashed into a minivan.
Petersburg has plans to renovate as well a historic depot.
Petersburg plans are to also partially renovate a historic depot.
Petersburg has plans underway to completely renovate a historic depot.
Petersburg plans continue to renovate at a nearby historic depot.
Petersburg plans to renovate as a new, historic depot.
Muslims living in South Kerala celebrated Eid - ul - Fitr.
Muslims in Kerala have also celebrated Eid - ul - Fitr.
Muslims in Kerala have also celebrated Eid - ul - Fitr.
Muslims in Kerala have celebrated the Eid - ul - Fitr.
Muslims in South Kerala have celebrated Eid - ul - Fitr.
Australian business and market confidence fell.
Australian federal government business confidence fell.
Australian federal government business confidence fell.
Australian business market market confidence fell.
Australian government and business confidence fell.
Barack Obama vowed to " not veto any new proposed Iran sanctions bill.
Barack - Obama vowed to veto almost any new Iran economic sanctions bill.
Barack Obama vowed not to veto any proposed new Iran economic sanctions bill.
Barack - Obama vowed to veto any proposed, new Iran sanctions bill.
Barack - Obama vowed to veto any proposed new Iran economic sanctions bill.
Bradley Manningham was also sentenced to over 35 years in prison.
Bradley Manning was also sentenced concurrently to 35½ years in prison.
Bradley - Manning was also sentenced twice to 35 years in prison.
Bradley - Manning was sentenced to 35 years imprisonment while in prison.
Bradley Manningham was sentenced concurrently to 35 years imprisonment in prison.
The bond issue and referendum passed.
The bond issue and referendum passed.
The state school bond referendum passed.
The state school bond referendum passed.
The 1964 state bond referendum passed.
District tournament will not start tonight.
District tournament games will start tonight.
District - 2 tournament start tonight.
District - 2 tournament start tonight.
District 2 tournament will start tonight.
RadioShack has plans to close up to 1, 100 + % of its stores.
RadioShack plans to eventually close up close to 1, 000 100 of its stores.
RadioShack plans to close up to 1, 100 of them all of its stores.
RadioShack also has plans to eventually close up to 1, 100 of its stores.
RadioShack plans to eventually close down up to about 1, 100 of its stores.
A firefighter and police officer were also severely injured, during a nearby house fire.
A local firefighter and a police officer were also injured during a nearby house fire.
A firefighter and police security personnel officer both were injured during a nearby house fire.
A local firefighter, and a police officer were injured, during a house fire.
A firefighter and police officer both were seriously injured during a large nearby house fire.
Drewry Industries's share price also reportedly shot up to 8. 5 7 % following a better than expected earnings announcement.
Drew Industries's stock - share price shot back up 8. 5 7 % following a better than previously expected earnings announcement.
Drew Industries's share price also shot up 8. 5 7 % following to a much better - than expected earnings announcement.
Drewry Industries's share capital and stock price shot back up 8. 7 % following a better than expected earnings announcement.
Drewry Industries's share of purchase price also shot up 8. 7 %, following a better than expected earnings announcement.
Ragemongere is a " The Born of the Gods spoiler revealed.
Ragemonger is a Born member of the original New Gods spoiler revealed.
Ragemonger is a'Born of All the Gods'spoiler revealed.
Ragemongere is a " Born of All the Gods spoiler revealed.
Ragemonger is a Born - King of All the Gods spoiler revealed.
Stephen F. Austin High School held in Sugar Land will hold at a town hall board meeting held on a Wednesday, July 31.
Stephen F. Austin High - School in nearby Sugar - Land will hold a town hall committee meeting Wednesday, Saturday, July 31.
Stephen Stephen F. Austin High School held annually in Sugar Land will hold at a special town hall meeting Wednesday, Saturday July 31.
Stephen F. Austin High School in Sugar Land, will hold a special town hall meeting held on the Wednesday, Saturday July 31.
Stephen F. Austin High School in neighboring the nearby Sugar - Land, will also hold a town hall meeting Wednesday, July 31.
I am Chelsea - Chelsea Manning, I am.
I am Chelsea Manning - Manning, I am.
I am Chelsea Manning, and here I am.
I really do am Chelsea Manning, I am.
I really do am Chelsea Manning, I am.
Sweden's Sophie Gustafson retired early from playing the professional LPGA Tour.
Sweden's Sophie Ann Gustafson retired her from the professional LPGA Tour.
Sweden's Sophie Gustafson retired from playing golf on the LPGA Tour.
Sweden's Sophie Gustafson has retired from the active professional LPGA Tour.
Sweden's Sophie Anne Gustafson later retired her from the LPGA Tour.
A female slave girl who is believed to have been sexually enslaved.
A girl is sometimes also believed to possibly have been sexually enslaved.
A girl is generally believed not to have been once sexually enslaved.
A female slave girl is believed to have also been sexually enslaved.
A girl who is believed not to ever have been sexually enslaved.
Henriksen Stenson is focusing more on winning at the Masters.
Henriksen Stenson is focusing more fully on winning the Masters.
Henrik Stenson, is currently not focusing on winning the Masters.
Henrik Stenson, is currently focusing on not winning the Masters.
Henriksen Stenson is currently focusing on not winning the Masters.
Mark O'Meara will play again in 2017 the Greater Pittsburgh Gwinnett Championship.
Mark O'Mearay will play again, in the Greater Gwinnett Championship.
Mark O'Meara will play again, in the Greater Pittsburgh Gwinnett Championship.
Mark O'Mearay, will play again in the Greater Gwinnett Championship.
Markie O'Meara will play again in 2018 the Greater Gwinnett Championship.
A Marble Falls cancer patient survivor who will walk out to support others.
A Marblehead Falls cancer survivor who will often walk to support others.
A Marblehead Falls cancer survivor who will walk out to support others.
A young Marblehead Falls cancer patient survivor will walk to support others.
A Marblehead Falls cancer patient survivor will often walk to support others.
American Science Research and Engineering Inc. has received an order for 28 ZBV systems, from Iran being a key US Middle - East channel partner.
American Computer Science Research and Engineering, Inc. has received an order for 28 ZBV systems from a key Middle - East satellite TV channel partner.
American Science and Engineering, Inc. has also received an order for 28 ZBV television systems, from a key Middle East satellite TV channel partner.
American Science and Engineering Inc. has received an initial initial order for 28 ZBV cable systems from each a single single key Middle East channel partner.
American Science and Engineering Inc. has received also an order for 28 ZBV systems from a key Middle East based satellite TV multi - channel partner.
The Navy Department will christen its littoral enemy combatant ship, as the USS Milwaukee.
The Navy will also christen in it its littoral combatant ship, the USS Milwaukee.
The Navy Department will christen its first littoral combatant combat ship, the USS Milwaukee.
The Navy will christen it its first littoral combat combat ship, named the USS Milwaukee.
The Navy will christen its littoral class naval combat ship, also called the USS Milwaukee.
Inspira Health Care Network, recognized 38 best nurses of all the year.
Inspiratory Health Network, which recognized 38 nurses as of the year.
Inspiratory Health Network, recognized 38 best nurses nationwide of the year.
Inspira Health Network, recognized with 38 nurses as of of the year.
Inspira Health Care Network, recognized 38 outstanding nurses of all the year.
International exchange rate operators are also expanding operations in Asia.
International foreign exchange service service operators are expanding in Asia.
International exchange rate operators, are also expanding in Asia.
International and foreign exchange operators are also expanding in Asia.
International exchange operators worldwide are also expanding rapidly in Asia.
Freddie and John Roache has agreed to train Glen Tapia.
Freddie Roache has agreed to train at the Glen Tapia.
Freddie and Roach has agreed to train together at Glen Tapia.
Freddie Roach has also very recently agreed to train Glen Tapia.
Freddie Roache has also agreed to train at Glen Tapia.
The NPP risk is not staying in the opposition for a long time.
The NPP government would risk staying in opposition for quite a long time.
The NPP risk staying in the opposition for a quite a long time.
The NPP risk staying in the opposition for quite a very long time.
The NPP risk is not staying in the opposition for a long time.
Food price index inflation rose in September.
Food - price inflation rose in September.
Food price inflation rose again in September.
Food inflation rose again starting in September.
Food inflation also rose again in September.
The last former Henry James Johnson Family Dining restaurant in Lexington closed.
The Henry Clay and James Family Dining restaurant located in Lexington closed.
The Henry James Johnson Johnson Johnson Family Dining restaurant in Lexington closed.
The very last former Henry James Family Dining restaurant in Lexington closed.
The Henry James Family and Family Dining restaurant in downtown Lexington closed.
Tony Stewart underwent yet a third surgery on removing from his leg.
Tony Stewart underwent yet a third knee replacement surgery on his leg.
Tony Stewart - Stewart underwent a double third surgery on his leg.
Tony Stewart underwent only a double third wheel surgery on his leg.
Tony Stewart underwent a double third surgery based on removing his leg.
UBSA Bank has hiked its target price target for the Next by a quarter.
UBS has hiked its initial initial initial target price target for Next by a quarter.
UBSA has also hiked its target purchase price for Next by over a quarter.
UBS has since hiked up its initial target purchase price for Next by a quarter.
UBS has hiked its target price and target for The Big Next by a quarter.
Jessie J has joked she would also love to audition for the very very next two series of singing The Voice.
Jessie - Jessie J has joked she herself would love to audition for the very very next series of The Voice.
Jessie J has joked she herself would love someone to audition for her in the very next series of The Voice.
Jessie J. has joked she would also love to audition and also audition for the next series of The Voice.
Jessie - J has joked she would also love to audition for the next series finale season finale of The Voice.
Power supply companies located worldwide are preparing for Tropical Storm Karen.
Power supply companies are also currently preparing for Tropical Storm Karen.
Power companies located worldwide are also preparing for Tropical Storm Karen.
Power supply companies are also preparing for the Tropical Storm Karen.
Power companies are also preparing for a Tropical Tropical Storm Karen.
People who really want John Mikel Obi.
People want you John and Mikel Obi.
People want you, John Mikel Obi.
People want you, John Mikel Obi.
People want Johnnie and Mikel Obi.
France had then summoned the US ambassador.
France was summoned by the US ambassador.
France summoned the new resident US ambassador.
France then immediately summoned the US ambassador.
France summoned by the former US ambassador.
Alexa Morgan is the new new face.
Alex Morgana is also the new face.
Alexa Morgan is named the new face.
Alex Morgan is also the first new face.
Alex Morgans, is the new face.
Lisa Madigan will also currently not yet be running for governor.
Lisa Marie Madigan will not even be considering running for governor.
Lisa Madigan will also not be considering running again for governor.
Lisa Madigan will also not be seen running again for governor.
Lisa Madigan, will not be considering ever running for governor.
It is therefore probably better to be a criminal in mainland China rather than a pregnant mother.
It really is much better to be a criminal lawyer in mainland China than a pregnant mother.
It is far better to be with a criminal in China than be with a pregnant mother.
It is probably better to be a convicted criminal lawyer in China than be a pregnant mother.
It is better to be with such a criminal in China than be with a pregnant mother.
Ukraine turns its back on to the Western and European Union.
Ukraine turns its attentions back firmly on the European Union.
Ukraine also turns its back firmly on the Western European Union.
Ukraine turns its attention back now on joining the European Union.
Ukraine also turns its back on Ukraine joining the European Union.
A young man has been banned almost outright from owning animals for over 10 years.
A man has been banned from legally, owning wild animals, for 10 years.
A young man has been officially banned from owning wild animals, for 10 years.
A man has been legally banned from owning wild animals, for over 10 years.
A maniac has also been banned from legally owning wild animals for 10 years.
UAE's Etihad Rail has also received invited bids.
UAE's Al Etihad Rail Group has invited bids.
UAE's carrier Al Etihad Rail has invited bids.
UAE's Etihad Light Rail project has invited bids.
UAE's Etihad Rail Group also has invited bids.
Rakeem and the Buckles'waiver has since been denied by the NCAA.
Rakeem Buckles'waiver request has since then been denied by the NCAA.
Rakeem Buckles's NCAA waiver has been denied by both the NCAA.
Rakeem and Buckles'waiver has since been denied by both the NCAA.
Rakeem and Buckles'waiver request has been repeatedly denied by the NCAA.
The first two PlayStation 4s would have gone out on sale.
The first of two PlayStation 4s have gone out on sale.
The very first of two PlayStation 4s have gone on sale.
The very first of two PlayStation 4s have gone on sale.
The very first two PlayStation 4s have since gone on sale.
Fulham fans are set - up to bid € 10m for Pablo Osvaldo.
Fulham are also set to also bid €. 10m for Pablo Osvaldo.
Fulham FC are set to bid € 10m for striker Juan Pablo Osvaldo.
Fulham are set to bid up for €. 10m for Pablo Osvaldo.
Fulham are set to bid for €. 10m each for Pablo Osvaldo.
The local Turkish police have detained 1, 000 080 illegal migrants.
The Turkish border police detained 1, 000 000 080 illegal migrants.
The Turkish border border police detained about 1, 080 illegal migrants.
The Turkish police have detained over 1, 000 080 illegal migrants.
The Turkish border police detained about 1, 080 Turkish illegal migrants.
Narendra Modi is the current Chief Minister, of an average state.
Narendranath Modi is also the Chief Minister of an average state.
Narendra Modi is Chief Cabinet Minister of a such an average state.
Narendra Modi is Chief Cabinet Chief Minister of an above average state.
Narendranath Singh Modi is the Chief Minister of an average state.
The Indians may have also recalled Don Carlos Carrasco to help help their tired bullpen.
The local Indians may have recalled Carlos Carrasco to help them relieve their tired bullpen.
The American Indians have recalled sending Don Carlos Carrasco to help their already tired bullpen.
The American Indians also may have recalled Carlos Carrasco, to help their tired bullpen.
The Indians may have recalled Don Carlos Carrasco to help help relieve their tired bullpen.
The US Green Building Standards Council has certified it its 50, 000th affordable - housing unit.
The US National Green - Building Development Council has certified it its 50, 000th housing unit.
The June, 2010 US Green Building Council has officially certified its 50, 000th housing unit.
The US Greenhouse Building Standards Council also has certified it its 50, 000th housing unit.
The US Green Building Council has certified it its new 50, 000 000th affordable housing unit.
Chris Hughton admits that the old Swansea City were the better side.
Chris Hughton admits Swansea and City were on the far better side.
Chrissy Hughton admits Swansea City " were the next better side.
Chrissy Hughton also admits Swansea and City were the better side.
Chris Hughton also admits that Swansea City were not the better side.
An unnamed Overland Park County lawyer was disbarred.
An Overland Park - County lawyer was disbarred.
An Overland, Park lawyer, was disbarred.
An unnamed Overland Park County lawyer was disbarred.
An Overland Park County lawyer, was disbarred.
Bill Thompson who is abandoning him for his mayoral candidacy.
Bill Thompson is also considering abandoning his own mayoral candidacy.
Bill Thompson is also considering abandoning his own mayoral candidacy.
Bill Thompson is now abandoning for mayor his mayoral candidacy.
Bill Thompson who is currently abandoning for his mayoral candidacy.
Actor Sir Peter Pan Paul O'Toole died in a London hospital.
Actor Sir Peter O'Toole died lying in at a London hospital.
Actor Peter O'Toole also died in at a South London hospital.
Actor Peter Paul O'Toole died in at a South London hospital.
Actor Peter Paul O'Toole died suddenly in a North London hospital.
India today launched as its the very first indigenous aircraft carrier.
India, today has just launched its first indigenous aircraft carrier.
India today has launched its first ever fully indigenous aircraft carrier.
India today launched its first fully - automated indigenous aircraft carrier.
India has today launched as its first fully indigenous aircraft carrier.
A storm system stretched south from Oklahoma down into northern New York.
A tropical storm warning system stretched south from Oklahoma into New York.
A tropical storm system stretched far south from Oklahoma into New York.
A storm system that stretched from southern Oklahoma into northern New York.
A tropical storm warning system stretched from southern Oklahoma into New York.
The car's driver who was killed he smashed into it with the tram.
The car's driver was killed when, suddenly he smashed into the tram.
The tram car's driver was also killed he had smashed into the tram.
The car's driver however was killed he too was smashed into the tram.
The car's driver himself was killed when he smashed into half the tram.
Real Betis also has recently fired former manager Juan Carlos Garrido.
Real Betis also recently has fired manager Juan - Carlos Garrido.
Real Betis has fired manager, Juan Juan - Carlos Garrido.
Real Madrid Betis has fired manager, Juan Juan Carlos Garrido.
Real Betis has also fired manager, Juan - Carlos Garrido.
Country music music singer, Ray Price died at the approximate age of of 87.
Country music singer Rayne Price died at about the approximate approximate age of 87.
Country music singer Ray Price died suddenly at about about half the age of 87.
Country music music singer, songwriter Billy Ray Price died at the age of 87.
Country music music singer Ray Price has recently died at around the age of 87.
An old Augusta man, who faces a charge of child sex trafficking and of children made.
An Augusta man who dies faces a charge of sexton - trafficking and of children made.
An Augusta man, who faces death a criminal charge of sex trafficking of his children made.
An Augusta man, who faces a criminal charge of sex - related trafficking of children made.
An Augusta man who dies faces a federal and criminal charge of sex trafficking of children made.
Red hot lipstick also helps make an impact.
Red lipstick also often helps make an impact.
Red lipstick also helps make such an impact.
Red hot red lipstick helps make an impact.
Red lipstick also helps make such an impact.
The Deputy Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan is also present on his state visit to China.
The Prime - Minister of the country Kyrgyzstan is on his first visit to China.
The Deputy Prime - Minister of the Kyrgyzstan is on his visit abroad to China.
The Prime Minister of the Kyrgyzstan government is on his first official visit to China.
The First Deputy Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan, is on to his visit to China.
Former, Newport County, and Stevelyn - Aizlewood has all died following a illness.
Former Newport County, and Congressman Steve - Lee Aizlewood has also died following a illness.
Former Newport County, and Steve Aizlewood has also recently died most recently following a illness.
Former Newport County, and Steve - Lee Aizlewood, has died following such a illness.
Former Newport County, West Virginia and Steve Lee - Aizlewood has died following a illness.
Israel successfully successfully launched a new Israeli military spy satellite.
Israel successfully successfully launched such a new strategic spy satellite.
Israel successfully launched a new brand - new spy satellite.
Israel successfully and successfully, launched a new spy satellite.
Israel has successfully successfully launched a new Israeli spy satellite.
Miley Cyrus is also being told not to tone it down on tomorrow night's X - Fi Factor show.
Miley Cyrus'is being told how to not tone down on her tomorrow - night's X Factor show.
Miley Cyrus is being told to not tone down on seeing from her tomorrow night's X - Factor show.
Miley Cyrus is being repeatedly repeatedly told to not tone down on tomorrow - night's X - Factor show.
Miley Cyrus Cyrus is being told to not tone it down on tomorrow night's live The X Factor show.
Two milder tremors jolted Quetta and the other mountainous parts of Balochistan.
Two mild tremors jolted Quetta and the other parts tumbled out of Balochistan.
Two mild tremors suddenly jolted through Quetta and other rural parts of Balochistan.
Two mild tremors jolted Quetta and other northern parts east west of Balochistan.
Two mild tremors jolted Quetta and the other parts south west of Balochistan.
Obese people living alone in Wales are being denied accessibility to traditional life saving treatments.
Obese and elderly people in South Wales are increasingly being denied access to life saving treatments.
Obese people in Wales, Wales are increasingly being denied accessibility to life saving treatments.
Obese people in Wales, are being increasingly denied the access to new life saving treatments.
Obese people in Wales are being denied medical accessibility and access to life saving treatments.
Two other construction workers were injured after falling down from the collapsed roof of a Westfield Des West Moines home.
Two other construction workers were also injured, after falling from the roof ledge of a Westfield Des Moines home.
Two construction site workers were injured after accidentally falling down from the collapsed roof of a Westfield Des Moines home.
Two construction workers also were injured after falling from trees and under the roof of the a West Des Moines home.
Two construction site workers were injured shortly after falling from under the partially collapsed roof of a West Des Moines home.
Buy Home Appliances Business for Today Official Website releases the review.
Buy Home Appliances and Today Websites also releases the review.
Buy Your Home and Appliances Today Official Website releases the review.
Buying Your Home Appliances Today Official Website releases the review.
Buy Home Appliances Today Website also releases out of the review.
A FedEx truck was also stolen and was led by the police on a chase.
A FedEx truck was stolen, and he led police on horseback into a chase.
A FedEx pickup - truck was stolen and led by police officers on a chase.
A Ford FedEx truck was also reported as stolen and led police on a chase.
A FedEx truck driver was stolen and was led by police officers on a chase.
A bill to temporarily allow bond issue financing only for Nebraska state road projects overcame a filibuster.
A bill to also allow bond financing only for several Nebraska road projects narrowly overcame a filibuster.
A 1994 subsequent bill to allow federal bond financing for Nebraska road construction projects overcame a filibuster.
A bill to allow bond issue financing for Nebraska road construction and projects narrowly overcame a filibuster.
A bill proposed to also allow bond financing only for Nebraska road construction projects overcame a filibuster.
An elderly man is facing charges after he has been drank crashed into him and his car into a nearby Weslaco police unit.
An elderly elderly black man is facing multiple murder charges after what he drank crashed his car down into a Weslaco police unit.
An elderly homeless man who is facing charges after he drank crashed his car rental car into with a Weslaco County police unit.
An elderly man who is facing charges, after he drank crashed into his own car, into a Weslaco County police unit.
An elderly man who is also now facing charges after he drank crashed his car into with a Weslacook County police unit.
Fortescue has recently opened its 40 million Kings Valley iron and iron - ore mine.
Fortescue has recently opened up its 40 million dollar Kings Valley iron - ore mine.
Fortescue Valley County has opened its 40 million dollar Kings River Valley iron ore mine.
Fortescue has recently opened up its 40 million Kings River Valley iron - ore mine.
Fortescue has recently opened its 40 - million Kings Valley copper copper iron ore mine.
Tonya Mowbray was also left frustrated.
Tonya Mowbray however was left frustrated.
Tony Mowbray was also also left frustrated.
Tony Mowbray was also also left frustrated.
Tony Mowbray however was often left frustrated.
Catherine de de la Zeta Lloyd - Jones, is taking some time apart and work on her marriage to Michael Douglas.
Catherine Zeta - Jones Jones is taking some much more time apart and work on preparing her marriage proposal to Michael Douglas.
Catherine Zeta - Jones is taking some time apart and work on preparing for her newfound marriage proposal to Michael Douglas.
Catherine Zeta - Jones, is taking some time apart and will now work on ending her marriage to actor Michael Douglas.
Catherine de Zeta Jones - Bridget Jones is taking up some time apart and work on her marriage to actor Michael Douglas.
Denver is projected to eventually only lose about $ 10. 6 - million from its uncollected Internet and sales taxes.
Denver Area Metro is projected to eventually lose about $ $ 10. 6 million from uncollected US Internet sales taxes.
Denver is also projected to lose about US $ 10. 5 6 - million from uncollected Internet and sales taxes.
Denver Evening Post is projected to lose only about US $ 10. 6 million from uncollected US Internet sales taxes.
Denver is projected to lose only just about $ 10. 6 million from paying its uncollected federal Internet sales taxes.
The West Indies would have crept up to 714 / 1 at lunch.
The touring West Indies team would have crept to 71 / 1 at lunch.
The West - Indies have crept to a 71 / 1 victory at lunch.
The West Indies have now crept to take a 71 / 1 at lunch.
The West Indies have crept to take a 717 / 1 at lunch.
The current, ready reckoner rates, will be increased.
The ready reckoner, error rates, will be increased.
The current ready pre - reckoner rates will be increased.
The ready - reckoner rates will be also be increased.
The ready pre - reckoner rates, will be increased.
Pride that shall cometh before the fall.
Pride cometh long before in the fall.
Pride shall cometh before in the fall.
Pride cometh before taking to the fall.
Pride will cometh before taking the fall.
Nordic stocks close to or slightly higher.
Nordic stocks are close to slightly higher.
Nordic cattle stocks are close slightly higher.
Nordic stocks are close to slightly higher.
Nordic stocks are at close slightly higher.
Leaders Bengaluru FC, began their 2017 Federation Cup - winning campaign with a win.
Leaders FC Bengaluru FC began their 2017 Federations Cup winning campaign with a win.
Leaders Bengaluru FC, began their Federation Cup winning campaign with just barely a win.
Leaders Bengaluru United FC, began their 2014 Federation Cup qualification campaign with a win.
Leaders of Bengaluru United FC also began their Federation Cup winning campaign with a win.
Gone Wild, Girl has gotten an official release date.
Gone Wild Girl Part 2 has gotten an release date.
Gone Girl Records has gotten us to an release date.
Gone Wild Girl also now has gotten an release date.
Gone Girl has not gotten an official US release date.
The guard, Tony Allen, was also suspended for one game.
The guard Tony de Allende was also suspended for one game.
The guard Tony de Allende was suspended indefinitely for one game.
The guard Tony Allen was suspended indefinitely, for only one game.
The point guard Tony de Allende was suspended for one game.
A woman was also arrested after allegedly, allegedly, crashing her vehicle into CVS Pharmacy while driving drunk, police said.
A woman was also arrested after allegedly accidentally accidentally crashing her vehicle right into CVS Pharmacy while driving drunk, police said.
A woman who was arrested after allegedly, allegedly crashing her vehicle directly into CVS Pharmacy while driving drunk, police said.
A woman was arrested after allegedly accidentally crashing her motor vehicle directly into a CVS Pharmacy, while drunk, police said.
A woman who was arrested after allegedly accidentally crashing her vehicle directly directly back into CVS Pharmacy while drunk, police said.
Amazon Italy has revealed a new next - generation Tomb Raider Definitive Edition.
Amazon Italy also revealed a next - generation Tomb Raider : Definitive Edition.
Amazon Italy has also revealed a new next generation Tomb Raider Definitive Edition.
Amazon in Italy revealed as a next generation of Tomb Raider Definitive Edition.
Amazon Italy also revealed a next generation Tomb Raider 2 : Definitive Edition.
A motorcyclist, who has been killed, in a crash associated with a school bus on the Long Island.
A young motorcyclist has just been nearly killed in a crash with just a school bus driver on Long Island.
A motorcyclist who has reportedly also reportedly been killed in a crash with on a school bus on Long Island.
A motorcyclist has also been killed, in a fatal car crash with a school bus bus on Long Island.
A motorcyclist has also been reported killed off in a crash associated with a school bus driver on Long Island.
Two Malone University students, also have recently been awarded research grants.
Two Maloney University graduate students have been awarded research research grants.
Two Malone University graduate students may also have been awarded research grants.
Two former Maloney University students have been recently awarded research grants.
Two Maloney University students also have been recently awarded research grants.
Bayern Bayern Bayern Munich signed Robert Lewandowski from Tennis Borussia Dortmund.
Bayern Munich signed Robert Adam Lewandowski from Tennis Club Borussia Dortmund.
Bayern Munich signed midfielder Robert Lewandowski, from Tennis Borussia Dortmund.
Bayern Munich have also signed Robert Lewandowski from Tennis Borussia Dortmund.
Bayern Bayern Bayern Munich signed midfielder Robert Lewandowski from Borussia Dortmund.
Twitch game broadcasting will come back to both the iOS and Android thanks.
Twitch game broadcasting will come to include the iOS and the Android thanks.
Twitch game broadcasting services will also come to the iOS and Android thanks.
Twitch video game broadcasting will come to iOS and receive the Android thanks.
Twitch video game broadcasting will also come to iOS and the Android thanks.
Chinese smugglers dug a secret underground tunnel leading into Hong Kong.
Chinese smugglers also dug a tunnel, leading into Hong Kong.
Chinese drug smugglers dug a tunnel leading into mainland Hong Kong.
Chinese smugglers dug out a tunnel into the northern Hong Kong.
Chinese smugglers also dug a tunnel into the northern Hong Kong.
House of Cards'Robin Wright and Wright star Benji Foster, are engaged.
House of the Cards'Robin Wright, and star Benji Foster are engaged.
Houses of Cards'Robina Wright and star actor Ben Foster are engaged.
House of Cards'Robina Wright and Wright star Benji Foster are engaged.
Houses House of Cards'Robin and Wright star Ben Foster, are engaged.
Michelle has opened up herself up again about plastic surgery.
Michelle has opened up more about doing her plastic surgery.
Michelle Williams has also opened herself up about plastic surgery.
Michelle Williams also has opened herself up about plastic surgery.
Michelle has opened herself up right up about plastic surgery.
Russell Knox shot only the 59 in all the Web. com Tour history.
Russell Knox shot 59 for the first 59 in Web. com Tour history.
Russell Knox shot 69 for the 59th in Web. com Tour history.
Russell Knox first shot the 59 in Web. com Tour PGA Tour history.
Russell Knox shot the record for 59th in Web. com Tour history.
AmeriCorps also will host a new butterfly program.
AmeriCorps will also host a new butterfly program.
AmeriCorps also will host a new butterfly program.
AmeriCorps will host one such a butterfly program.
AmeriCorps will host such a free butterfly program.
Jakey Bugg also has announced that he will return to NZ.
Jake Bugg has also recently announced he will return home to NZ.
Jakey Bugg has announced that he too will return to NZ.
Jake Bugg has also announced that, he will return to NZ.
Jake Bugg has recently also announced he will not return to NZ.
A third convicted man was later sentenced to over 30 years in prison for manslaughter.
A third man also was sentenced up to over 30 years in prison for manslaughter.
A maniac was sentenced to 30 - years imprisonment in prison, for manslaughter.
A maniac was sentenced to just over 30 years imprisonment in prison for manslaughter.
A man was also sentenced to over 30 - years in prison, for manslaughter.
Russell - Ingalls has been confirmed to join Lucas - Dumbrell Motorsport.
Russell Hamilton - Ingall has been officially confirmed to join Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport.
Russell Ingall has been recently officially confirmed to also join Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport.
Russell - Russell Ingall has been confirmed to also join Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport.
Russell Ingall has also been confirmed to join the Lucas - Dumbrell Motorsport.
Consumer stocks prices also are often mixed near the close.
Consumer stocks are mixed up near and to the close.
Consumer - goods stocks are mixed up near the close.
Consumers stocks stocks are often mixed near the close.
Consumer stocks and stock prices are mixed near the close.
Everyone in the Norway, who is now a millionaire.
Everyone else living in Northern Norway is now a millionaire.
Everyone living in Norway, is by now a millionaire.
Everyone in Northern - Norway is now considered a millionaire.
Everyone in the Norway who is is now a millionaire.
Crude oil slipped below even the $ $ $ 100 mark.
Crude fuel oil slipped to well below the $ 100 mark.
Crude fuel and oil slipped below even the $ 100 mark.
Crude oil slipped just below the $ US $ 100 mark.
Crude oil prices had slipped below even the $ 100 mark.
A central European court upheld EU economic sanctions sanctions against the sister country of Bashar al - Assad.
A European court has upheld EU sanctions against the sister group of Bashar al - al - Assad.
A European court upheld the EU economic sanctions imposed earlier against the sister of Bashar al - Assad.
A European - Union court upheld EU sanctions against the sister party of Bashar and al - Assad.
A European court upheld EU economic sanctions imposed earlier against the younger sister of Bashar al - Assad.
International day against drug abuse and any other illegal illicit trafficking was observed.
International awareness day against illegal drug abuse and illicit drug trafficking was observed.
International day against drug - related abuse and other illicit trafficking was observed.
International day fighting against drug abuse, and illicit trafficking, was observed.
International day against drug abuse, and illicit drug trafficking also was observed.
The Bridgewater State University Bulldogs'football team also ended a losing streak.
The 2010 Bridgewater State - University Bulldogs football team ended a losing streak.
The 2012 Bridgewater State - University Bulldogs football team ended a losing streak.
The 2009 Bridgewater State University football team has ended a long losing streak.
The 2014 Bridgewater State University football team also ended a long losing streak.
Deutsche Bank transferred its ownership and upgraded the NetSuite to Buy.
Deutsche Bank transferred and later upgraded the NetSuite Buy to Buy.
Deutsche Bank transferred and also upgraded the NetSuite Business to Buy.
Deutsches Deutsche Bank transferred and upgraded NetSuite Business to Buy.
Deutsche Bank transferred ownership and upgraded the German NetSuite to Buy.
John Blumsky, a broadcaster, died who has died.
John Michael Blumsky, a British broadcaster, has died.
John Blumsky, also a broadcaster, who has died.
John Blumsky, a broadcaster, died who has died.
John Michael Blumsky, also a broadcaster, has died.
Bulgarian should also don't even allow the imposition of sanctions against Russia.
Bulgarian should also not allow the further impositions of sanctions against Russia.
Bulgarian should not allow the imposition of economic sanctions or sanctions against Russia.
Bulgarian international law should not allow the imposition of sanctions directly against Russia.
Bulgarian authorities should also not allow the imposition of economic sanctions against Russia.
NASA also would launch a satellite project in close collaboration with India's ISRO.
NASA would launch such a satellite in close collaboration directly with India's ISRO.
NASA would launch such a new communications satellite in collaboration with India's ISRO.
NASA would launch such a satellite, in collaboration with NASA India's ISRO.
NASA would also launch a new satellite in close collaboration with India's ISRO.
Kevin Bridges has announced a third, fourth, and final Sydney show.
Kevin Michael Bridges has been announced for a third and final Sydney show.
Kevin Bridges Television Productions Limited has announced a third and final Sydney show.
Kevin Michael Bridges has announced for a third and final live Sydney show.
Kevin Lloyd Bridges has also announced a third and the final Sydney show.
Barack Obama is also enrolling in with some star power to help promote health care.
Barack Obama also is considering enrolling some star power leaders to promote universal health care.
Barack - Obama Obama is enrolling in some star power to promote universal health care.
Barack Obama administration is also enrolling some star power to promote universal public health care.
Barack - Obama also, is considering enrolling some star power to promote health care.
James Sensenbrenner Jr. who wants Director of James and Clapper was fired and prosecuted him for lying.
James Sensenbrenner, President Jr. wants the Director General of James Clapper fired and prosecuted for lying.
James Sensenbrenner Jr. wants Director of James Clapper, fired and prosecuted him, allegedly for lying.
James Sensenbrenner Jr. wants Director of Intelligence James Clapper fired, arrested and prosecuted him for lying.
James Henry Sensenbrenner Jr. wants Director of James Clapper was fired and was prosecuted twice for lying.
Guelph can return to her best form she contests again in the 2014 Canadian Pharn - Lap Stakes.
Guelph can return her back to her former best in form she contests in the 2014 Phar Lap Stakes.
Guelph and she can return to her best form as she now also contests the 2014 Phar Lap Stakes.
Guelph Queen can now return to showing her best form when she contests the prestigious 2014 Phar Lap Stakes.
Guelph can now return to her best form, as she also contests the prestigious 2014 Phar Lap Stakes.
He was jumped and suspended indefinitely for over 10 games.
He jumped right back up and suspended for 10 games.
He jumped up, and suspended for over 10 games.
He jumped and was subsequently suspended for over 10 games.
He was jumped and suspended for just over 10 games.
Airstreeem is currently also launching in the UK.
Airstreeem is also currently launching in the UK.
Airstreeeme is launching in across the UK.
Airstreeeme is launching it in the UK.
Airstreeem is currently launching operations in the UK.
The Roman Catholic Bishoprics of Limburg faces penalties.
The incumbent Roman Catholic Bishop of Limburg also faces penalties.
The Catholic Auxiliary Bishop of South Limburg also faces penalties.
The Catholic Bishopric of South - Limburg faces penalties.
The Catholicic Bishoprics of Limburg faces penalties.
The Philippine central central commercial bank, is ready to adjust to its policy to deal directly with the impact of Typhoon Haiyan.
The Philippine central central bank is ready yet to adjust policy to deal with reducing of the potential impact factors of Typhoon Haiyan.
The Philippine central central central bank, is ready to adjust to its policy to deal with the impact of the Typhoon Haiyan.
The new Philippine national central bank is ready to adjust policymakers to better deal directly with the impact of the Typhoon Haiyan.
The Philippine central bank system is now getting ready yet again to fully adjust policy to deal with the impact of Typhoon Haiyan.
The LUXXURY editable book series is.
The LUXXURY - editable series is.
The current LUXXURY - edit series is.
The current LUXXURY editable series is.
The current LUXXURY - edit series is.
Scarborough Renaissance Festival Orchestra ® was also featured prominently on the series, Fandemonium.
Scarborough Renaissance Festival ®, was featured early on in the series, Fandemonium.
Scarborough Renaissance Festival ® was also featured early on in the series, Fandemonium.
Scarborough Renaissance Music Festival Festival ® * was featured on the series, Fandemonium.
Scarborough Renaissance Music Festival ®, was featured prominently on the series, Fandemonium.
Maya Hayes led week two and the week earned the National Player of the honors.
Maya Hayes led week and week earned the National Defensive Defensive Player of the honors.
Mayanne Hayes led week and earned National Player one of them all the honors.
Maya Hayes led for the week and earned National Player one of all the honors.
Maya Hayes led week two and earned National League Defensive Player Player of the honors.
Geno Smith also, was named the AFC West offensive player of of the week.
Geno Smith, also was named the 2011 AFC offensive player of of the week.
Geno Smith was named the AFC AFC offensive defensive tackle player player of the week.
Geno Smith was named the AFC and AFC Offensive offensive tackle player of the week.
Geno Smith was named the AFC AFC offensive player of choice of of the week.
Quintain wants more personal freedom than a traditional family relationship, the developer tells.
Quintaine wants nothing more than a simple traditional relationship, the developer tells.
Quintain wants something more than just a traditional relationship, the game developer tells.
Quintaine wants more than a traditional relationship, the video game developer tells.
Quintain wants nothing more than a traditional family friendly relationship, the developer tells.
Kimber Kardashian has recently hired her a new publicist.
Kimberly Kardashian has hired a brand new publicist.
Kim Kardashian, also, has hired a new publicist.
Kim Kardashian has also been recently hired a new publicist.
Kim Kardashian has also hired her as a new publicist.
Craig Ehlo, for those who spent, is facing two felony charges.
Craig Ehlo, who spent, lost, and is facing felony charges.
Craig Ehlo, for who spent, he is facing two felony charges.
Craig then confronts Ehlo, who spent, and is facing felony charges.
Craig Ehlo, who spent, and is facing, two felony charges.
Mahmud Abbas condemned an attack on killing a pregnant young Israeli girl.
Mahmud Abbas condemned an Israeli attack made on a young Israeli girl.
Mahmud Abbasi condemned such an attack made on a Israeli girl.
Mahmud Abbas condemned such an attack on killing a young Israeli girl.
Mahmud Abbasi condemned an attack he made on a Israeli girl.
A troubled young man has accepted on a plea deal involved in a murder case.
A young man has accepted a new, legal plea deal in a murder case.
A man who still has not accepted a plea deal is in a murder case.
A young man has recently accepted a plea deal in jail solving a murder case.
A man has not accepted yet a new plea deal, in a murder case.
The original Clark County Board of Child Developmental Disabilities tax levy was defeated.
The Clarksville County Boards of Developmental Disabilities levy measure was defeated.
The Clarksville County Board of Developmental and Human Disabilities levy was defeated.
The then original Clark County Board of Developmental Disabilities levy proposal was defeated.
The Clarksville County Boards of Developmental Disabilities levy measure was defeated.
Narendra Modi will also be addressing an election - election day rally in Chandrapur tomorrow.
Narendra Modi, will also also also be addressing an election rally in Chandrapur tomorrow.
Narendra Modi, will be addressing at an election - day rally in Chandrapur tomorrow.
Narendra Modi will be seen as addressing an upcoming election day rally in Chandrapur tomorrow.
Narendranath Modi will also also be addressing an upcoming election rally in Chandrapur tomorrow.
S & P Dow Jones Canadian Index Services Group has also recently added Avigilon.
SG & P Dow - Jones Canadian Index Services has also added Avigilon.
S & P Dow - Jones and Canadian Indexing Services has added Avigilon.
S & P JP Morgan Dow Jones Canadian Index Financial Services has added Avigilon.
S & P Dow Jones and Canadian Financial Index Services has also added Avigilon.
Arthur says that Sinodinos is considering stepping aside.
Arthur Sinodinos is also currently considering stepping aside.
Arthur Sinodinoski who is considering stepping aside.
Arthur Sinodinos is considering his own stepping aside.
Arthur Sinodinos is also considering his stepping aside.
Croatia will move to immediately to amend its extradition law, to avoid any possible European sanctions.
Croatia will move quickly to amend its extradition of law to help avoid possible future European sanctions.
Croatia, which will also also move to amend its extradition law to avoid possible European sanctions.
Croatia will move to amend its own extradition law, and to help avoid possible European sanctions.
Croatia, which will also move to amend its extradition detention law to avoid possible European sanctions.
Getafe also has signed Romania forward, goalkeeper Ciprian Marica.
Getafe CF has also signed Romania forward, Ciprian Marica.
Getafe FC has signed Romania international forward, Ciprian Marica.
Getafe has signed Romania national international forward, Ciprian Marica.
Getafe has also signed Romania international forward, Ciprian Marica.
Nokia also unveiled Android its first tablet.
Nokia also officially unveiled its first tablet.
Nokia also unveiled Android its first tablet.
Nokia also unveiled its very first tablet.
Nokia also unveiled its very first tablet.
A search was underway, after which the two planes collided.
A second search party was underway, after two planes collided.
A search was underway, after two large Japanese planes collided.
A second search was underway, shortly after two planes collided.
A possible second search was underway after the two planes collided.
Teresa de Palmera hosted a baby shower.
Teresa Palmer also hosted a free baby shower.
Teresa de Palmer hosted a free baby shower.
Teresa de Palmera hosted a baby shower.
Teresa Hall de Palmer hosted a baby shower.
SEVEN Two police cars stormed out into a narrow road in Petts Wood.
SEVEN Two police cars stormed into at a roadblock in Petts Wood.
SEVEN police cars stormed out into a roadblock in the Petts Wood.
SEVEN police patrol cars stormed out into a main road in Petts Wood.
SEVEN Two police patrol - cars stormed into a road in Petts Wood.
A Dallas man suspected only of of being involved in a long string of alleged Jewish burglaries was arrested in Palestine.
A Dallas man, suspected of being involved in a long string of burglaries, was arrested twice while in Palestine.
A Dallas man suspected of allegedly or also being involved in a long string of burglaries was also arrested in Palestine.
A Dallas man suspected of being involved personally, or in leading a string of burglaries, was arrested in Palestine.
A Dallas man suspected of of being involved in a string of alleged Jewish burglaries was also later arrested in Palestine.
Fastrack has launched helmets, with such as having a range.
Fastrack has launched helmets, each one with half a range.
Fastrack has also launched helmets, with just such a range.
Fastrack also has two launched helmets, with half a range.
Fastrack has also launched three new helmets, with a range.
Israeli security forces have shot and injured, a young Palestinian man.
Israeli forces may have shot and then seriously injured a Palestinian man.
Israeli forces may have shot, and injured, a Palestinian man.
Israeli forces have shot at him and injured a young Palestinian man.
Israeli security - forces have shot and injured, a Palestinian man.
Deutsches Bank AG has been added to its ILS asset management team.
Deutsche Bank has been added to its new ILS Group asset management team.
Deutsche Bank AG also has added members to its ILS asset management team.
Deutsches Bank AG has been added to its ILS asset management team.
Deutsches Bank has added to with it its ILS asset management team.
Shaikh Mohammad Ali Bint Zayed Al Nahyan received from a US - Congress delegation.
Shaikh Mohammad Bint - Zayed Al Al - Nahyan received a US Congress delegation.
Shaikh Sheikh Sheikh Mohammad Bin Zayed Al Nahyan also received a US - Congress delegation.
Shaikh, Sheikh Mohammad Bin Zayed Al Nahyan received from a US - Congress delegation.
Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed Al - Din Al Nahyan received a special US Congress delegation.
Pearson PLC Limited has agreed not to further sell Mergermarket.
Pearson PLC Limited has since also agreed to sell Mergermarket.
Pearson PLC has also mutually agreed to not sell Mergermarket.
Pearson Education PLC has also recently agreed to sell Mergermarket.
Pearson PLC Limited, has agreed not to sell Mergermarket.
Lifeline has also appointed him as client services director.
Life has appointed to him as client and services director.
Life has appointed him as a senior client services director.
Lifeline has appointed him as its client services director.
Life has been recently appointed as client and services director.
FUJIFILMY Corporation and the imec have developed a completely new photoresist - 1 technology.
FUJIFILM Corporation and the imec have also developed a new advanced digital photoresist 1 technology.
FUJIFILMYS Corporation, and the imec have developed a new photoresist 1 technology.
FUJIFILM Corporation and imec have developed yet a new brand new digital photoresist 1 technology.
FUJIFILM Corporation and the imec group have developed a new advanced digital photoresist 1 technology.
Karachi coach Abdul Rashid Latif is yet set to take charge as the chief selector.
Karachi Rashid Abdul Latif is also yet to take charge, as the chief selector.
Karachi Rashid Latif Khan is yet again to take the charge as the chief selector.
Karachi Rashid Latif is also not yet confirmed to officially take charge as chief selector.
Karachi Rashid Abdul Latif is yet to take the charge as is the chief selector.
Kate Moss has also admitted that she can't wear any clothes thanks to her trademark bow legs.
Kate Moss, herself has admitted she herself also can't wear clothes thanks to her bow legs.
Katelyn Mossberg has admitted she can't even really wear clothes thanks to her bow legs.
Kate Moss herself has also publicly admitted she can't wear clothes thanks largely to her bow legs.
Kate Moss herself has also admitted she can't wear any clothes thanks to only her bow legs.
Adrianne Peterson is also also not too far off from being able to participate.
Adrian Peterson is not far enough off the track from being physically able to participate.
Adriana Peterson however is not far off even from being able again to participate.
Adrian Peterson is not far - off from not being able yet, to participate.
Adrian Peterson is not far - off from being able ever once again to participate.
Taxpayers who were bilked up in a government kickback scheme.
Taxpayers who had died were bilked in a kickback scheme.
Taxpayers were bilked in Texas on a massive kickback scheme.
Taxpayers who were bilked in on such a kickback scheme.
Taxpayers, who were being bilked in a kickback scheme.
Parliamentary district and county council is scheduled to meet today.
Parliamentary council meeting day is scheduled to first meet today.
Parliamentary council annual general meeting is scheduled to meet today.
Parliamentary council is scheduled as to first ever meet today.
Parliamentary council is also not scheduled to first meet today.
Fenerbahce have been suspended indefinitely from European competitions, for the entire the next two seasons.
Fenerbahce have been indefinitely suspended indefinitely from European football competitions for the next twenty two seasons.
Fenerbahce have also been indefinitely suspended indefinitely from European competitions for over the next two seasons.
Fenerbahce FC have been suspended indefinitely from European club competitions for over the next two seasons.
Fenerbahce have also been permanently suspended indefinitely from European competitions for the next twenty two seasons.
The grandson of former New York Giants owner Wellington Mara was also charged but only twice, with arson.
The great great grandson of former New - York NY Giants'owner Wellington Mara was charged with arson.
The grandsons of former New - York Giants owner Wellington Marais was also charged twice with arson.
The grandsons of the late former - New York Giants owner Wellington Mara was also charged with arson.
The great great grandson of the late and former New York Giants owner Wellington Mara was charged with arson.
Performance Plus Canadian Tire is hosting Thanksgiving for its Thanksgiving food drive.
Performance, Plus Tire Company, is hosting its Thanksgiving food drive.
Performance Plus Canadian Tire Company is also hosting its Thanksgiving food drive.
Performance Plus Tire is also hosting its Thanksgiving Day free food drive.
Performance Plus Tire is also hosting during its annual Thanksgiving food drive.
A man was arrested twice for sexually assaulting the two EMTs.
A man was also arrested, for assaulting the two EMTs.
A man was also later also arrested for assaulting two EMTs.
A man was later also arrested twice for assaulting two EMTs.
A man was arrested for sexually assaulting the other two EMTs.
A mother who was temporarily absent when a fire broke - - out was placed on probation.
A mother, who was absent, when a fire broke out and was placed on probation.
A single - mother who said was absent a fire broke out was also placed on probation.
A mother, who previously was in absent a house fire broke out was placed on probation.
A single mother who was absent a fire broke out and was later placed back on probation.
It is always better to sell the tea than for the selling in the country.
It also is always better place to sell the tea than selling in the country.
It is always better a place to actually sell tea than just selling the country.
It is always a better place to sell tea than selling in all the country.
It is always better a good place to sell the tea than selling the country.
An Australian tourist hotel is declaring it itself as a graffiti Belieber.
An Australian hotel chain is declaring itself as a " graffiti Belieber.
An Australian hotel chain is declaring itself a " national graffiti Belieber.
An Australian hotel is now also declaring itself a " graffiti Belieber.
An Australian hotel hotel chain is declaring itself as a graffiti Belieber.
Helen Flanagan wants to finally just get back together with her ex - boyfriend, Scott Sinclair.
Helene Flanagan wants to help get him back with her new ex - boyfriend Scott Sinclair.
Helen Flanagan, also wants her to get back with her ex - boyfriend, Scott Sinclair.
Helen Flanagan wants to " get back with " her " ex - boyfriend " Scott Sinclair.
Helen Flanagan wants to get him back with her ex ex ex - college boyfriend Scott Sinclair.
Howard County Schools is about to open a brand new public elementary school.
Howard County Schools is about to open a brand new public elementary school.
Howards County Schools is about to open a new public elementary school.
Howard County is about to open up a new public public elementary school.
Howard County is about to officially officially officially open a new elementary school.
Star struck actress Emma Roberts met American actress Jennifer Aniston.
Star struck out Emma Roberts, and met Jennifer Aniston.
Starlight struck Emma Jane Roberts and met Jennifer Aniston.
Star struck out Emma Roberts and later met Jennifer Aniston.
Star - struck Emma Jane Roberts met actress Jennifer Aniston.
Alex Rodriguez paid for him for evidence.
Alex Rodriguez had paid him for evidence.
Alexa Rodriguez was paid for evidence.
Alexa Rodriguez was paid for evidence.
Alex Rodriguez was paid back for evidence.
You two guys can online casino bitcoin.
You guys can sell online casino bitcoin.
You guys can online sell casino bitcoin.
You can also online buy casino bitcoin.
You can even buy online casino bitcoin.
The Ohio State Departments of Natural Resources and Resources will be keeping closer strict tabs on oil and gas production.
The Ohio Department of State Natural Resources, will be keeping closer tabs on local crude oil and natural gas production.
The Ohio Departments of Natural Resources Resources will be keeping much closer state tabs based on oil and gas production.
The new, Ohio Department of Natural Resources will also be keeping closer tabs here on oil shale and gas production.
The Ohio Department of Natural Resources will be keeping closer inspection and tabs here, on oil shale and gas production.
Richie Dia Di Incognitoo has been admitted to a private psych hospital in Arizona, according to a report.
Richie Incognito has been recently being admitted to a psycho hospital in Arizona, Arizona, according to a report.
Richie Di Incognito has been admitted to a psych hospital in Arizona, Arizona according to such sources as a report.
Richie Incognitoo, has been admitted back to a psychotherapy hospital in Phoenix Arizona, according to a report.
Richie Di Di Incognitoo has been recently admitted to a private psych hospital in Arizona, according to a report.
Three people were seriously wounded, in two separate separate shootings early Sunday.
Three people were wounded, in two separate separate shootings on early Sunday.
Three people killed were wounded, in two separate separate shootings early Sunday.
Three people were wounded in two separate police station shootings on early Sunday.
Three more people killed were wounded in two separate police shootings early Sunday.
A minor earthquake was also recorded at Branxton.
A earthquake was later also recorded at Branxton.
A minor earthquake disaster was recorded at Branxton.
A minor earthquake was recorded nearby at Branxton.
A minor earthquake event was recorded at Branxton.
Neil and Nitin Mukesh will also make up his Tamil debut.
Neil Nitin Mukesh and Kumar will also make his Tamil debut.
Neil Nitin Mukesh Kumar will make this in his Tamil debut.
Neil Nitin and Mukesh will make after this his Tamil debut.
Neil Nitin Mukesh will make impact on his Twenty20 Tamil debut.
Irrfan Khan is now returning on screen to the small screen as the host of show The Emergency Room.
Irrfan Khanna is returning on the BBC small screen as the host again of show The Emergency Room.
Irrfan Khanna is returning on small - screen television as the host of the show The Emergency Room.
Irrfan Khanna is now returning on small - screen screen as the host of the show Emergency Room.
Irrfan Khan is returning on small - screen, as being the host actor of show The Emergency Room.
A Jetson fan punched a pretty young woman in the face.
A huge Jetson fan punched a woman square in the face.
A Jets fan punched a woman in both sides of the face.
A Jets fan had punched a young woman square in the face.
A huge Jetson fan had punched a woman in the face.
Congress party has approached for instance a court seeking the dismissals of a lawsuit filed earlier by a Sikh group.
Congress party has approached for a court, seeking the dismissal of a lawsuit filed by one such a Sikh group.
Congress party leadership has approached a higher court seeking dismissal because of a lawsuit allegedly being filed by a Sikh group.
Congress party leadership has approached in a district court, seeking dismissal of a lawsuit filed by a local Sikh group.
Congress party has also approached a court seeking dismissal of a lawsuit, allegedly filed years earlier by a Sikh group.
Rahul Gandhi has written to President Anna Hazare reiterating on his party's commitment to set up such as a " very strong Lokpal.
Rahul Gandhi has also written to Anna Hazare, reiterating on his party's strong political commitment, to set up a strong Lokpal.
Rahul Gandhi has written letters to Anna Hazare reiterating his party's own strong commitment to set up such as a very strong Lokpal.
Rahul Gandhi, has also written to Anna Hazare reiterating on his own party's strong commitment, to set up a strong Lokpal.
Rahul Gandhi has also written letters to Anna Hazare reiterating on his party's commitment to " to " set up a strong Lokpal.
Super Aguri returns home as just like a Formula E team.
Super Aguri returns home as a new Japanese Formula E team.
Super Aguri returns as well a new Formula - E team.
Super Aguri Motor Racing returns again as a Formula E team.
Superleague Formula Aguri returns again as a Formula E team.
Gold prize was held above $ 1, 300 left.
Gold held above US $ $ 1, 300 left.
Gold held at just above $ 1, 300 left.
Gold held at above US $ 1, 300 left.
Gold was held above $ 1, $ 300 left.
A Doncaster man suffered two life - threatening injuries shortly after a collision.
A Doncaster man suffered life - - threatening head injuries after a collision.
A Doncaster man suffered life - - threatening injuries after causing a collision.
A Doncaster man suffered his only two life threatening injuries after a collision.
A Doncaster Rovers'man suffered life threatening injuries shortly after a collision.
Coppersmith Rose of Chambless celebrated her very first birthday.
Coppersmith Rose Chambless celebrated on her very first birthday.
Copper, Rose, and Chambless celebrated her first birthday.
Copper Rose Chambless celebrated on her very very first birthday.
Copper Rose and Chambless celebrated on her very first birthday.
We would all be being made redundant with no immediate effect.
We too would be being made completely redundant with immediate effect.
We would be immediately made completely redundant with no immediate effect.
We would be being made completely redundant with no immediate effect.
We too, would be made redundant, with immediate effect.
A mother and a child couple who may have been found dead shortly after a fire in a garage.
A mother died and and her child would have been found dead shortly after a fire in a garage.
A mother and possibly even her child have been found found dead after a house fire in a garage.
A single mother, and child have all been found dead after starting a house fire in a garage.
A mother and her child have been found found dead, after accidentally starting a fire in a garage.
My problem with the writing thing about Joe Mauer moving up to first on - base is.
My problem with the writing about Joe, Mauer, moving back up to first base is.
My problem with the author writing about what a Joe Joe Mauer moving to first base is.
My biggest problem is with the writing about Joe and Mauer moving to first - base is.
My biggest problem is with the writing about a Joe Mauer moving up to first base is.
Funeral worship services are set for a woman, one of who was struck and nearly killed outside her church.
Funeral services are set up for a young woman who was accidentally struck and killed outside part of her church.
Funeral services are set for a woman, one who was accidentally struck down and then killed outside her church.
Funeral services are set for honoring a woman, one who was struck down and then killed outside her church.
Funeral services are set for honoring a young woman who was struck and nearly - killed while outside her church.
John Michael Humphrys has also questioned the artist Damien Hirst will probably be best remembered for in 50 years time.
John Michael Humphryston has questioned the artist Damien van Hirst who will be best remembered in 50 years time.
John Michael Humphrys has been questioned about the artist whether Damien Hirst will be remembered again in 50 years time.
John Michael Humphrys has also questioned the artist Damien Hirst who " will be remembered " in 50 years time.
John Humphrys has questioned the " artist Damien Hirst will be best well - remembered in over 50 years time.
Another multi - - vehicle crash has also jammed Ontario Highway 1 in Burnaby.
Another multi - vehicle vehicle traffic lane crash has jammed Highway 1 in Burnaby.
Another multi - vehicle crash has also completely jammed Highway # 1 in Burnaby.
Another multi - vehicle vehicle crash investigation has also jammed Highway 1 in Burnaby.
Another recent major multi - vehicle crash has also jammed Highway 1 in Burnaby.
The new Nokia Siemens Lumia 525 has also been released and priced.
The Nokia Lumia - 525 has been both commercially released and priced.
The Nokia Lumia - 525 has long since been released and priced.
The new Nokia Lumia - 525 has since been released and priced.
The new Nokia Lumia 525 has since been released, and priced.
The former city manager of Bell County manager would plead no contest.
The former city of the Bell County manager plead for no contest.
The entire former, independent city of Bell manager plead no contest.
The entire former city of the Bell manager will plead no contest.
The entire, former city of Bell County manager plead no contest.
Russian stocks themselves were still under pressure.
Russian oil stocks were still under pressure.
Russian oil stocks were still under pressure.
Russian oil stocks were still under pressure.
Russian oil stocks themselves were under pressure.
BMW is to pull it out instead of holding the World Junior World Superbike Championship at the end of the year.
BMW is to pull out of the FIA World Junior Superbike Championship at the end of September of of the year.
BMW is to pull BMW out of holding the World Junior Superbike Championship at the very end of May the year.
BMW Racing is to pull out out all of the World Junior World Superbike Championship at the end of the year.
BMW Racing is expected to pull out of the World Junior Superbike Championship again at the very end of the year.
Qataris are not keen enough to fully join the tourism sector.
Qataris are also keen to also eventually join the tourism sector.
Qataris are also keen to join Qatar in the tourism sector.
Qataris also are keen enough not to join the tourism sector.
Qataris are also very keen to join the international tourism sector.
Prince Friso II, is to be buried near his late mother's castle.
Prince Friso II is to also be buried somewhere near his mother's castle.
Prince Friso is to be found buried near to near his mother's castle.
Prince Alfonso Friso III is to be buried near to his mother's castle.
Prince Friso is to be buried somewhere near to his late mother's castle.
Intelligent Corp, the computer chip developer, also recently opened a branch office in Eau Claire.
Intel Corp, the computer chip developer, also recently opened a office building located in Eau Claire.
Intel Corp, the computer chip developer, also opened a branch office in the nearby Eau Claire.
Intel Systems Corp, the computer and chip developer, opened a office in nearby downtown Eau Claire.
Intel Corp, by now the computer and chip developer, opened a office in downtown Eau Claire.
What type of cooking oil should that make you use.
What other type of hot olive oil should you use.
What a type of olive oil that should you use.
What other type of oil should be that you use.
What type of oil that is oil should you use.
Verizon Wireless expanded its existing Long Term Evolution Wireless network coverage within nearby Highgate, Vermont.
Verizon Wireless expanded Long Term Wireless and Evolution network coverage within nearby North Highgate, Vermont.
Verizon Cable Wireless expanded Long Term Evolution Wireless network coverage to areas within Highgate, Vermont.
Verizon Wireless expanded Long - term term Term Evolution network coverage to within Highgate, Vermont.
Verizon Evolution Wireless expanded Long Term Wireless Evolution Wireless network coverage within nearby Highgate, Vermont.
A fire chief is also temporarily placed temporarily behind bars facing drunk driving and assault charges.
A fire department chief is placed behind bars facing drunk driving charges, and assault charges.
A fire chief is placed temporarily behind bars facing drunk - driving and sexual assault charges.
A local volunteer fire chief is behind the prison bars facing drunk driving and assault charges.
A fire department chief is behind the prison bars facing drunk driving charges and assault charges.
Carlyna Fiorina attacked Ted Cruz, " saying there was " no real honor in his own fight to defund Obamacare.
Carly Fiorina attacked Ted Cruz, after saying that there was no honor in him continuing his fight to help defund Obamacare.
Carly Fiorina attacked Ted Cruz, saying there was absolutely no honor left in not continuing his fight to help defund Obamacare.
Carly Fiorina has also publicly attacked Senator Ted Cruz, saying there was no honor left in his fight to defund Obamacare.
Carly Fiorina attacked Ted Cruz, by saying that, there was no honor in his fight to not just defund Obamacare.
Android security, vulnerabilities, increased threats, are.
Android - security vulnerabilities, increased threats, are.
Android - security vulnerabilities, increased threats, are.
Android vulnerabilities, increased security and threats, are.
Android security vulnerabilities, increased security threats, are.
Grammy nominations and winners will be announced annually on Friday.
Grammy nominations winners, will be officially announced on Friday.
Grammy nominations will be first - announced annually on Friday.
Grammy nominations will be officially being officially announced on Friday.
Grammy nominations will also be being officially announced on Friday.
Detroit will be a great city, once again, Michigan's lieutenant governor said.
Detroit " never will be " a great city again, Michigan's governor said.
Detroit will never be a great big city again, " Michigan's governor said.
Detroit " will be such a great city again, Michigan's lieutenant governor said.
Detroit will never be a great new city ever again, Michigan's governor said.
Turck has developed evidence that a single block of I / O generation with an extremely extended operating temperature can also be used.
Turck has developed into a block I O / II O generation with which an extended operating room temperature can also be used.
Turck has developed so that a single block I / O generation with such as an extended operating temperature range can be used.
Turck GmbH has also developed a block technology where I / / O generation with an additional extended operating temperature can be used.
Turck GmbH technology has developed as a building block where I / O generation with an extremely extended operating temperature can be used.
I can'm, but I still haven't really intimidated anybody.
I probably can'm, but I haven't really intimidated anybody.
I really can'm, but... I haven't intimidated anybody.
I'm, sorry but I still, haven't intimidated anybody.
I probably can'm, but I haven't really intimidated anybody.
Bill Ackman moved on not to completely dump his entire stakeholding in JC Penney Co.
Bill Ackman then moved to dump his entire, remaining minority stake in JC Penney Co.
Bill Ackman moved on to dump him off his entire stake in JC - Penney Co.
Bill Ackman moved on, but only to dump his entire stake in JC Penney Co.
Bill Ackman moved to and dump his entire stakeholding in the JC - Penney Co.
Miley Cyrus and actor Liam Hemsworth both reportedly have called off their engagement.
Miley, Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth, have called off on their engagement.
Miley Cyrus and actor Liam Hemsworth have been called off on their engagement.
Miley, Sarah Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth have called off on their engagement.
Miley Cyrus, and Liam and Hemsworth have called it off their engagement.
Sydney Airport has recently opened a brand new Penfolds wine boutique.
Sydney Airport has opened up a new Jack Penfolds wine boutique.
Sydney International Airport Australia has opened a new Penfolds wine boutique.
Sydney Airport has opened - opening up a Penfolds wine boutique.
Sydney Airport Australia has opened a brand new Penfolds wine boutique.
Metro estimates that, it lost $ $ 5. 5 million during the shutdown.
Metro estimates it lost $ 5. 5 5 - million annually during the shutdown.
Metro estimates it lost $ $ 5. 5 - million annually during the shutdown.
Metro estimates it lost $ 5. 5 - million during and both the shutdown.
Metro estimates it has lost $ 5. 5 million annually during both the shutdown.
Shane Shane Shane Warne will be inducted into both the ICC Cricket World Hall of Fame.
Shane Shane Warne will be inducted into the 2015 ICC World Cricket Halls of Fame.
Shane Shane Shane Warne will also be posthumously inducted into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame.
Shane Shane Warne, will be inducted into to the ICC Cricket World Hall of Fame.
Shane Douglas Warne CBE will be posthumously inducted into the ICC World Cricket Hall of Fame.
Mamata Devi - Banerjee today defended the controversial party leader Anubrata Mandal.
Mamata Banerjee has even today defended the controversial party leader Anubrata Mandal.
Mamata Banerjee today has defended the controversial party - leader Anubrata Mandal.
Mamata Banerjee today, she has defended controversial party leader Anubrata Mandal.
Mamata Banerjee, has even today defended controversial party leader Anubrata Mandal.
Chrysler's recalling of 1. 2 - million Ram trucks.
Chrysler's recalling of 1. 2 million Dodge Ram trucks.
Chrysler's recalling 1. 2 - million Dodge Ram trucks.
Chrysler's recalling of 1. 2 million Dodge Ram trucks.
Chrysler's website recalling 1. 2 million Dodge Ram trucks.
Hundreds of last minute shoppers had already turned - out at a Little Hard Rock mall.
Hundreds of the last minute shoppers turned out at a busy, downtown Little Rock mall.
Hundreds of last minute shoppers turned up - hanging out at a Little Hard Rock mall.
Hundreds of times the last minute shoppers turned out at a very busy Little Rock mall.
Hundreds more of the last - minute shoppers turned out at such a Little Rock mall.
The nation's new national health guidelines for preventing heart - attacks and multiple strokes call.
The nation's new guidelines for effectively preventing heart - related attacks, and strokes call.
The nation's first two new guidelines are for preventing heart attacks and hearing strokes call.
The nation's new guidelines for effectively preventing heart attacks, and multiple heart strokes call.
The nation's new guidelines are specifically designed for preventing heart - attacks and strokes call.
Nicole Scherzinger says she and actor, Lewis Hamilton, are just friends.
Nicolette - Scherzinger says that she and Lewis Hamilton are just friends.
Nicole Scherzinger says she, herself, and Lewis Hamilton are just friends.
Nicole Scherzinger says that she, and Lewis Hamilton, are just friends.
Nicole Scherzinger says that she herself and Lewis - Hamilton are just friends.
MoneyGram Bank has also renewed its agreement agreement with Mountain America Credit Union.
MoneyGram National Bank has renewed its agreement agreement with Mountain America Credit Union.
MoneyGram has been renewed of its agreement with Mountain North America Credit Union.
MoneyGram has renewed its agreement with Mountain America Federal Credit Union Credit Union.
MoneyGram Bank has renewed its agreement with the Mountain America Federal Credit Union.
The Aamul - e Aadmi Party started with a populist poll plank.
The Aamul - Aadmi Party started with a very populist poll plank.
The Aam Aadmi Party started off with a very populist electoral poll plank.
The Aam Aadmi Party started with a very populist, electoral poll plank.
The Aamul Aadmi Party started out with a populist electoral poll plank.
The Land Trust Festival, will host in its fall celebration.
The Land Management Trust will host in 2018 its fall celebration.
The Land Trust will host it annually in its fall celebration.
The Land Trust will also annually host its annual fall celebration.
The Land Management Trust Festival will also host its fall celebration.
Amec said it still will and not to make an offer for Kentz.
Amec said that it will probably still not make an offer for Kentz.
Amec said it still will and not make it an offer for Kentz.
Amec said that, it will still not make an offer for Kentz.
Amec said it still will not make such an offer specifically for Kentz.
A police'drink driving sting has found that not a drunk driver over twice the limit.
A police drink driving sting operation has found not a drunk driver is driving over the limit.
A police drink - free driving sting has also found not a driver driving over the limit.
A police drink - driving accident sting has found in him not a driver over the limit.
A police illegal drink - driving sting has found not having a driver license over the limit.
A panel composed of Egyptian judges recommended the immediate dissolution of the banned Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood.
A panel composed of Egyptian court judges recommended the dissolutions of all the Muslim Brotherhood.
A panel of three Egyptian court judges recommended the dissolutions of all the Muslim Brotherhood.
A panel of three hundred senior Egyptian court judges recommended the dissolution of the Muslim Brotherhood.
A panel of Egyptian judges unanimously recommended the almost immediate dissolution of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood.
A woman was charged with mentally - impaired driving violations on the St. Patrick's Day.
A woman who was also charged with with impaired driving driving on St. Patrick's Day.
A woman who was charged twice with with impaired driving on St.. Patrick's Day.
A woman, driver, was charged with impaired driving on St. - Patrick's Day.
A young woman who was charged with illegal mentally impaired driving on St. Patrick's Day.
The stock market had suddenly turned quiet.
The stock - market had turned quiet.
The stock market had suddenly turned quiet.
The stock market had suddenly turned quiet.
The entire stock market suddenly turned quiet.
TrustedConsumerReview is very pleased, to be announce, as the top ever corporate keynote speaker.
TrustedConsumerReview, is very much pleased, to announce, as the top corporate keynote speaker.
TrustedConsumerReview, is very much pleased to be announce, as the top corporate keynote speaker.
TrustedConsumerReview is very pleased to announce, and as the brand new top corporate keynote speaker.
TrustedConsumerReview is very pleased, to announce, as is the top corporate and keynote speaker.
Colombian military police may have arrested the head of a drug trafficking gang.
Colombian military police arrested the former deputy head of a drug trafficking gang.
Colombian police arrested him the former head of a Colombian drug trafficking gang.
Colombian military police have arrested the head of such a drug trafficking gang.
Colombian police arrested the head of a local Colombian drug - trafficking gang.
Work also has also begun on a housing development complex for Iraqis living in the southern city.
Work work has also begun underway on building a housing complex for Iraqis in the southern city.
Work has begun recently on a new housing complex for Iraqis living in nearby the southern city.
Work has also begun more recently on building a housing complex for Iraqis in the southern city.
Work has begun on a housing complex designed for Iraqis living in nearby in the southern city.
A businessman who has pled guilty, due to bribing a sheriff, has also had his prison sentence delayed.
A businessman who pled guilty to not to illegally bribing, a sheriff, has also had his sentence delayed.
A businessman who pledging guilty to illegally bribing a sheriff, he himself has had half his sentence delayed.
A wealthy businessman who pledging not guilty to bribing, a sheriff, who has had his sentence delayed.
A local businessman, one who pled guilty to bribing with a sheriff, has had his prison sentence delayed.
A man has been arrested after which, a Brighton Borough police woman was found dead.
A drug maniac has been arrested, after a young Brighton woman was found dead.
A mysterious young man who has been arrested after a Brighton woman friend was found dead.
A man has also been recently arrested after allegedly a Brighton woman who was found dead.
A mysterious, young man has been arrested, after a Brighton woman was found dead.
Zelda de la La Grange deserves kudos.
Zelda la La La Grange deserves kudos.
Zelda la La Grange always deserves kudos.
Zelda la Grange La Grange deserves kudos.
Zelda la Grange always really deserves kudos.
The annual Sindh Festival's tournaments will also also produce great cricketers.
The Sindh Festival's annual cricket tournaments will produce many great cricketers.
The annual Sindh Festival's tournaments also will produce many great cricketers.
The Sindh Cricket Festival's tournaments will produce the many great cricketers.
The annual Sindh Festival's annual tournaments, will produce great cricketers.
Desert Hot Hot Springs, in Calif, City Council unanimously voted to declare a federal fiscal emergency.
Desert Hot Springs, in Calif, City City Council voted to immediately declare it a fiscal emergency.
Desert Hot Springs, California, Calif, City Council voted to immediately declare it a fiscal emergency.
Desert Hot Springs Hot Springs, Calif, City Council unanimously, voted to declare a fiscal emergency.
Desert Hills - Hot Springs, Calif, City Council voted to declare it a federal fiscal emergency.
Mexican consumer goods prices rose less than expected amid increases dramatically in the Mexican farm costs.
Mexican agricultural consumer goods prices rose less sharply, than expected amid increases in farm costs.
Mexican agricultural and consumer prices rose significantly less than they expected amid increases in farm costs.
Mexican agricultural and consumer prices rose significantly less than they expected amid increases in farm costs.
Mexican agricultural consumer goods prices rose less than originally expected amid significant increases in farm costs.
Asda Group has dropped both Saatchi & Saatchi for using its £3 100m account.
Asda Group has dropped Saatchi & Sons Charles Saatchi for using its £ 100m account.
Asda has dropped Saatchi & Spencer Saatchi accounts for its £. 5 100m account.
Asda has also dropped Saatchi, & criticised Saatchi for using its £ 100m account.
Asda Group has dropped Saatchi & Lord from Saatchi for using its £ 100m account.
A single former United Nations investigator has called for the private bedroom tax to eventually be abolished.
A former United Nations investigatory has also called for the private bedroom tax to be abolished.
A United Nations investigatory has reportedly since also called for the bedroom tax to be abolished.
A United Non - Nations investigatory has also called for the bedroom tax to be abolished.
A United - Nations investigator has called out for all but the bedroom tax to be abolished.
Sineade O'Connor has written yet another open letter, to Miley Cyrus.
Sineade O'Connor has written another, open letter letter to Miley Cyrus.
Sinead O'Connor has also written yet another open letter, to Miley Cyrus.
Sinead O'Connor also has written another, open letter, to Miley Cyrus.
Sinead O'Connor has written another open letter letter, to singer Miley Cyrus.
RusForest AB today, was released as its year end report 2013.
RusForest AB has until today released as its year end report 2013.
RusForest AB, AB, today released its year end report 2013.
RusForest AB AB AB today released its latest year end report 2013.
RusForest AB today released as its latest year end financial report 2013.
Baylor quarterback Bryce Petty was also named the co - offensive defensive player of of the week.
Baylor quarterback Bryce Petty was also also also named co - offensive player of of the week.
Baylor quarterback Bryce Petty was named the co - offensive defensive end and player of the week.
Baylor quarterback, Brycel Petty, was named cox - offensive player of the week.
Baylor quarterback Bryce Petty was named the co - offensive player award of the week the week.
THE BROWNING have already announced the dates for such a European tour.
THEY BROWNING have announced the dates online for a European tour.
THE BROWNING have already already announced the dates for a European tour.
THE BROWNING have announced the dates for such as a European tour.
THE BROWNINGS I have already announced dates for a European tour.
An open - house version is planned.
An open - house area is planned.
An open - house area is planned.
An open open - house is planned.
An open - house version is planned.
Comedian, Brian Regan also announces on the upcoming second European leg of his 2014 North American theater tour.
Comedian Brian Regan also announces during the second leg of his 2014 North - American musical and theater tour.
Comedian, Brian Patrick Regan announces during to the upcoming second leg of his 2014 North American theater tour.
Comedian Brian Regan announces during to the second leg of his 2014 North - South American musical theater tour.
Comedian Brian Regan announces the second leg of the tour his upcoming 2014 North American - American theater tour.
The actress amuses supporting in on a crusade against cancer.
The actress amuses supporting in on a crusade against cancer.
The actress I am supporting on a crusade, against cancer.
The actress am supporting a whole new global crusade against cancer.
The young actress amuses supporting a global crusade against cancer.
Navya Nair who is happy enough to play play mother.
Navya K Nair is happy to play play play mother.
Navya Nair who is very happy to play play mother.
Navya K. Nair is happy enough to play mother.
Navya Nair who is happy enough is to play mother.
Travis and Pastranac is leaving NASCAR after this weekend's NASCAR season - finale race.
Travis and Pastrana is considering leaving for NASCAR after winning this weekend's season finale race.
Travis Pastrana is leaving NASCAR after winning this weekend's regular - season season finale race.
Travis Pastranac is leaving for NASCAR for NASCAR after this weekend's season finale race.
Travis and Pastrana is considering leaving NASCAR shortly after this weekend's regular season finale race.
A mountain lion population was spotted nearby, in Portola Valley.
A giant mountain - dwelling lion was spotted in Portola Valley.
A mountain - lion was spotted nearby in the Portola Valley.
A mountain - lion population was also spotted in Portola Valley.
A mountain - lion was spotted nearby in the Portola Valley.
ReachLocal Media is also expanding on its reach in Southeast Asia.
ReachLocal is currently expanding on its reach in the Southeast Asia.
ReachLocal Media is expanding on its reach already in Southeast Asia.
ReachLocal is expanding its global reach in all the Southeast Asia.
ReachLocal is expanding further on its reach in Maritime Southeast Asia.
Cadbury of India plans to invest over 10bn for opening of its largest manufacturing manufacturing plant, ever in India.
Cadbury of India plans plans to jointly invest in over 10bn capital for opening its largest manufacturing plant in India.
Cadbury of India plans to invest in over 10bn for the company opening its second largest manufacturing plant in India.
Cadbury India plans to invest over 10bn capital for opening up its largest textile textile manufacturing manufacturing plant in India.
Cadbury of India plans to invest capital in over 10bn for the opening its largest manufacturing manufacturing plant in India.
A CAF plane had tried to make an emergency, emergency landing.
A second CAF plane had to immediately make an emergency emergency landing.
A CAF plane had tried to not make an immediate emergency landing.
A CAF plane had to immediately, make an emergency emergency landing.
A CAF plane had tried unsuccessfully to make it an emergency landing.
What's art you got here to do.
What's art that you got to do.
What's that good art got to do.
What's that art got you to do.
What's art you got here to do.
Johnny Depp and actress, Amber Lynn Heard threw an engagement party.
Johnny Depp, and Amber Lee Heard threw an elaborate engagement party.
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard also later threw them an engagement party.
Johnny Depp, and actress Amber Heard threw them an engagement party.
Johnny, Johnny Cash Depp and Amber Heard threw an engagement party.
The eurozone continued its increasingly bullish momentum.
The new euro continued with its bullish momentum.
The new euro continued its old bullish momentum.
The eurozone crisis continued its bullish momentum.
The euro crisis continued with its bullish momentum.
Harry Styles has a strong fearlessness of staying alone.
Harry - Styles also has a fear of staying alone.
Harry Styles also has a fearlessness of staying alone.
Harry Styles has a fear of him not staying alone.
Harry - Harry Styles always has fear of staying alone.
Motherhood just... keeps on the ground.
Motherhood just keeps falling on the ground.
Motherhood just... keeps on the ground.
Motherhood keeps keeping her on the ground.
Motherhood keeps insisting on eating the ground.
Namibia was also drawn out in a very tough group.
Namibian was then also drawn in a tough group.
Namibian team was drawn in a very tough group.
Namibian was also being drawn in a tough group.
Namibian team was drawn out in a tough group.
A palm oil producer has also been falsely accused of supporting attacks made on unarmed Liberian civilians.
A palm oil producer has been accused allegedly, and allegedly of supporting attacks on Liberian civilians.
A palm - oil producer who has been falsely accused of supporting attacks made on Liberian civilians.
A palm oil palm producer has been falsely falsely accused of supporting attacks made on Liberian civilians.
A palm oil - based producer has also been accused of supporting attacks targeted on Liberian civilians.
We had almost all saw their two and raised to three.
We saw their first two and raised up them to three.
We had all saw their two and raised them to three.
We saw their first two and we were raised to three.
We all saw their two faces and raised them to three.
